['The film centers on Mike Halligan, a retired cop, who suffers a fatal heart attack while putting up Christmas lights days before Christmas. While in heaven he makes a deal to return to life for a few days in order to fulfill a promise to take his grandson to New York City for the holidays.'] ["Aboard the cargo ship McRuby, docked in New York, six stowaways burst from one of the containers being unloaded. They flee from the ship, but are apprehended by dock workers and the New York police. The McRuby's Ukrainian crew watches the detention with some amusement, but the ship's captain and his first mate, Ion Plesin, are displeased, aware that the illegal immigrants will cost the shipping company hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines. In response, company representative Andreas Vlachos arrives to oversee future operations and warn that the crew will be liable for any more such fines. Later, the McRuby is docked in Ghana, where dock worker Kingsley Ofosu plans to some day stow away aboard a cargo ship to pursue a better life for himself and his pregnant wife in the United States. Upon winning a lottery, he decides that the time is right, as he can use the money to get on his feet upon his arrival. Ofosu, his brother and six other men slip aboard the McRuby and hide in its cargo holds. With the ship behind schedule, Plesin has only one hour to conduct a stowaway search prior to departure. The hasty endeavor fails to turn up Ofosu's group and the ship sails, bound for France, prior to sailing on to New York. Ofosu's group encounters another stowaway, who had boarded the ship in Cameroon. The men jovially discuss the vocations they intend to pursue in the United States. Later, their water container breaks, forcing them to leave the cargo area to forage for food and water. They leave evidence of the presence, which is then discovered by the crew. To prevent Vlachos from learning that the stowaway search had been incomplete, the captain has Plesin assemble a small team to conduct a secret perquisition. The stowaways are found and Plesin discusses the predicament with the captain. Given the illegal immigrant fines, they cannot bring the stowaways into port. However, they also cannot alter course to drop the men off somewhere, as Vlachos would then find out about them. The Africans are taken to be hidden within the ship's anchor hold. When they object, they find Plesin unsympathetic to their desire to escape poverty. He points out that if the stowaways' presence becomes known, he and his men will be fired, and any other jobs they can find in Ukraine will pay even less than the meager wages earned by Ofosu on the docks in Ghana. The stowaways are forced into the hold and initially left without food or water. Yuri, one of Plesin's men, takes pity and secretly delivers them a little water, but he is powerless to do more. As the stowaways suffer, Ofosu laments that he has led the group to their deaths. The captain finally acquiesces to Plesin's plan to kill the stowaways. The men are taken from the hold in small groups. As each group is brought into another area, they are ambushed and their bodies thrown overboard. Yuri tries to stop the massacre, but the others overpower and subdue him. Ofosu and his brother are the last two brought out, but they surmise what is about to occur and make a run for it, heading in different directions. As they do, Ofosu's brother is shot and, with his injury, is soon caught and thrown overboard as Ofosu watches. Ofosu flees back below decks to hide and is able to elude further searches for him. While in the cargo hold, Ofosu stashes a picture of himself and his wife inside one of the cocoa sacks. Plesin's men are concerned about their inability to locate their final stowaway, but they reason that all Western countries despise black immigrants and thus no one will be motivated to take action against them. They also expect to be able to secure him upon reaching port when he tries to exit the ship. However, once the ship docks, Ofosu is able to escape to shore and make it to the police before Plesin's men can catch him. The next day, French authorities board the McRuby to investigate Ofosu's story. Plesin first denies that there had been any stowaway, but the ship's cocoa sacks are searched, yielding Ofosu's picture. Plesin's final play is to acknowledge the killings but to suggest that he and his men had done France a favor by preventing undesirable blacks from entering the country illegally. The police are unimpressed by this rationale and immediately arrest Plesin and his men, along with the captain. The film ends with Ofosu on the phone with his wife, hearing the cries of his newborn son, whom he pledges to name after his brother. An epilogue notes that the captain and first mate were convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. Three other crew members were also convicted and received 20-year sentences, while one crew member was acquitted. Kingsley Ofosu was living in France and hoping to have his wife and child join him."] ['The USS Charleston  in On the Beach is a 688i variant of the Los Angeles-class and is equipped with a caterpillar drive. The Morse code signal picked up by the submarine crew in the original novel and film was updated to an automated digital broadcast powered by a solar-powered laptop computer. The nuclear war was preceded by a standoff between the United States and the People\'s Republic of China, after the latter blockaded and later invaded Taiwan.<ref namehttp://www.hmsrichmond.org/dict_b.htm |titleHmsrichmond.org |date2012-09-18}} The novel took its title from a fragment of T. S. Eliot\'s poem The Hollow Men.Shute, Nevil. "On The Beach". William Morrow and Company, NY, NY, 1957.'] ['In 2008, terrorists developed a biological weapon called "Blizz". They used this weapon in local weather patterns in the United States. As it falls from the sky, it will instantly burn any living thing it touches. At her seventh birthday party, young Peggy  watched as her friends were killed by Blizz. Ten years later, America has been ravaged by the effects of World War III. The death count continues to rise in this dark and bleak future and some states simply no longer exist. Peggy  is now a teenager, ignorant of the world outside of her mother\'s diner. She has lost both her father and her sister, Anna, and now depends on her mother, Kate . One day, Peggy meets biker and drug addict Jak  and his two "friends", junkies Boxx ([[Ryan McDonald  and Celia . The three are into some shady dealings with a nightclub called The Doom Room, located in the town of Muskeet. Kate warns Peggy that "everything the people of Muskeet do is a goddamn trick", and although she\'s afraid to disobey her mother, Peggy sneaks out with Jak in the middle of the night to the Doom Room with Boxx and Celia. Muskeet, as it appears, is completely ravaged and the home to ravagers, sociopathic bikers, and teenagers. The Doom Room is a heavy metal bar run by an MC . As Peggy and Celia watch the band Decree perform, Boxx and Jak go behind the stage to perform a business deal with the MC. They provide him packets of blood. The MC promises that he will pay them if their product is good enough for the next "performance". If not, he\'ll make them eat it.  At that point, Peggy witnesses what the performance is. The MC has collected victims of Blizz who suffer from a medical abnormality where they still stand even after they\'ve died. This condition was first discovered in the battlegrounds of the war. They are then pumped with blood and forced to dance, and those who don\'t move are shocked with electric prods. Peggy watches in horror as the MC brings out her own sister, Anna . When Anna falls off the stage, Peggy and Jak take her away from the Doom Room, to be followed by the MC and one of his goons. Peggy and Jak meet up with Kate, who has tracked them to Muskeet. The MC sheds some light on how he came to "own" Anna. When she was still alive, Anna was just like the other teenagers in Muskeet, and Kate was sick of having to drag her out of the Doom Room every weekend. Then Anna overdosed on drugs, so Kate decided to sell her to the MC, although she was apparently still alive. Kate is beaten down and tries to explain to Peggy that she sold Anna because they had nothing. Angered at what her mother did, Peggy trades her for Anna. In the end, Peggy becomes another Muskeet style teenager, and watches as Kate\'s corpse is beaten with electric rods and forced to dance in the Doom Room.'] ['When a super computer is linked to a video game network, the computer programmer who designed the game must enter the virtual reality world of his fantasies and defeat the computer before it causes worldwide chaos.'] ['Simon Jackson is an awkward high school teenager who befriends a white bear that saves his life. He learns that the bear is endangered by the destruction of its habitat from logging and grows out of his shell to launch a campaign to the government to protect the bear. He then learns about the hardships of a campaign but succeeds with the help of his friend, Lloyd Blackbird, and his supporters.'] ["In not-so-merry-old-England during the 13th Century, the neurotic Prince John  sits on the throne, supported by his evil henchman, Sir Guy of Gisbourne  and constantly ridiculed by his mother, Eleanor of Aquitaine . While celebrating his birthday, the Prince becomes unhappy when he discovers his older brother, Richard, is not dead as everyone thought but rather being held for ransom in Austria. As Richard is the rightful King of England, this creates a problem for Prince John. However, Gisbourne openly suggests that they tax the Saxon peasants to raise the ransom, while secretly confiding in the Prince that the King will most likely die of pneumonia before the year is out and that they will keep the money. The birthday revels are interrupted by Robin Hood , disguised in drag and reciting an offensive poem. Not seeing through the disguise, Gisbourne demands she take them to Robin Hood's hideout in Sherwood Forest. That night, Eleanor convinces Maid Marian  to play up to Gisbourne's advances and use him to help Robin Hood. When Prince John and Guy travel to Sherwood, they are ambushed by Robin Hood's Merry Men. They are stripped of their garments, their possessions and money stolen, then driven out of the forest. Will Scarlet  frequently tries to make a song out of these events, but thankfully Robin stops him every time. Eleanor and Marian sneak into the bandits' camp at night, disguised as two nuns, and hoping to enlist Robin's help in freeing King Richard. They are caught by Robin, who recognises them immediately, and the trio eat together and discuss plans. Robin and Marian realise they love each other. Robin and his band begin travelling across the country to raise the ransom money but nothing goes right. They try robbing a bank only to find that they have won a prize as the hundredth customer and get distracted. When they finally rob the bank, they find it only has three coins and a pfennig. Times are hard for everyone, it seems. Eventually, Robin has to report back to Eleanor that England is broke. She advises him to get the money from Isaac of York , a Jewish moneylender. In York, Robin stands out like a sore thumb amongst all the orthodox Jews. Isaac agrees to lend Robin the ransom money provided that in return the King gives the Jews their own country. Isaac suggests Palestine, although Miami would be his second choice. They settle on naming the new country after Isaac's father, Israel. Robin sneaks into the Prince's castle to tell Eleanor, who now insists he must raise an army. Robin then tries to seduce Marian, promising her they'll be wed once King Richard returns, but with little success."] ["Dr. Peña , a cryptozoologist, manages to capture a live chupacabra on a remote Caribbean island and smuggles it aboard the cruise ship Regent Queen, commanded by Captain Randolph  with the assistance of his young daughter, and ship fitness instructor, Jenny . The Regent Queen has been experiencing a rash of burglaries, and Federal Marshal Lance Thompson  is brought on board to investigate. The creature soon escapes from captivity, leaving the passengers at its mercy on the sea. U.S. Navy Seals are called in to help stop the creature, but their efforts are hindered by Dr. Peña, who believes the creature's life is more valuable than the lives of those aboard. The Navy Seals are killed off one by one by the beast and Dr. Pena resorts to using Jenny as live bait to recapture the Chupacabra. However, he is foiled when the beast outsmarts and fatally wounds him. Jenny is saved by Lance and they meet up with her father, who has set the engines to explode as all the other passengers have been evacuated. They flee on a lifeboat moments before the ship blows up, taking the beast with it. Captain Randolph decides to retire and write his memoirs."] ['{{main}} {{Plot}} The movie opens with 12-year-old Jeffrey Lionel "Maniac" Magee as an orphan. Maniac can run extremely fast on railroad tracks. Hector Street divides Two Mills by race: blacks on East End, whites on West End. The racial tensions are very strong. Maniac is confused by racial biases; to him, the people are simply people - heterogeneous, but with much in common, such as both kindness and cruelty. Jeffrey\'s parents were killed by a drunk driver just after his father told him that he would show him his infamous "stopball." After his parents\' funeral, a couple tells Jeffery to "come with them." Maniac taught himself to fly and learns how to run. After one year of running, Jeffrey arrives in Two Mills and quickly befriends people on both sides of the unofficial segregation line. Among them are an African-American family with a girl his age named Amanda Beale, with whom he lives for a while. He also meets James Down  a football player impressed by Jeffrey\'s own speed, dexterity, and agility. Later, the racial intolerance he encounters prompts Jeffrey to realize that the Beale family is different than he is. As a result, he flees the town and hides in the buffalo enclosure of the local zoo. The buffaloes, a mother and a calf, accept Jeffrey as one of their own. One day, he starts to live in a gymnasium on the premises, creating a nearly utopian life of interdependence and mutual learning. Jeffrey learns that Grayson, a groundskeeper at the zoo, was once a Minor League baseball player, forced to retire after a spectacular failure that came in the wake of a sequence of victories. Grayson, in turn, learns to read, a skill he had neglected through childhood. After Christmas, Grayson dies in his sleep. Jeffrey, heartbroken, flees to Valley Forge and there waits to die. He is prevented from dying by two runaway boys, Piper and Russell McNab, whom he bribes into leaving Valley Forge and going home. While they are eating at a pizza restaurant in Two Mills, the boys\' older brother John appears. John is a tall bully who was humiliated in a baseball game by Jeffrey, who was the only kid who could hit John\'s fastballs. For returning the younger duo, John forgives Jeffrey and takes him home. In the McNab house, Jeffrey sees gluttony, squalor, racial prejudice, and sloth. Due to struggles that result from his unique social position — that of a homeless integrator — Jeffrey leaves the McNabs and roams all over the town, sleeping where he might and running at his own great pace through the streets in the early morning. During his runs, he sees Mars Bar again, who also runs early in the morning. The two run next to each other in silence, acknowledging one another through looks but not words. The movie closes with a group of kids finding out their friend is a daughter of Maniac Magee and they have a son named Maniac Jr., and that Amanda married Magee. The final scene shows older Magee throwing the ball to Jr., and he swings the ball with it smoking in the air.'] ['One night, a large swarm of ants arrive on planet Earth, terrorizing many cities and towns. A group of scientists must work together to stop the ants before it is too late.'] ["In a time when and place where women were not usually permitted careers, especially in the medical field, Belinda Tyler  deeply wants to be a doctor and feels that God has called her to be one. She displays her abilities while helping out a local doctor and caring for Mrs. Stafford-Smith ,an elderly woman who recently had a stroke. While Belinda nurses Mrs. Stafford-Smith back to health and helps her regain the use of her right arm, she meets Drew Simpson , the nephew of a deceased neighbor. He has come to town to prepare his uncle's farm for sale. Once that's done, he will return to New York to join his father's law practice; he has no wish to stay in this small, unsophisticated town. But after meeting Belinda, he has second thoughts. She also feels something for him, but her life plan is to become a doctor, then move back home to provide medical care to her family and neighbors. Although most women of the time only married and had children, Belinda wants more. She has a great mind for medicine and also feels called to it by God. She doesn't see how a relationship with Drew would work, especially when Mrs. Stafford-Smith offers to put her through medical school in Boston. She informs Drew of her plan and prepares to leave. But after Belinda's grandfather shares how he recognized his feelings for wife Marty, Drew realizes that he cannot live without Belinda. Meanwhile, Belinda's mother and grandmother counsel her about her future and advise her to pray. Just as Belinda boards the stagecoach, Drew arrives and tells her he loves her and is willing to practice law in Boston while she's in medical school. Once she becomes a doctor, they will move back to this small town together if that is what she wants. He asks her to marry him. Knowing she feels the same way about Drew, Belinda finally admits her feelings and accepts his marriage proposal. She and Drew are married with her family and friends present before they move to Boston together."] ['Cassie Nightingale  has settled into Middleton and is busy making Grey House into a bed and breakfast. Her boyfriend, Chief of Police Jake Russell ([[Chris Potter , and his kids, Brandon  and Lori , are happy to have Cassie in the neighborhood, but before long, a stranger named Nick ([[Rob Stewart  appears with papers entitling him to legal ownership of Grey House. Cassie is bewildered and wonders if she really belongs in Middleton.'] ["The film is about awaiting execution. Denver Bayliss  gains an unlikely friend and confidant in Fred Whitmore , a former cop who is now a prison guard. Whitmore's life is a mess, however: he shuts out his wife and cannot relate to his son. As Bayliss' execution draws nearer, Whitmore clashes more and more with Lt. McMannis, his supervisor, over Bayliss' treatment. Bayliss gives Whitmore a new understanding of life by helping him come to terms with a traumatic past, and Whitmore helps Bayliss to make his peace with himself and the world."] ['The movie depicts the life of Dawn Anna, a teacher and single mother of four children. Soon after meeting her eventual husband, she is diagnosed with a severe brain disease that requires a serious operation. Shortly after her recovery, daughter Lauren Townsend is murdered in the Columbine High School massacre.'] ['The film is built around two main parallel stories, each containing almost identical dialogues. One story line involves Linda Sykes , an American woman detained in the People\'s Republic of China, being interrogated by a military officer . In the other storyline, Sharif Bin Said , an Arab man detained in New York City, is interrogated by two FBI agents . Both characters are graduate students detained with no hard evidence and interrogated about unspecified activities which may or may not be related to terrorist plots. In the course of the increasingly brutal interrogations, both Sykes and Bin Said are strip searched against their will by their interrogators and are subjected to a cavity search. In both cases the protagonists appear to have only tenuous connections with the suspected terrorist plots. The film ends with the question: "Must security and safety come at the price of freedom?"'] ['Marty Claridge  has just moved out to the West with her husband Aaron Claridge , who dies in a riding accident shortly after. Marty, expecting her late husband\'s baby and left with nowhere to go, is in need of a place to stay through the winter. With no other options, she accepts the arrangement offered by widower Clark Davis , who offers to give her a place to stay for the winter and provide her with the fare for the wagon train heading back East in the spring. In exchange, they agree to get married, as he wants her to provide a maternal influence for his young daughter Missie . The two do not live together as husband and wife but keep separate quarters. Initially, it is not an ideal arrangement for any of them, and at first Marty and Missie do not get along. Marty learns more about "Clark\'s God" than she ever dreamed, and as the winter season passes, they all start to feel more like a family, and finally Marty and Clark come to realize they\'re in love.'] ['Richard Beck  is a police detective who believed that rape victims are to blame for the crime. He is later raped by two of the suspects he had been chasing. Ultimately, he changes his beliefs about rape victims. This made for TV movie was groundbreaking in that it portrayed the rape of a man by two other men, and because of this it has become a cult classic.'] ['Shortly after graduating from Columbia University\'s Graduate School of Journalism, Geralyn Lucas lands her dream job working for 20/20. Lucas is then diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 27 and has a dilemma - whether to have a lumpectomy or the potentially safer mastectomy. After consulting several doctors  and researching the operations she decides to undergo a mastectomy. Her subsequent chemotherapy treatment leads to tensions within her marriage but the couple stays together. She also has breast reconstruction. The final shot is of Geralyn cradling her child, something she feared she would be unable to do. Geralyn meets several "angels" in the story, people who have been in similar positions to her and are able to dispense good advice. The title refers to her belief that only confident women wear red lipstick.'] ['Katie  and Sara  have been best friends since childhood. They enter college together, where Katie is a prized legacy candidate for the Delta Beta Theta sorority, which was co-founded decades ago by her mother, Lutie  and Summer , whose own daughter Gwen  now leads the Deltas on campus. An event occurs during pledge week that causes a rift between Katie and the Deltas, which leaves Sara as a Delta pledge and Katie out in the cold. Katie joins the rival Kappa Theta Xi sorority, and the rivalry splits not just Katie and Sara, but extends all the way into the Delta alumnae association led by Lutie and Summer.'] ["The story begins with the discovery of an emerging fashion stylist's dead body. Angie Woods, a stylist recognized for succeeding with difficult rejuvenation jobs, is found dead with a razor in her hand. Investigators suggest that Woods committed suicide because of the unattractive hairstyle she was wearing. Smithsonian , a fashion columnist and amateur private investigator, is an acquaintance of Woods and suspects something more sinister; she believes that a notable client of Woods, a congressional staffer with a salacious web site, is somehow implicated. Detective Vic Donovan  is assigned to the case. This causes complications due to his prior romantic affair with Smithsonian.{{cite news}}"] ['Ben Wilson  is a widower haunted by the death of his wife, who has been killed in a freak car accident. He has recently returned to his home town and purchased an old guest house on the outskirts of town, which he is renovating with his young daughter Hillary . When local bus driver Oscar arrives with a tour group from "South California", their leader insists on renting out the rooms at the guest house, pointedly rejecting Ben\'s suggestion that they could stay at his friends\' large hotel in the middle of town. Wilson soon begins to note their peculiar behaviour, manner and dress and Oscar points out the fact that, while they purport to be tourists, they do not carry cameras or take photographs. Shortly after they settle into their rooms another stranger, Quish ([[David Wells , arrives to join the group, and Ben notices the odd fact that Quish\'s clothes have a fine covering of ash. Ben\'s suspicions are heightened by events of the next day. Quish has a minor accident while walking through the town and Wilson helps him, in the process recovering Quish\'s dropped American passport. Looking through it, Ben discovers that the stamps within include locations inside the United States and dates that are many decades apart. The local doctor then shows Ben an X-ray of Quish\'s head, which reveals that there is a mysterious object embedded in his skull. As they leave the surgery, Wilson confronts Quish, having deduced that the stamps correspond to the times and places of famous disasters, including the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake, the crash of the Hindenburg and the Mt St. Helens volcanic eruption . Unnerved, Quish will only respond by warning Wilson to leave town immediately and not return until he is sure it is safe. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to Ben, his vengeful father-in-law, Judge Caldwell  &mdash; who blames Ben for his daughter\'s death &mdash; has secretly arranged to have Hilary taken away from Ben on the grounds that he is an unfit parent. When Ben returns home he finds Hilary gone and confronts the Judge but is threatened with arrest; defeated, he goes to stay at the local hotel. There he visited by Reeve, one of the Tourists, who confirms his suspicions about their true nature: they are time-travellers from the future who visit the scenes of famous disasters as part of a "Grand Tour" of the past. She then gives Ben a euphoric substance and seduces him, leaving him unconscious. Late that night Ben he is found and revived by Oscar and they return to the guest house to find out why the Tourists have come, but minutes later the town is struck by a large meteorite, resulting in almost total destruction. Ben races to the Judge\'s shattered home, where he finds Hilary alive; heading back into town he finds the hotel destroyed and his friends dead, while the Tourists stroll through the devastation with an air of detached fascination. Ben and Hilary work through the night helping the survivors, who are taken to Hilary\'s local school, which has become the local disaster relief centre. When Ben and Oscar return to the guest house the next day, Ben is alarmed to discover that, although the tourists have left the house, their luggage is still there. He and Oscar track them to an abandoned factory outside the town, where Ben realises that they are awaiting a second disaster which is about to strike the school. The tourists try to detain him but he evades them and races to the scene hoping to save Hilary. Meanwhile, maintenance workers accidentally damage a gas pipe line in the boiler room of the school and just as Ben arrives a hurricane lamp in the gymnasium ignites the leaking gas, destroying the school in a massive blast and killing most of the people inside, including Hilary and Quish, who has followed Ben to the building. Ben regains consciousness to find that he has been taken prisoner by the Tourists and that an official from their time, the Undersecretary , has arrived to investigate and try to remedy the disruptions to Ben\'s "Timescape". He explains that his people have discovered that time is more resilient than they had first believed but, because of the changes enacted by Ben and the Tourists, all time excursions have been suspended pending a full investigation. Just before they depart Ben attacks Reeve for her lack of humanity, but as she leaves she embraces him, secretly slipping Quish\'s passport into his hand. On examining the passport Ben discovers that it conceals one of the Tourists\' time travel devices. He eventually makes it work, and returns to the previous evening to try and save his daughter and the townsfolk from the disaster. Realising that Hilary is then at her grandfather\'s house, he tries to sneak her away but he is caught and thrown into jail, which is itself soon to be destroyed. However he convinces the deputy to allow him his one phone call and manages to contact his pre-existing self at the hotel, just as that self is meeting with Reeve. This alternate self helps the \'original\' Ben to escape from the jail and together they manage to alert and save most of the people by ringing the bells in the old church on the other side of town. Leaving Hilary with his \'earlier\' self, the \'original\' Ben walks through the scene of the impact; there he is again confronted by the Undersecretary, who had returned to take Ben back to his proper point in time. He warn Ben not to interfere any further and threatens to alter the past again to eliminate Ben\'s actions, but Ben challenges him by arguing that if the Undersecretary\'s assertions were true, his people would have already done so. In the final scene, we see Hilary taking bookings for the now-completed guest house while Ben reads through old love letters from his late wife. When Hilary looks up, Ben has vanished, and as the movie closes Hilary suddenly hears and is drawn towards the sound of someone playing her mother\'s favourite tune on the piano.'] ["A team of American scientists and students of science  are exploring the Turkish/Armenian border. Meanwhile, a group of American soldiers  are on a mission to capture a terrorist leader. But a far more deadly threat than terrorists are hidden in the woods, man-eating Pteranodon. The two very different camps have to join forces in order to escape this new terror. Michael and Kate are leading a group of teenagers through a science expedition. The students are Gwen, Jason, Willis and Angie. They discover mounds of pterodactyl feces. While the others examine the spore, Angie wanders off and decides to go for a swim. When she jumps into the water a pterodactyl attacks her. She barely escapes and runs into Jason, who goes to investigate. When he finds the lake, the pterodactyl kills him. Angie tells the others and Michael goes to find Jason. That night, Captain Bergen and his squad capture the terrorist and find Michael and his group camping, so they decide to follow them. The next morning, Michael's jeep is ambushed by a group of Russian terrorists. When the pterodactyls attack, Captain Bergen and his squad rescue some of the group but cannot save Gwen. During the attack Angie is wounded and dies. Several soldiers also die gruesome deaths. After the attack, Captain Bergen and his two remaining soldiers find a shelter. Bergan and Serling kill a pterodactyl and Kate is abducted. When the others regroup in the shelter, a pterodactyl bites Willis' ankle. Michael kills the dinosaur by shooting it through the eyes. Some of the group stays at the shelter, while the rest continue to the pterodactyl nest. Zelasny dies from her wounds and Willis is killed by pterodactyls. In the nest, Kate finds Clarke being eaten alive. She grabs his walkie-talkie and calls Bergen. While Bergen tries to distract a pterodactyl, the terrorist steals a gun and points it at Michael's neck, but his head is sliced off. When the rescue line for Kate snaps, Serling grabs Kate to swing to Michael. Serling slips off the rope, falling to the rocks below. Bergen salutes his soldier and runs off as Serling dies. As they get off the mountain, the last pterodactyl attacks. Bergen fires a missile but is killed. Michael keeps the missile on target and kills the dinosaur. As Kate and Michael walk away, a baby Tyranosaurus emerges from the volcano's crater."] ['Orphaned and left in the desert as an infant, Evil Roy Slade  grew up alone—save for his teddy bear—and mean. As an adult, he is notorious for being the "meanest villain in the West"—so he\'s thrown for quite a loop when he falls for sweet schoolteacher Betsy Potter . There\'s also Nelson L. Stool , a railroad tycoon, who, along with his dimwitted nephew Clifford , is trying to get revenge on Evil Roy Slade for robbing him.'] ['Retired US Marshal Matt Dillon, now a fur trapper, is shot by thieves, brought back to Dodge, and nursed by Kitty Russell, played by Amanda Blake. He is hunted by vengeful past nemesis Mannon, who holds a battered Kitty hostage in exchange for a showdown.'] ['Olivia , is young, beautiful, brilliant, and effortlessly charming. She is a dedicated charity worker, responsible for establishing free clinics across the country for poor women. When she meets millionaire Danny Keegan , the pair soon form a relationship and he falls for her. However, it soon becomes clear that not everyone admires Olivia. Danny’s college friend, Melanie , a photo journalist for the Los Angeles Tribune, thinks that there is something suspicious about Olivia and soon wants to learn more about the mysterious woman. With the help of her assistant, Finn , Melanie discovers the truth about Olivia, finding out that her Ph.D. is fake, that she is responsible for many acts of embezzlement and that she has another lover on the side. Then she discovers Olivia’s numerous identities, the multiple marriages that have left her very rich, and the suspicious deaths of each of her husbands. Soon enough, Olivia realises that Melanie is on to her and begins to take action against her. She will do anything to protect herself, even if it comes to murder.'] ['{{plot}} 15 year old Matt Freeman is the youngest member to be inducted into his school\'s Honor Society. His hard-working, middle-class parents, Dan and Susan Freeman are thrilled that they have one "good" child as they are trying to control their oldest daughter, Alex, who is smoking, having sex with her boyfriend, and failing her classes. During math class, Matt meets Francesca Howell, daughter of the rich Dr. & Juliana Howell. Seeing she is struggling in math, Matt offers to tutor her. Very quickly, Francesca & Matt develop feelings and start going out. Francesca admits to Matt that she has already had sex and finds it to be a stress reliever from having to live up to her parents\' high expectations. One day after school, Matt ditches his best friend, Blaire, goes over to Francesca\'s house and has sex with her. The next day, he admits to Francesca that he isn\'t ready for that kind of relationship and asks to remain good friends. Not long after, Francesca notices she is gaining weight and struggles to keep it hidden from her parents, especially her mother, who is overly critical of her appearance. A few days later, she tells Matt her period is late and they walk to a nearby convenience store, where Matt steals a pregnancy test which comes back positive. Francesca\'s parents quickly notice something is wrong, but believe she is on drugs. Her father finally realizes what is wrong when he sees her throwing up one morning. Dr. Howell calls Matt\'s mother, who is completely shocked and angry, but is quick to assure Matt that she loves him. Matt tells Blaire, who is quick to blame Francesca for the pregnancy and confides to Matt she is worried that what happened will destroy their friendship. Susan calls Dan, who is on a business trip and is unable to make it back in time to meet with the Howells. At the meeting, the Howells explain that Francesca is 5 months pregnant, so the pregnancy cannot be terminated. He also explains that their health insurance covers prenatal care up to 80%, leaving the Freemans to pay the rest. More importantly, Dr. Howell explains to Matt that he believes a closed adoption in an out-of-state placement is the only way to provide the baby with a good solid home and to give both Matt and Francesca their lives back. Matt seems hesitant about placing his child for adoption, but reluctantly agrees when his mother explains it is the only way to safeguard his future. A little later, Susan receives a call from Matt\'s school principal informing her that Matt and Francesca are being involuntarily transferred to a local alternative school for teenage parents, as per school policy. Susan begs the principal not to remove Matt, citing how much he loves school and how upsetting it would be to him and his academic future. The principal sets up a meeting for Susan and Matt to present their case. All around tensions become high. Dr. Howell is not allowing Matt to see Francesca, Alex is clashing with her parents who are insisting she go to college instead of taking a year off to work, and his parents are struggling to help pay Francesca\'s prenatal care expenses. Much to his mother\'s shock and fury, at his school appeal meeting, Matt tells his principal that he wants to transfer to the alternative school with Francesca. He tries to explain to his mother that he feels obligated to go and that he will now be able to get a job to help pay the bills. Matt gets a job at a pizza parlor, but tensions in the family still continue to increase. Matt excels at his job, even though his boss forces him to work later than is legally allowed. Though he gives all of his earnings to his parents, the bills remain high, so Matt starts selling his video games to make extra money. Quickly noticing how tired he is, Matt\'s mother demands that he keep some of his wages for emergencies and allow her to bring him to and from work everyday. She tells Matt how proud she is of him for the way he has acted since Francesca became pregnant. Closer to Francesca\'s due date, the Howells and Freemans meet with a lawyer, who asks Matt and Francesca to sign papers agreeing to surrender the baby to an adoption agency. The lawyer explains that the child\'s birth certificate will be re-issued to show only the adoptive parents, with no mention of any adoption. Matt, who has been struggling with placing his child, reluctantly signs the paper. One night, when Matt catches his mother looking through his baby book, he admits that he can\'t stand knowing that he will never see any pictures of - or even know - his baby. Matt\'s mother understands and asks Dan if he would consider helping Matt raise the baby. Dan is hesitant, saying that the family made a decision and they would have to stick with it. Meanwhile, Susan and Dan mend relations with Alex and apologize for making her feel like a loser because her dreams and goals differ from their intended plans for her. In mid-June, Dr. Howell calls the Freemans to tell them Francesca is going into labor. Dan warns Susan not to go with Matt to the hospital because they\'ll both get too attached to the baby, but Susan and Matt go anyway. At the hospital, Dr. Howell explains, rather rudely, that Francesca gave birth to a baby girl and didn\'t want to hold the baby. Matt, asked Dr. Howell that he wanted to see Francesca but, Dr. Howell told him that she didn\'t want to see him and, hoping that Matt won\'t take it personally. He tells them the baby is in the nursery, and will remain there until she is given to her adoptive parents. Susan and Matt go the nursery to see her, and Matt immediately falls in love with the baby. Dr. Howell is furious to see Matt holding the baby, since Matt has technically signed away his parental rights. Susan tells Dr. Howell that Matt has every right to see his baby and reminds him that the adoption won\'t be final for six months. Back at the house, Alex convinces her father to go with her to the hospital to see the baby. With the family all together at the nursery, Matt begs his parents to let him keep his daughter, and both agree without hesitation. Matt goes back to the lawyer and gets his parental rights returned. He names his new daughter Genevieve and brings her home, where she receives a warm welcome from Susan, Dan, Alex, and Blaire.'] ['Down-and-out New York detective Eddie Mallard  finds himself involved in the weirdest case of his career when a wealthy man asks for his help in stopping his ex-wife  from harassing him. Mallard finds that the case may be too much for him when he discovers that the woman died ten years ago – and that he is falling in love with her. This movie was originally created for HBO.'] ['Abigail Scanlon and Parker Wald are best friends since childhood who return to their small hometown of Lambert, Louisiana from New York City for a visit. After running into old friends, they learn that their close friend, Rachel, has lost the love of her life, Tony, to their ex-friend, Caitlin, a conniving gold-digger who pretends to be pregnant to trick Tony into marrying her. Intent upon preventing a loveless marriage, Parker and Abigail go "undercover" as Caitlin\'s bridesmaids to sabotage the wedding. Along the way, Caitlin\'s tightly-wound mother, Olivia, works hard to keep Abigail and Parker at bay as Parker falls for the town detective and one of Tony\'s groomsman, Henry. The bridesmaids put their best-laid plans in motion only to see them go outrageously awry. As a result, the trio are arrested by Henry, but Parker convinces him to release them. So Abigail, Parker, and Rachel sneak into the wedding and kidnap Caitlin. They take her to the hospital for a pregnancy test and trick her into admitting the truth. At the wedding ceremony Tony lies to Caitlin that his family lost their fortunes which leads to her canceling the wedding and storming off. After Caitlin is gone, Tony gets on one knee and proposes to Rachel and revels that lied and he is still rich. At the end of the film, Parker stars in a major action film, Rachel marries Tony, and Abigail sells her book on their antics as bridesmaids.'] ["In 1947 New Mexico, a radio operator receives a bizarre signal, coming from Roswell. He decides to investigate the signal's origin and goes out to follow it, to never be seen again. Present day and the same signal is received from the South Pole and then retransmitted from the Falkland Islands to the United States. A satellite image captures an unknown object sitting on the Antarctic snow. Cryptologist Julien Rome , a teacher at Berkeley University, is invited to investigate the mystery and he is sent to an Antarctic research base, which includes a huge greenhouse of genetically modified plants being studied by the scientists. They found what appears to be an alien vehicle frozen in a huge block of ice. The unknown object is shaped like a shell or pod and is emitting the mysterious encrypted signal. Once it is freed of the ice Julien discovers that it has a powerful static electric charge on its surface and painfully shocks anyone who touches it. While Julien is trying to decrypt the signal, another team works to open the alien shell. They succeed in cutting the lid off which allows an viscous alien liquid to pour out. An alien also escapes and at the same time as an airborne virus sealed in the shell kills four members of the scientific team by melting them from within. The virus also kills all the plants, making them wilt and turn brown. The virus has an unusually high speed of transmission and extreme virulence. It kills anyone within a few minutes of exposure. The government is aware of the alien virus and the global risk that it poses. They ask a Russian nuclear submarine to fire a nuclear missile at the base before the threat can spread. As the submarine nears its firing position, Julien manages to communicate with the alien before it is unfortunately killed by one of the survivors. Julien realises that if any of the survivors leave the base alive, the lethal alien virus will cause a pandemic destroying all life on earth. He and three others, Shelly, Kate, and Dr. Straub, are rescued from the base by an alien spacecraft  just a few seconds before the missile hits. In the aftermath, the government mounts a cover-up campaign by claiming that an experimental nuclear reactor at the base went into melt-down, destroying all of the facilities and killing everyone. The film ends with the alien spacecraft, still carrying the human survivors, leaving the solar system."] ["On a hot summer night in Provincetown, Momma Tillerman abandons her four children, thirteen-year-old Dicey, ten-year-old James, nine-year-old Maybeth, and six-year-old Sammy, in a mall. With only a change of underwear, a map, and nine dollars, Dicey, James, Maybeth, and Sammy take off on foot to Bridgeport where their nearest known relative, Aunt Cilla, lives. Along the way, Dicey struggles to care for and protect her siblings. After finally arriving at Aunt Cilla’s, Eunice, their cousin, tells them that Aunt Cilla had died last spring. Eunice consults Father Joseph, who decides that the children may stay but only temporarily. Eunice tells Dicey of Abigail Tillerman, their grandmother, who lives in Crisfield, Maryland, and gives them some money. Dicey decides to take her siblings to their grandmother's house, but upon arriving they realize they do not know where she lives. While stopping at a store, a woman tells them that Abigail doesn’t have a phone and is isolated clear out of town. Dicey decides to meet her alone, so she leaves James in charge of Maybeth and Sammy. After knocking on the door and getting no answer, Dicey goes around back to see Mrs. Tillerman sitting on the back porch. Dicey asks if she can do anything to help on the farm. Mrs. Tillerman silently marches back into the house before asking Dicey to join her Inside, she questions Dicey about her thoughts on death and other such morbid things. When realizes she needs to just get up and leave, Abigail tells Dicey that Eunice wrote to warn her the children would be coming and that she knows who Dicey is. However, she will not let the children stay. Dicey fires back, stating she doesn't want to stay. In the midst of the fierce conversation that ensues, Abigail begins to laugh and softens Dicey’s mood a little. Abigail and Dicey takes her boat to pick up the other children, and Dicey is scared when she doesn't see her siblings. Eventually, Dicey and Abigail find Sammy, who says James and Maybeth wanted to meet Abigail themselves and have already left. They return to Abigail's to find James and Maybeth just arriving. Over the next few days, the children help their grandmother around the farm and with the cooking and Abigail begins to warm toward them. However, Abigail tells Dicey she can't let the children stay with her as she is too old, has no money and fears making the same mistakes she made with her own children. She insists the children must go back to Bridgeport and arranges for them to take the morning bus. As they wait for the bus, defeated, Abigail realizes she wants the children to stay."] ['Three years ago, a team of astronaut miners completed a daring space expedition. They embarked on their journey home, but by the time the craft returned to Earth, their commander had gone mad—taking a terrible secret with him to a heavily guarded state asylum for the insane. Today, archeologist Lloyd Walker and entomologist Marianne Winters are among a select group of people who are questioning a possible link between the tragic space mission, the mystery of the commander’s madness, and a series of bizarre disappearances and strange accidents in San Francisco. The answer arrives when they stumble upon an underground colony of insect-like creatures harvesting human bodies for survival. Liz, now an employee of the mayor’s office, knows all too well the secret of the aliens. She is their Earth Queen. The city’s highest representatives are her consorts. With police and government officials taken over by aliens masquerading as humans, Lloyd and Marianne realize they can trust no one, except Phillips, the one man who knows the ultimate goal of the aliens. He also holds the mysterious key to their defeat—it’s in his blood. He is the commander himself—the sole mission survivor being held as prisoner. Lloyd and Marianne must find him before he becomes a victim of an unearthly experiment.'] ['After a brief flash-forward to Frank Sinatra as an old man, saying "I miss my guys," the movie\'s main narrative begins during high points in the solo careers of the Rat Pack: Dean Martin has become a big success despite the breakup of his partnership with Jerry Lewis; Sinatra\'s career is at its peak; Sammy Davis, Jr., is making a comeback after a near fatal car crash, and standup comic Joey Bishop is gaining exposure as an opening act for the other three. The Pack becomes complete when Sinatra reconciles with actor Peter Lawford, who has been ostracized since being seen out publicly with Sinatra\'s ex-wife, Ava Gardner. Lawford has married Patricia Kennedy. Abandoning a notion to seduce Pat for his own amusement, Sinatra becomes more interested in her brother John\'s political ambitions. He sincerely believes Jack Kennedy would be a great president, but he also feels having a friend in the White House could benefit his own public image. Sinatra arranges for the entire Pack to perform at a JFK campaign fund-raiser. Sinatra also knows Kennedy\'s infatuation with the opposite sex and introduces him to Marilyn Monroe, who begins seeing Kennedy behind the back of her husband, baseball star Joe DiMaggio. Kennedy\'s pompous father, Joseph P. Kennedy, feels Sinatra\'s mob ties might hurt Jack\'s chances of defeating Richard Nixon in the election of 1960. He insists that Sinatra help the campaign from behind the scenes only; hypocritically, he also asks Sinatra to use those same mob ties to swing the West Virginia unions\' support Kennedy\'s way. Meanwhile, the Rat Pack continues to enjoy success in Hollywood and Las Vegas, often combining their stage acts for joint performances. They even parlay their friendship into a movie collaboration, Ocean\'s Eleven, working and playing together at the same time, enjoying wine, women and song. Davis is sometimes secretly hurt by the racist jokes of their stage act, especially after his girlfriend, actress May Britt, insinuates that the rest of the Pack is laughing at him, not with him. Davis has a more serious brush with racism when he and Britt announce their engagement, which results in a mixed-marriage protest in front of Davis\'s hotel. Davis day-dreams about scaring the protesters away with a song and dance routine in which he wields a gun. But he concedes the possible political repercussions of an interracial marriage. He postpones the wedding to avoid hurting Sinatra, who had agreed to serve as best man. In the White House, President Kennedy seeks to renew his friendship with Sinatra. The two go sailing and plan for Kennedy to stay at Sinatra\'s Palm Springs residence during an upcoming West Coast presidential trip. Thrilled by the idea, Sinatra returns home and arranges for a guest compound to be built for Kennedy and his entourage. However, the FBI finds a potential mafia link to the White House through a woman, Judy Campbell, who shared phone calls, and possibly affairs, with both Kennedy and mob boss Sam "Momo" Giancana after being introduced by Sinatra to each. Kennedy\'s brother, attorney general Bobby Kennedy, insists that the President cancel his stay at Sinatra\'s house and cut off all ties to the entertainer. This enrages Sinatra, who had sunk a lot of money and time into the renovation and had been at least partially responsible for Kennedy\'s being elected president. Sinatra takes out his wrath on Peter Lawford, who as Kennedy\'s brother-in-law was Sinatra\'s direct link to the White House. Lawford finds himself repeatedly serving as a messenger between Sinatra and the Kennedys, including JFK\'s secret dalliances with Monroe, and he is sick of it. Lawford dreads delivering the news of Kennedy\'s decision to cancel his visit to Sinatra\'s house and stay instead with Bing Crosby, a Republican. A furious Sinatra physically throws Lawford out of his home and vows never to forgive him. The movie depicts this incident as the beginning of the end of the Rat Pack\'s influence in both politics and entertainment.'] ['Dr. Scott McKenzie  is a college professor and ardent fan of the gunslinger culture of the Old West. A year ago, McKenzie watched his wife and son die in a car crash caused by a drunk driver attempting to flee the police. With his friend, General Joe Brodsky , McKenzie attends an auction of Wild West memorabilia, where they agree to bid on a pair of steamer trunks and split the contents between them. As the auction is conducted, flashbacks show the items\' histories in the 19th century. At the time a man, Joseph Cole , is looking for a gunslinger who has a pair of distinctive ebony-handled pistols marked with stars. Some cowboys he encounters on the road point him towards the town of Crossfire, California. At the town saloon, he inquires about the man but is harassed by a trio of local thugs, one of whom shoots at him, hitting instead one of the trunks which Dr. McKenzie is bidding on in the present. Cole quickly shoots all three men dead, an event memorialized by a local photographer. In the present, McKenzie and Brodsky win the trunks at auction and McKenzie begins sorting through the contents, noticing the picture of the men who Cole killed. Under photo enhancement, McKenzie notices Cole in the background of the picture and identifies the gun Cole is carrying as a .357 Magnum from the 1980s. Despite this, chemical and spectroscopic testing indicates that the photograph is at least 100 years old. McKenzie becomes convinced that Cole is a time traveler. After writing up his findings, he is approached by a woman, Georgia Crawford , who claims to be working on similar ideas. Together they locate Crossfire in the present. When they split up to search the town, Georgia ducks into an old barn and removes a crystalline device which she uses to travel back to the 1880s. There she searches for Cole at a nearby river, but her horse is spooked by a rattlesnake. She dispatches the snake with a futuristic gun. Hurrying back to town, she is followed by Cole, who had observed her from afar. He arrives too late to stop her from traveling to the present, but he uses a device of his own to find out the time to which she traveled. In the present, McKenzie hears a noise and arrives at the barn just in time to see Georgia return from the past. When he confronts her, she admits to being one of a number of time travelers from the 26th century. Returning to McKenzie\'s home she explains that Cole is a renegade scientist from her time who she has been sent back to stop. She believes that Cole, who developed the time travel technology with her father, is intending to change history. Through research, Georgia and McKenzie determine that Cole is likely trying to kill Matthew Crawford, an adviser to President Grover Cleveland. The gunfighter who Cole is searching for, the mysterious "Star-Handled Stranger," was a gunslinger who crucially helped protect the President and his escort from bandits. Matthew Crawford was Georgia\'s ancestor and killing him would erase her entire family from history, including her father who had opposed Cole\'s desire to continue research on time travel. McKenzie and Georgia enlist Joe Brodsky\'s help in determining President Cleveland\'s movements, but before Brodsky can give them the information, Cole murders him and flees into the past. Finding a copy of the information, they discover that Cole is traveling back to July 11, 1886, when the mysterious "Star-Handled Stranger" helped save President Cleveland from a bandit attack. Traveling back in time to 1886, Georgia and McKenzie watch as the attack begins. When the Stranger arrives on the scene and tries to enter the attack, he is shot dead by Cole. McKenzie then takes the Stranger\'s signature pistols and rides towards the battle himself. Cole follows him. While McKenzie manages to kill the attacking bandits, Cole shoots Matthew Crawford. McKenzie then kills Cole in a one-on-one duel. Returning to the stagecoach, Georgia and McKenzie discover that Matthew Crawford was merely wounded. As the stagecoach drives off, Georgia and McKenzie return to the present where Georgia gives him a gift before returning to her own time. She is somehow able to send the knowledge of the death of McKenzie\'s wife and child back to his earlier self so that he is able to save their lives.'] ['Father and Scout chronicles the tale of love and love lost within a family. Writer Spencer Paley agrees to go on a getaway father-son camping trip with his son Michael. Their love is tested and ultimately endures. The film explores the complex relationship between parents and offspring.'] ["An explosive situation erupts when a mob war thrusts a yakuza, an ex-cop, and his adolescent daughter into a deadly, no-win situation. Booted in disgrace from the L.A. police force Bob Malone suffers a seemingly endless unlucky streak. Matters don't improve when a robbery led by a crazed criminal transpires at the bank where Malone is filling out foreclosure papers. Witnessing the crime, something inside Malone snaps and he single-handedly wipes out most of the robber gang. Unfortunately, the ringleader escapes and Malone ends up jailed by his corrupt former colleague Lt. Tony Dussecq. At the same time, two Japanese yakuza arrive in L.A. to deliver a special message to L.A.'s most prominent Mafia don. The yakuza are in a restaurant when the bank robber  bursts in and threatens to blow the place up. One of the Japanese, Koji, intervenes in an explosive sequence. He too ends up at the police station just as Malone's feisty teen daughter Chelsea arrives with bail money. The yakuza suddenly escapes, taking Chelsea and Malone with him as hostages. Now pursued by the crooked coppers and the mob, the unlikely threesome have no choice but to team up to survive."] ['Augustus is on his death bed. He looks back on his life to a conversation he had with his beloved daughter, Julia. After an attempt on Augustus\' life, he is shocked to learn his closest friend and Julia\'s husband Marcus Agrippa is dead. Livia suggests that for the safety of Rome, her stepdaughter Julia should marry her son Tiberius. Her reluctance to marry Tiberius causes Augustus to sit down and tell her the story of how he became the emperor of Rome. He recalls 46 BC Rome is in the middle of a civil war. Together with his friend Marcus Agrippa, the young Octavius  goes to Spain in order to help Julius Caesar battle the troops of Pompey. Even though they are outnumbered they manage to defeat Pompey. Caesar honours his adopted son Octavius with a triumphal entry into Rome and then sends him to Macedonia together with Agrippa and the son of Caesar\'s friend, Maecenas. There Octavian hears the news of Caesar\'s assassination and he returns to Rome with his friends. Back in Rome he is able to gain both the support of the people and Cicero. In his struggle with the conspirators against the murder of Caesar and claiming his new share of the empire, he finds an ally in Mark Antony, Caesar\'s right-hand man. Mark Antony not only pursues Brutus and Cassius, he also initiates a wave of executions, which practically eliminates the old Roman ruling class. Among those who are killed is the husband of Livia. Octavian marries Livia and divorces his wife Scribonia on the day she gave birth to their daughter Julia. In accordance with the laws of Rome claiming sole custody of his newborn baby. Julia resents Augustus\'s treatment of her mother. Octavian and Mark Antony defeat Brutus and Cassius at the Battle of Phillipi. Octavian and Mark Antony at first share the empire. However Antony has become the lover of the Egyptian queen Cleopatra, having been taken in by the Egyptian culture of divinity. After Antony humiliates Octavian\'s elder sister Octavia by casting her out of his house and divorcing her, Rome declares war on Cleopatra. Agrippa defeats Antony at the Battle of Actium and after a successful military campaign Octavian becomes the sole ruler of the Roman Empire and in doing so takes the great name of Augustus. However he tells Maecenas that he will never be king of Rome. Octavian spares Iullus, Antony\'s son by his first wife, and sends him to Rome on Octavia\'s request to be raised as her son. In present day Augustus\'s rule Rome experiences a period of peace, prosperity and an age where art and culture flourish. Agrippa and Maecenas are both dead. Livia is Augustus\'s principal advisor. She is envious of Julia, the mother of Augustus\' heirs and the person Augustus claims that "[he] has never loved anyone as much as [her]". Julia is upset her husband\'s death as she was very fond of him and is upset when Augustus forces her to marry Livia\'s son Tiberius for whom she has an intense dislike for. Tiberius is also upset to divorce his wife whom he loves, although he does not dislike Julia and pities his stepsister, knowing how little happiness she has had in her life. Augustus sends Tiberius away to fight in a campaign. However before leaving Tiberius scolds him for his treatment of Julia, saying "you destroy everything you love." Julia admits to her father that she loves Iullus Antonius. Iullus  wish to end Augustus\' reign and form a regency over Julia and Agrippa\'s sons. In the beginning it is Iullus who paid the assassin to kill Augustus. He then attempts to seduce Julia in order to get close to Augustus and avenge his father\'s death. However upon watching Julia being forced to marry Tiberius, Iullus realises that he has fallen in love with her. Augustus tells Julia that she can continue to see Iullus  but tells her that he hopes, eventually, she will come to see him for what he is and learn to live without him. Tiberius returns from his campaign. He shocks Julia in her room and accuses her of having an affair with Iullus. She tells him their marriage is a sham and orders him to return to the northern borders else she will have her father throw him in prison as a deserter. Tiberius threatens to find Iullus and kill him. However when Julia still refuses to submit to Tiberius he attacks and rapes her. Julia suffers a mental breakdown after the rape and confides to Iullus how miserable her life has been under her father\'s control. In her sorrow she tells him that sometimes she wishes her father were already dead just so her suffering would end. Iullus recites Julia\'s misery to Scipio and he comes upon with a plan to kill Augustus themselves. They agree not to tell Julia of the plan. Tiberius, who is still planning to kill Iullus for infidelity with his wife, overhears the plot and informs his mother. Livia decides that they will catch Iullus in the act and in doing so would rid themselves of Julia also. Iullus uses his position in the imperial household to gain access to Augustus\' chambers. However the plan is foiled when the noise alerts Livia, Julia and Tiberius to the scene. Tiberius fatally wounds Iullus and saves Augustus. Scipio and Iullus are revealed to be the assassins just as Julia enters. Before he is taken away Iullus tells Julia "I did it for you." Augustus goes to the senate and orders them to exile Julia from Rome. They refuse due to her popularity with the people and the fact she is his daughter but Augustus demands they obey him. As he leaves the senate he instantly regrets it, stating that had Maecenas been alive he would never have allowed him to exile Julia. She tells him she was unaware of the plot but Augustus tells her for her own safety she must leave Rome. He insists on keeping her children. Julia finally tells Augustus that her life was a torture and it would have been kinder to kill her when she was born. Julia leaves saying that she, at least, loved her children. Upon sending Julia away Augustus breaks down into tears. The scene returns to his death bed. Gaius and Lucius are dead, Julia is still in exile and Tiberius is heir to the throne. Before he dies Augustus cries out for Julia but Livia and Tiberius tell him she is not there. Then to everyone\'s surprise Julia, in a cape for disguise, enters. Happy to see his daughter again he holds out his hand to her and asks for forgiveness but she refuses to take his hand. Augustus is upset but understands. His final words are to Julia, asking "Did I play my part well in the comedy of life?" to which Julia replies "The gods will tell you, father." Augustus dies. Livia goes to place his death mask on but Julia takes it from her, kisses her father on the forehead and places it herself over her father\'s smiling dead face.'] ["Heather  is the head-lifeguard on a Malibu beach, alongside her ex-boyfriend Chavez , Doug  and Barb . Also on the beach are Jenny , a teenage girl who is reluctantly cleaning the beach for community service after she got caught shoplifting, and Bryan , Barb's boyfriend who proposes to her. Meanwhile, a tremor unleashes a group of prehistoric goblin sharks who begin to devour swimmers along the beach. Chavez travels to a nearby house that is undergoing construction and meets with the workers Colin , who is Heather's new boyfriend, George , Yancey  and Karl . A warning of a tsunami arises and Chavez returns to the beach, saving Heather who had been knocked into the water by a shark after being sent to investigate some people causing trouble in the water. Doug and Barb evacuate the beach, and take shelter in the lifeguard hut with Heather, Chavez, Jenny and Bryan. As the tsunami hits, Bryan is knocked unconscious and Jenny suffers a large cut on her leg. Heather manages to stitch the cut together, however the blood attracts the goblin sharks, as the group realize they are stranded in the hut, with help unlikely due to the damage the tsunami has created. The sharks soon begin to attack the hut and manage to break the floor, dragging Barb out of the hut and devouring her. As the group mourn Barb's death, the construction crew have become stranded in the house they were working at. Yancey decides to try to swim to land and get help, however she is quickly attacked and eaten by sharks, before a shark jumps up and drags Karl into the water. Soon after, Colin and George discover a boat and begin to travel to the hut. Back at the hut, the group manage to kill one of the sharks, before Chavez swims out of the hut to retrieve a flare gun. The others attempt to distract the sharks, however one attempts to eat Chavez, resulting in him shooting and killing the shark with the flare gun, instead of summoning help. Chavez returns to the hut, before the group move up to the roof as the sharks continue to damage the hut. Colin and George arrive on the boat and everyone boards, but the fuel soon runs out, forcing them to drift to land. After hours, the boat reaches the house that was under construction. The boat becomes stuck on a gate, so George eneters the site to try and find pliers to open the gate. As the rest wait, the sharks arrive. Bryan jumps into the water, sacrificing himself so the rest can escape. Doug, Jenny and Colin manage to get into the flooded house and encounter a shark but manage to kill it, while Heather and Chavez discover a half eaten George, before taking shelter in a car, where they reconcile. Chavez kills another shark, before entering the house with Heather. The group meet up, and manage to trap and kill the final shark. In the morning, a helicopter arrives to rescue Heather, Chavez, Doug, Jenny and Colin."] ["A woman has a hard time embracing reality after a personal tragedy. Molly  is a young widow having a hard time putting her life back together after her husband's death. Molly obsesses over the leftover artifacts of his life, and she believes that his spirit walks the house they used to share, though her attempts to photograph the ghost are a failure. Molly supports herself by working at a photo shop, where the manager  is convinced Molly needs to remarry, and isn't shy about dropping hints. But Molly seems to have built an emotional wall around herself until she meets an uncouth neighbor  who lives in the neighborhood with his uncle. While she doesn't think much of him at first, Molly in time makes friends with the man, and under his spell, she develops a daring and impulsive streak."] ["In 1970, robber Ronnie Purnell is arrested after a robbery and jailed for more than 30 years. Since Purnell's wife was killed during the chase with the police, FBI Special Agent Darryl Kurtz took care of their son Aaron. When Ronnie is released from jail, he decides to take vengeance on Darryl. Aaron has also become a cop and doesn't want to hear about his father anymore, but Aaron's son Matthew is fascinated by his grandfather's past and decides to help him to find his old car, a 1969 Pontiac GTO Judge, in which he stashed a key for a safe containing evidence against Darryl."] ["The movie begins as Chicago Bears running back Gale Sayers  arrives to team practice as an errant punt was sent to Sayers. Running back Brian Piccolo  comes by to retrieve the ball, as Sayers flips the ball to him. Sayers eventually heads into the team headquarters to meet with coach George Halas. During practice, Piccolo struggled, compared to Sayers, who also pranked him by placing mashed potatoes on his seat while Piccolo was singing his alma mater's fight song. Afterwards, Sayers and Piccolo were placed into the same room, a rare sign during this time. Eventually, in a game against the San Francisco 49ers, Sayers excelled, until he injured his knee. To aid in Sayers's recovery, Piccolo brings a weight machine to aid in working his knee. In Sayers's place, Piccolo rushed for 160 yards in a 17-16 win over the Los Angeles Rams, and was given the game ball. Piccolo later challenged Sayers to a running race across the park, where Sayers later stumbled. In their room, Halas handed Piccolo the starting fullback position, and both Piccolo and Sayers would eventually excel in games against teams like the Pittsburgh Steelers. However, in a different game, Piccolo started to show signs of a decline in performance. Eventually, before a loss, Halas revealed to Sayers that Piccolo has cancer. In an emotional speech to the team, Sayers stated that they will give Piccolo the game ball. After a game against the St. Louis Cardinals, Sayers visited Piccolo's wife, who stated that Piccolo has a tumor. After he was awarded the George S. Halas Most Courageous Player Award, Sayers dedicated his speech to Piccolo. In a call, Sayers mentioned that he gave Piccolo a pint of blood to aid him, who was in critical condition. Piccolo would die with his wife by his side, and the movie ends with a flashback of Piccolo and Sayers running through the park."] ['At the film\'s opening, Dan and Sara are experiencing marital fallout. According to their pre-teen children, Clark and Annette, they both underestimate each other\'s role in the family. When a new position with the Saints takes them to New Orleans, the Andersons purchase a dilapidated mansion. Upon arrival, they start fighting worse than ever. The children go up into the attic and discover a book of spells, finding out from their babysitter, the resident voodoo sorceress, that this house once belonged to the most powerful sorceress in the area. Desperate to save their parents marriage, the two cast a spell which inadvertently switches their parents\' bodies. The next morning, Dan wakes up in Sara\'s body, and she likewise. They try to act like nothing has changed, which means they must do each other\'s jobs. After managing for about a day or two, still trying to keep their children  from finding out, Dan  goes to the doctor because he  is feeling sick and discovers that he  is pregnant. The rest of the movie continues in similar fashion: As the two parents live life in the other\'s shoes they grow to understand one another. Thanks to the secret coaching she is receiving from Dan, Sara starts to get better at football. Her nurturing nature leads to her/him implementing the sort of \'reward\' list and tactics usually expected in a classroom. Surprisingly, this encourages the team so much that they start winning match after match. On the other hand, Dan is learning how to keep house and, though still rather uncomfortable, is rather enjoying his/her pregnancy and getting closer to the children in the process. As time passes, both parents really begin to understand what the other was complaining about, commenting on this to one another and wondering if they\'ll ever switch back or if they\'ll be stuck in each other\'s bodies for the rest of their lives. When the pregnancy is about nine months along, the Saints make it to the Super Bowl. If the team wins, the championship will go to Dan, who\'ll never have to worry about money or moving around again. Exhilerated, the parents embrace each other at the table and shout jubilantly at each other. This is heard by the children, who use this opportunity to finally confess all to their parents. The children try to undo the spell, but fail. They call the babysitter, who translates that the spell will reverse once its purpose is complete: when the two parents truly understand each other, they will be restored to their rightful bodies. However, there is a warning clause that implies that unless they manage to undo the spell before the birth of the baby, the spell will be permanent. After the babysitter leaves and parents and children go to bed, Dan and Sara apologize to each other, then kiss, which turns out to be the necessary act of understanding. The next day is the big match, and Dan\'s teammates instantly notice the difference in Dan\'s behaviour. While Sara goes into labor, Dan\'s attempts to motivate his teammates with insults causes them to start fumbling. His son reminds him to forget his old methods of motivation and revert to the "touchy-feely stuff" his wife used. In the hospital, Sara is puffing and panting and swearing and ordering the nurses to bring her a TV. Around the time Dan wins the championship game, Sara finally gives in to nature and gives birth to her new son. Later on, Dan is offered another job, but turns it down for his family.'] ["The film follows 17-year-old Gracie  who, for as long as she can remember, has been raising her four siblings, each of whom has a different, absent father — and their mother  is on the fast track to self-destruction. When these children's lives are about to be pulled apart, Gracie first takes on temporary parental responsibility and finally seeks to gain custody of her brothers."] ['The plot is about Arthur Holmwood\'s efforts to cure the syphilis with which he was born and which killed his father. Arthur learns the truth soon after becoming engaged to Lucy Westenra. He contacts an occult group called the Brotherhood led by a man named Singleton. They say they can indeed clean his polluted blood, but at a price. Lucy\'s best friend is Mina Murray. Her fiancee, Jonathan Harker, has just passed his solicitor’s exams. Arthur hires his firm to convey several properties in England, with Jonathan himself to bring the documents to Count Dracula in Transylvania. Not long after Jonathan leaves, his boss is murdered and all documents about the transaction vanish. Singleton calmly admits to the deed, telling Arthur the "young man" will never return from Transylvania. In Transylvania, Jonathan meets Dracula, but survives only long enough to attract Dracula\'s attention to Mina. Energized by Jonathan\'s blood, Dracula is soon en route to England aboard the Demeter. A newly married Lucy watches the wreck of the ship as it arrives in a storm. With her is Mina, visiting Holmwood Castle in Whitby so the two friends can comfort each other. The Demeter seemingly contains nothing but its dead captain and some cargo. Mina and Lucy both meet a stranger, Count Dracula, at a nearby graveyard. Arthur, enraged to find Dracula in his home , finds himself powerless as Lucy suddenly falls victim to the vampire. Arthur\'s old friend, Dr. Seward, suspects Arthur is somehow involved when he refuses to take Lucy to the hospital and forces Seward at gunpoint to give her a blood transfusion. Lucy dies and Seward is convinced Arthur is in some sense guilty. Seward investigates and finds the Chelsea home of the Brotherhood, where Singleton and others have been murdered. In the basement, surrounded by crosses made of twigs, he finds Van Helsing living like an animal, insisting they must flee at once. Having escaped, Van Helsing explains that he was employed as a folklorist by the Brotherhood to investigate vampires. He found one, and was released with a message to the Brotherhood. The vampire would come to them if invited but wanted property. Frightened of what happened to Van Helsing they sent an innocent  and locked Van Helsing away. Seward confronts Arthur and the truth comes out. As the three go after Lucy , Dracula manages to get to Mina as she lets her cross slip. He is about to bite when Arthur stakes and kills his now-undead bride. Dracula feels it, allowing Mina to escape. Mina now joins them as all four go to Singleton’s home. In the cellar, they confront Dracula who brutally kills Arthur by tearing his head off. Seward manages to stake Dracula from behind. Van Helsing panics, asking if he got the heart and Seward confirms he did. The vampire melts away. The film ends with Van Helsing returning to Holland, pleased with their victory. He bids Seward and Mina farewell. Mina has said her final goodbye to Jonathan, with a hint that she may have a future with Seward. One of London\'s countless beggars looks up as the two of them pass, revealed to be the withered Dracula of the beginning.'] ["The Thomsons are a working class family living in Toronto during the Great Depression. Parents, Thomas Thomson  and Francie Thomson  struggle to provide for their children, Willa , Arthur , Beatrice   and Jakey . 11-year-old Beatrice 'Booky' Thomson is showing her strength in reading and spelling, and has been asked to tutor Georgie Dunlop , an older sixth grader. This thrills Booky, as she has a crush on Georgie and hopes he will ask her to a school dance. But after Georgie gives her a strange gift, she begins to re-evaluate her feelings toward him. Booky's older sister Willa Thomson, has a part time job as a librarian. While at work, Willa meets and is attracted to Russell , a medical student. With her senior year in high school beginning, and even though she knows her family cannot afford it, Willa gives thought toward attending medical school after she graduates. Arthur has an artistic aptitude, and though his parents are supportive of his dreams, his father encourages him to consider a more stable profession, which places a strain on their father-son relationship. Booky goes to the dance with Georgie. He turns up late and surprises her. He kisses her and that's all she talks about."] ['The film begins with the birth of Paris, and Cassandra\'s prophecy that he would be the cause of Troy\'s destruction. Worried, his father King Priam leaves him on Mount Ida, where he is found and raised by the shepherd Agelaus. When he is an adult, he judges Aphrodite as the fairest of the three goddesses, Hera, Athena, and Aphrodite. After awarding her the golden apple she promises him the love of Helen of Sparta, the most beautiful woman in the world. Meanwhile in Sparta, Helen sees in a pool Paris\'s judgement, and happily accepts his choice of her love. She later meets the Mycenaean King, Agamemnon, who has come to claim her sister, Clytemnestra, as his bride, but is also immediately taken by her attractiveness. During the wedding, Helen is kidnapped by two Athenians, Theseus, and his friend Pirithous. They take her to Athens, where Helen falls for Theseus, before her brother Pollux raids Athens and kills him. As he is dying, Theseus stabs Pollux. In Sparta, Helen\'s father Tyndareus rages at his daughter, blaming her for losing his heir. He presents her to the many suitors who seek her hand, bidding them to do as they wish. The suitors draw lots after swearing an oath suggested by clever Odysseus that if anyone disrespect her husband\'s claims to her, they should unite and wage war against him. Odysseus rules himself and Agamemnon out of the lot, since they are both married. They agree to the oath, and Agamemnon\'s brother Menelaus wins. Agamemnon is visibly jealous. Agamemnon suggests to Menelaus that he should have Helen present herself nude before the other suitors, as a way for him to demonstrate that their marriage is worth the suitors\' protection. While Helen is bathing, Clytemnestra tries to dissuade her from doing as Menelaus asks, but is unsuccessful. Before Helen leaves, she says to Clytemnestra, "They can look all they want, but they\'ll never see me." The doors open and Helen walks naked through the crowd of men, to great appreciation. She stops before Menelaus, then turns around and steps onto a dais, putting her naked body in full view of everyone in the room. Agamemnon is clearly feasting his eyes on Helen\'s body throughout her presentation. Meanwhile, Paris\' favorite bull is taken for the Trojan tribute games. Paris insists on competing, despite his father\'s protests. After winning in every competition and being recognized by his sister Cassandra, Paris is welcomed by an overjoyed Priam to Troy. Cassandra and his elder brother Hector are upset at their father\'s decision. Paris is sent to Sparta to draw out a peace treaty with the Atreids, Agamemnon and Menelaus. His treaty is refused and Agamemnon plots to have him murdered. While there, however, he recognizes Helen as she is standing naked on the dais. Later, he prevents her from committing suicide. He then gains her love, and she helps him flee. Together they sail to Troy. When Menelaus finds this out, he demands that his brother launch war on Troy, and the former suitors are gathered to fulfill their oath. But the winds are not in their favor and after a month, a soothsayer reveals that Athena wants Agamemnon to sacrifice his daughter Iphigenia. Agamemnon is horrified, but nevertheless carries out the deed. Helen and Paris arrive at Troy with the Greek army at their heels. Priam is at first reluctant to allow Helen to remain at Troy, until he sees her. When the Greeks send an embassy of Menelaus and Odysseus to demand Helen\'s return, Priam refuses, and the Greeks plan an attack. In the morning, the battle is joined on the beach of Troy, with Hector nearly killed by Agamemnon. The battle ends with the Trojan army\'s crushing defeat and the Greeks camping on the beach. Ten years pass. Agamemnon agrees to end the war with a single combat, between Menelaus and Paris. If Menelaus wins, Helen will be returned. If Menelaus loses, the Trojans may keep her. Whatever the outcome, the Greeks have to leave Troy. Agamemnon cheats, poisoning Menelaus\' javelin without telling him. During the duel Paris is cut and the poison disorientates him. Menelaus, however, does not take advantage of him; instead, they stop fighting and make peace between each other as a fog hides them from view. As the fog lifts, Agamemnon\'s cheating is exposed. Hector challenges Agamemnon to a duel that will end the war—this time, to the death. Achilles takes up the challenge, fighting for Agamemnon, but agrees to fight not for Helen but for his own honor. Achilles easily succeeds in killing Hector. That night Helen, fearing for Paris\'s safety, goes to the seer Cassandra and asks to know what she can do to protect Paris. Cassandra replies that her only choice is to give herself to the Greeks. Helen agrees, presenting herself in Agamemnon\'s tent and offering a trade—her for the body of Hector. Agamemnon refuses, as he does not want his daughter\'s death to be in vain, and chases her around the camp, but Paris arrives in time to save her, challenging Agamemnon for the safety of Troy. Achilles charges at him, but Paris seizes a bow and shoots Achilles in the heel, killing him. Afterwards the Greeks attack him, but he hides and is reunited with Helen. Shortly thereafter, Agamemnon finds him and stabs Paris in the chest after a quick duel. He dies in Helen\'s arms, whispering the word, "goddess". During Paris\' funeral, the Greeks are reported to have sailed away—leaving a massive wooden horse on the shore. It is taken into the city, and Troy celebrates late into the night. When they are all asleep, the Greeks come out and sack the city, slaying Priam and Hecuba. The great Agamemnon seats himself proudly on Troy\'s throne as the new Emperor of the Aegean and Ruler of the World. Agamemnon has his men bring Helen to his throne and orders her to kneel at his feet. Agamemnon strokes Helen\'s hair, then begins to rape her. Menelaus tries to stop him, but is held back by Agamemnon\'s guards. He orders Agamemnon to leave his wife alone, but his brother pays no mind to his commands and continues to rape Helen. Odysseus is also shocked at Agamemnon\'s act, but could do nothing. The next morning, as the Greek soldiers ravage the ruins of Troy of its riches and its people as slaves, Clytemnestra arrives in the royal palace of Troy, where she ventures into the royal pool. There, she finds Agamemnon and Helen, both naked. Agamemnon relaxes in triumph, while Helen lies in a corner, not saying a word. Clytemnestra covers her sister with a robe and sends her away, leaving her  alone with Agamemnon. She tells him she comes for their daughter, Iphigenia. When Agamemnon replies that she is not here, Clytemnestra, having figured out herself, throws a net on her husband and stabs him to death. Helen wanders woefully through the ruined city, finally coming to the spot where Paris was slain. There, she sees an apparition of Paris and they embrace. Helen begs Paris to take her with him to the afterlife, and he tells her that he has prepared a place for her, but she must wait until it is her time. He disappears, and Menelaus crosses her path, sword in hand. Helen prepares for her punishment, but Menelaus can do nothing but feel sorry for her. Helen tells him she cannot love him, but she "will follow". The two head back to the Greek ships, ready to live the rest of their lives as King and Queen of Sparta.'] ['The plot, which is based on events covered by several chapters of Brown\'s book as well as other sources, revolves around four main characters: Charles Eastman né Ohiyesa , a young, mixed-race Sioux doctor educated at Dartmouth and Boston University, who is held up as proof of the success of assimilation; Sitting Bull , the Sioux chief who refuses to submit to U.S. government policies designed to strip his people of their identity, their dignity and their sacred land, the gold-laden Black Hills of the Dakotas; Senator Henry Dawes , an architect of government policy for allotment of Indian lands to individual households to force adoption of subsistence farming; and Red Cloud, whose decision to make peace with the American government and go to a reservation disturbed Sitting Bull. While Eastman and his future wife Elaine Goodale , a reformer from New England and Superintendent of Indian Schools in the Dakotas, work to improve life for Indians on the reservation, Senator Dawes lobbies President Ulysses Grant  for more humane treatment of the Indians. He opposes the adversarial stance of General William Tecumseh Sherman . The Dawes Commission http://www.archives.gov/genealogy/heritage/native-american/dawes.html|Commission to the Five Civilized Tribes , 1893-1914 develops a proposal to break up the Great Sioux Reservation to allow for American demands for land while preserving enough land for the Sioux to live on. The Commission\'s plan is held up by Sitting Bull\'s opposition. He has risen to leadership among the Sioux as one of the last chiefs to fight for their independence. Dawes, in turn, urges Eastman to help him convince the recalcitrant tribal leaders. After witnessing conditions on the Sioux reservation, Eastman refuses. The prophet Wovoka  raised Western Indian hopes with his spiritual movement based on a revival of religious practice and the ritual Ghost Dance; it was a messianic movement that promised an end of their suffering under the white man. The assassination of Sitting Bull and the massacre of nearly 200 Indian men, women and children by the 7th Cavalry at Wounded Knee Creek on December 29, 1890 ended such hopes. Henry L. Dawes\' wanted to increase the cultural assimilation of Native Americans into American society by his Dawes Act  and his later efforts as head of the Dawes Commission. During the 47 years of implementing the Act, Native Americans lost about 90 million acres  of treaty land, or about two-thirds of their 1887 land base. About 90,000 Indians were made landless. The Implementation of the Dawes Act disrupted Native American tribes\' communal life, culture, and unity.{{cite book}}Gibson, Arrell M. Gibson. "Indian Land Transfers." Handbook of North American Indians: History of Indian-White Relations, Volume 4. Wilcomb E. Washburn & William C. Sturtevant, eds. Washington DC: Smithsonian Institution, 1988. pp. 226–29'] ["Lizzie  and Alex Brooks  are a fairy tale young couple, wildly in love and the parents of a little girl named Emma. Without warning, Lizzie suffers a stroke at the age of twenty-four. Alex is informed by the hospital doctors that Lizzie has slipped into a deep coma and there is nothing to do but wait to see if she comes out of it. Determined to keep his vow to love Lizzie in sickness and in health, Alex decides to bring her home to care for her. Gail, Lizzie's best friend, helps and consoles Alex. However, Gail's help extends further when she aids in raising Emma as well. When Gail's husband is killed in a car crash, Alex, Gail and Emma form a practical family unit of their own. Twenty years after her stroke, Lizzie wakes up. Miraculously, she is pronounced perfectly healthy and begins to try to assimilate back into a world that has radically changed. Emma, who is about to be married, is thrilled to have her mother back, as are Alex and Gail. But, Lizzie's presence is also confusing for all of them as she attempts to move back into the place she rightfully occupies in their lives."] ["A research team, including Joanne , Damon , Gary  and Phil , deploy small UAVs from a C130 Hercules, to interfere with a storm. At first the group celebrate a good result, however a large storm begins to develop. Meanwhile, Charlie , an ex-scientist, is in town to promote his new book, with his assistant Nora  in the  town of Harrisford, Oregon. As Charlie does a book signing at a local book shop, the storm hits the town. Charlie and Nora narrowly escape death; however, the storm kills many others. Just outside town, a young couple Eric  and Ashley  are traveling to meet with Charlie as part of their university course. Eric notices a strange weather pattern however Ashley takes no notice, as she is in a rush to get to the book signing. In town, Nora is taken to hospital for injuries while Charlie meets up with his old friend Joanne and also Damon, who have rushed to the scene after their computers detected the storm. Joanne wishes to stop the program and so orders Damon to phone their backer Frank . However Frank tells Damon he will not stop the experiment until it has been completed and so allows the small UAVs to continue flying. Meanwhile, another storm freezes a farmer. Charlie, Joanne and Damon rush to the scene where they discover one of the UAVs that has crashed. Joanne tells Charlie about the experiment. Nora then phones Charlie. She is leaving town for the TV show Charlie has an appearance on later that day. Meanwhile, Eric and Ashley arrive at the book signing to discover it has finished and begin to leave town. Charlie, Joanne and Damon travel back to their experiment site, where they meet up with Gary and Phil. Charlie comes up with a theory of how the UAVs are causing the storms, and Damon tells Joanne Frank has not aborted the experiment. Angrily, Joanne phones Frank to warn him, but Frank rejects her calls. As Eric and Ashley leave town, a tornado forms. Nora's car is hit by debris. After the tornado disappears, Eric and Ashley walk back to town. At the experiment site, another tornado hits. The group flee but Phil is killed. They go to a nearby hotel where they discover Frank has blocked them from deactivating the UAVs. Eric and Ashley break into a building where they decide to change their presentation to the freak weather after Eric caught it on camera. The group come across wreckage where they discover Nora's body. A furious Joanne blames Damon for not making Frank finish the experiment. As Charlie mourns Nora's death, another storm hits, forcing the group to flee. After a plane that Frank sent into the sky crashes, he wishes to deactivate the UAVs; however, Bill  informs him they are not responding. The group travel to the same building Eric and Ashley are at, and Gary begins to try and deactivate the UAVs. They realize the storms will reach populated areas very soon and warn Frank, who allows the UAVs to be destroyed. However, the storm continues to grow despite the UAVs having been destroyed. While Eric and Ashley send out signals to warn people, Charlie, Joanne and Damon rush to the university to use its satellite to punch a hole in the ozone layer to extinguish the storms. While arriving, Damon is killed by large hailstones. Meanwhile Gary manages to connect to a satellite in space. The plan works and the storms are extinguished. Eric and Ashley help Charlie and Joanne put Frank in prison for manipulating the team into creating a weapon."] ['The film tells a story in the life of a Midwestern family, the Reimullers. Lori  is the mother of three children and the wife of Dave , a truck driver. The family are presented as happy, normal and comfortable financially: they have just bought a horse and are planning a holiday to Hawaii. Then the youngest son, Robbie , has a sudden unexplained fall at school. A short while later, he has another unprovoked fall while playing with his brother, and is seen having a convulsive seizure. Robbie is taken to the hospital where a number of procedures are performed: a CT scan, a lumbar puncture, an electroencephalogram  and blood tests. No cause is found but the two falls are regarded as epileptic seizures and the child diagnosed with epilepsy. Robbie is started on phenobarbital, an old anticonvulsant drug with well known side effects including cognitive impairment and behavior problems. The latter cause the child to run berserk through the house, leading to injury. Lori urgently phones the physician to request a change of medication. It is changed to phenytoin  but the dose of phenobarbital must be tapered slowly, causing frustration. Later, the drug carbamazepine  is added. Meanwhile, the Reimullers discover that their health insurance is invalid and their treatment is transferred from private to county hospital. In an attempt to pay the medical bills, Dave takes on more dangerous truck loads and works long hours. Family tensions reach a head when the children realize the holiday is not going to happen and a foreclosure notice is posted on the house. Robbie\'s epilepsy gets worse and he develops a serious rash known as Stevens–Johnson syndrome as a side effect of the medication. He is admitted to hospital where his padded cot is designed to prevent him escaping. The parents fear he may become a "vegetable" and are losing hope. At one point, Robbie goes into status epilepticus . Increasing doses of diazepam  are given intravenously to no effect. Eventually, paraldehyde is given rectally. This drug is described has having possibly fatal side effects and is seen dramatically melting a plastic cup . The neurologist in charge of Robbie\'s care, Dr. Melanie Abbasac , has poor bedside manner and paints a bleak picture. Abbasac wants the Reimullers to consider surgery and start the necessary investigative procedures to see if this is an option. These involve removing the top of the skull and inserting electrodes on the surface of the brain to achieve a more accurate location of any seizure focus than normal scalp EEG electrodes. The Reimullers see surgery as a dangerous last resort and want to know if anything else can be done. Lori begins to research epilepsy at the library. After many hours, she comes across the ketogenic diet in a well-regarded textbook on epilepsy. However, their doctor dismisses the diet as having only anecdotal evidence of its effectiveness. After initially refusing to consider the diet, she appears to relent but sets impossible hurdles in the way: the Reimullers must find a way to transport their son to Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland with continual medical support—something they cannot afford. That evening, Lori attempts to abduct her son from the hospital and, despite the risk, fly with him to an appointment she has made with Dr Freeman at Johns Hopkins. However, she is stopped by hospital security at the exit to the hospital. A sympathetic nurse warns Lori that she could lose custody of her son if a court decides she is putting her son\'s health at risk. Dave makes contact with an old family friend who once practiced as a physician and is still licensed. This doctor and the sympathetic nurse agree to accompany Lori and Robbie on the trip to Baltimore. During the flight, Robbie has a prolonged convulsive seizure, which causes some concern to the pilot and crew. When they arrive at Johns Hopkins, it becomes apparent that Lori has deceived her friends as her appointment  was not rescheduled and there are no places on the ketogenic diet program. After much pleading, Dr Freeman agrees to take Robbie on as an outpatient. Lori and Robbie stay at a convent in Baltimore. The diet is briefly explained by Millicent Kelly  a dietitian who has helped run the ketogenic diet program since the 1940s. Robbie\'s seizures begin to improve during the initial fast that is used to kick-start the diet. Despite the very high-fat nature of the diet, Robbie accepts the food and rapidly improves. His seizures are eliminated and his mental faculties are restored. The film ends with Robbie riding the family horse at a parade through town. Closing credits claim Robbie continued the diet for a couple of years and has remained seizure- and drug-free ever since.'] ['The story involves an archaeologist uncovering, and ultimately fighting, one of the Nephilim. This creature is the offspring of a "fallen angel", named Ammon, that is trying to destroy the world by reviving its son after having him mummified prior to the biblical flood. Once its son is revived, Ammon would be able to spawn a new generation of Nephilim.'] ['Socialite Molly Lasch is released from prison after serving a six-year sentence for the murder of her husband, Dr. Gary Lasch. Now, with the help of Fran, an investigative reporter, Molly sets out to prove her innocence. Together they uncover a conspiracy of silence at the Lasch Medical Center and a shocking secret that could cost both women their lives.'] ["During routine administration at the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center, Dr. Rhodes discovers that a comet has suddenly veered off its orbit and smashed into Mars. The explosion causes debris to travel towards Earth with the possibility of causing an extinction level event. At Ben Marshall's house, Ben refuses to give his son, Leo, a ride as he complained his own car smelled of mildew. However, Ben drives Leo to school and discovers Leo is in love with a fellow student, Lindsey. Leo is chatting with Lindsey when her ex-boyfriend, Sean, gives them threatening looks. Terry, Ben's autistic brother, refuses to let Samantha, Ben's daughter, take the school bus, which is having mechanical problems. Lynne, Ben's wife, comes home to discover that and drives Samantha to school. They are caught in a traffic jam caused by an incident involving the school bus. After discovering that an anomaly in space could have pulled the comet off orbit with its strong gravitational pull and that this anomaly is possibly reaching or bypassing Earth, they contact physicists, Trish Zane and Tom Lively, to help to prevent it. They discover that the anomaly is a strangelet, and it is traveling towards earth. The Russian and Chinese decide to fire nuclear missiles at the North Pole to cause a polar shift, hoping to resolve the issue. The polar shift triggers chain reactions which cause earthquakes, typhoons and tropical storms, which destroy New York , London, and other cities in the process. Ben brings Leo and Lindsey home after he receives news about the anomaly. They hide safely in the basement when a tornado struck, destroying the neighborhood. Terry convinces both Ben and Lynne that he has a solution to the problem. Ben drives Terry to the Space Center in Houston while Lynne takes Leo, Lindsey, and Samantha to the rescue center. Leo and Lindsey leave the center to search for Lindsey's family. They discover Sean and his friends raiding a house. Sean fatally shoots Leo in the midst of an argument and attempts to rape Lindsey. Lynne, worried that Leo and Lindsey are not back, goes to find them and rescues Lindsey. However, the house they were in is sucked away due to the effect of the strangelet nearing Earth. Along the way to Houston, Ben and Terry encounter a broken down vehicle. While trying to help, Ben is attacked but Terry takes out the attacker and they continue on their way. Ben suffers a heart attack but they manage to reach the Space Center. They gain entry because Terry knows Dr. Rhodes's verbal password. Terry manages to convince Dr. Rhodes of his calculations, which was shown to be accurate. Ben dies from his heart attack. After launching the nuclear missiles via LGM-118 Peacekeeper at the strangelet, time is reversed back to the starting of the film and Ben is shown to be much kinder to Terry and Leo."] ['In the 11th century three men flee an Italian city and make their way to Palestine take part in the First Crusade .'] ['A man, suddenly gone blind, mistakes another woman for his wife. When nurse Hilda Nevers returns from the Orient, she is left penniless because her father has died. She goes to work at a hospital where Dr. Kitchell is impressed by her voice, which is almost identical to that of his lover, Evelyn Wentworth. Evelyn is engaged to Lawrence Sinton, but only for his money. On their wedding night, Sinton is blinded when a burglar hits him on the head. Hilda is substituted for Evelyn, who is then free to continue her affair with the doctor. A family friend finally exposes the situation, but by then, Hilda and Sinton have fallen in love. Sinton has an operation that restores his sight, and he and Hilda are united.'] ["Keeping The Promise, tells the story of a 13-year-old boy, Matt  and his father,  who, as early settlers, together build a wooden cabin in Maine in 1768. However, Matt's father must head back to Quincy, Massachusetts, to get Matt's mother, sister, and newborn sibling who were all left behind so Matt and his father could build shelter for them. Matt's father promises to return in seven weeks and Matt is left alone with his father's old watch  and a hunting rifle to guard the family's newly-built homestead and field crops. Unfortunately, Matt finds himself enduring many hardships for which he is unprepared. His hunting rifle is stolen by a stranger named Ben Loomis; while chasing after Ben: Matt trips and falls into a river. Luckily, Matt's misadventure has not gone unnoticed and he is pulled from the water. Ironically, the Indians he has learned to fear, through tales that his father had told him, save his life in this part of the story. His injured leg is treated by the Indian chief named Saknis. While recovering, Matt begrudgingly allows Saknis to take his book  for saving his life. Saknis later returns with book and asks Matt whether a knife or a book would win a fight - Matt says the knife would win, Saknis points out that the words of the white man have already won the land away from his people. Saknis commands that Matt is to teach his grandson to read. Although uncertain of how to teach anyone, especially the unwilling Attean, Matt accepts the task out of obligation, as he owes his life to the man. Meanwhile his father returns to his family only to find there is a fever in the village which kills their neighbour's daughter, the family leave quickly knowing that the town will probably be closed to stop the spread of fever. On their way the newborn and the mother come down with fever, this delays them and when they reach the boat for its last crossing before winter they are turned back because of the baby's illness. The Mother recovers, but unfortunately the baby doesn't and has to be buried as they travel the land route. Back in Maine Matt does not immediately befriend Attean, although the two young boys eventually form a strong friendship as they help each other through difficult circumstances. When Matt's family has not yet returned after many months Attean invites Matt to join his tribe, who are moving west to new hunting grounds. Although Matt is good friends with Attean and enjoys Indian culture, he has not forgotten his family. Matt has to decide whether to join the Indian tribe, or return to his cabin and wait for his family to return. Near the end of the story, Attean goes on a vision quest and becomes a brave. He visits Matt and gives him a pair of snowshoes for the winter and asks him to come with the tribe. Matt decides to wait for his family, although parting from his new friend, Attean, is difficult. The two boys trade gifts, Matt gives Attean the book of Robinson Crusoe and Attean leaves his dog behind with Matt. Sure enough, Matt's family returns in the winter snows, guided for the last few days by Ben Loomis, who makes himself absent as soon as the family are reunited."] ["Zeus, a Labrador Retriever and a former police dog, has lost his bark after his barking ended up blowing off a five-year investigation and his partner can't shoot straight again and ends up at the pound. He is adopted by George Bannister as both an early Christmas present and as a good guard dog for the house, but the mom is hesitant and didn't want a dog. The dog is left alone on Christmas Eve when the family head off to visit Grandma's house. A pair of burglars, Ted Stein and Stewey McMann break into the family home, and it is up to Zeus to save Christmas for his new family by setting up booby traps to stop them. Zeus soon gets caught by the burglars and they muzzle him and continue to rob the house. Zeus escapes and gets them knocked out by dropping a chandelier on them. The police come and arrest Ted and Stewey and Zeus finally barks. The family come back and see Ted and Stewey getting arrested and spend a Merry Christmas together.<ref namehttp://totallyher.com/the-dog-who-saved-christmas-tv-movie-review/ |titleEve, Sarah |date |publisher2009-12-14}}<ref namehttp://www.blisstree.com/playlibrary/the-dog-who-saved-christmas/ |titleGerlach, Linette |date |publisher2009-12-14}}{{cite web}}"] ["Kim  is a 15-year-old street orphan in Lahore of the 19th century . Kim thinks he is native, but he's actually of British origin, the son of an Irish soldier and an Indian mother. He is taken up as a guide by a travelling Tibetan lama  on a search for a river where Budda hurled an arrow, turning into a place of redemption. When he finds his father's regimen and the British military discover his origins and his real name, Kimball O'Hara, he's placed in an English college. His nature, however, is opposed to the regimentation expected for the son of a British soldier, and he rebels. His familiarity with Indian life and his ability to pass as an Indian child allows him to function as a spy for the British as they attempt to thwart revolution and invasion of India. Rejoining his holy man, Kim is trained by an Englishman called Babu  to become a British spy and receives orders from a British Colonel  who assigns him a risky mission in the Big Game, the behind-the-scenes struggle between Imperial Britain and Russia for supremacy in Afghanistan and Central Asia. He also befriends an astute Afghan horse-dealer named Mahbub Ali , a British Secret Service agent, who helps him with his task."] ['A few survivors have dedicated themselves to preserving and protecting what is left of mankind; among these is former Army Captain John Thomas Garth . Approached by Lapierre , a former comrade now employed by eco-profiteer Anton Reich , Garth is made an offer he cannot refuse. In exchange for his father\'s and other\'s survival, Reich agrees to lead a small team of mercenaries into the impenetrable Vincent estate to "liberate" the priceless works of art that had been stored there. Accompanied by reconnaissance specialist Fernandez , sniper King , and tech genius Ebershaw , Garth must find a way to circumvent Encrypt, the deadly computerized security system surrounding the estate. Other obstacles include the Rook, a killer robot, and Diana , the holographic security chief of the estate.'] ["Kinski plays a wealthy, talented young widow who marries again in haste. Suddenly her world is shattered by a series of threatening calls from her new husband's ex-wife. When efforts to stop the woman's assault of terror fails, Kinksi is forced to act on her own, resulting in a surprising climax."] ['The film tells the story of a prop from the 1923 movie The Ten Commandments that was actually an authentic artifact from antiquity with cursed powers. In the modern day these resurface leading to murder and mayhem.'] ["The story is narrated by an adult Nino Montanari, who reminisces on his family history... Brooklyn, New York, ca. 1976: Angie resists abandoning baby daughter Patty on a cathedral doorstep and decides to raise her alone in the streets, surviving by their wits. Years later, a teenaged Patty meets and marries kind policeman Dante Montanari, and the couple have two sons: Joey and Nino. Dante eventually dies of cancer, and the hospital bills have now left the surviving family without any money. Patty must now make ends meet. She quickly befriends local funeral director Frank Russo, with whom she has a romantic relationship, and Frank's boss Salvatore “Sal” Palmeri, with whom she has a business relationship. Frank uses his persistent and persuasive charms to reel Patty into his world of organized crime. He offers her a job running a floundering Italian restaurant, which she converts into a successful transvestite nightclub. Sal attends opening night and he is impressed with her business savvy and street smarts. He soon assigns her to serve as his mule; she must drive to Toronto and pick up half-a-million dollars at a shipboard casino. Patty successfully delivers Sal his money, and soon gains his confidence. Later, Patty and Sal's girlfriend June must make the same trip to Canada together. En route, Patty witnesses June repeatedly snorting cocaine. While Patty is making her usual pick-up, the casino is raided by police, but she manages to slip through their fingers and return to the hotel where June impatiently waits. Back in Brooklyn, Frank’s son Mouse has been selling cocaine in the neighborhood. The teenage boy soon shows up at Patty’s doorstep afraid that his father will beat him up again for not 'staying clean'. Shortly thereafter, a newspaper headline reveals that Mouse has been murdered. During Mouse’s funeral, Patty watches from a distance as the procession leaves the wake. FBI agent Robert Wilford approaches Patty for help in bringing down Sal’s criminal empire. Robert asks that Patty wear a wire to record incriminating evidence that will facilitate Palmeri’s arrest. Soon, Patty discovers that June had turned Mouse on to selling her drugs, and that Palmeri had placed a hit on him for selling it on the streets. Patty also finds out that Frank asked his boss for permission to, mercifully, kill his own son. June is now fleeing for her life, but Patty intercepts her at her apartment, and finds out that she, June, and Frank are probably the next on Palmeri's hit list. Eventually, Patty persuades Palmeri to let her go free and to not kill Frank unless he continues threatening her family. Soon thereafter, Palmeri and his men are either arrested or killed, and June’s dead body is discovered . The Montanaris and Angie hop on the next train to Florida, leaving their criminal past behind."] ["Gia Carangi  is a Philadelphia native who moves to New York City to become a fashion model and immediately catches the attention of powerful agent Wilhelmina Cooper . Gia's attitude and beauty help her rise quickly to the forefront of the modeling industry, but her persistent loneliness after the death of Wilhelmina drives her to experiment with mood-altering drugs like cocaine. She becomes entangled in a passionate affair with Linda , a make-up artist. Their love affair first starts when both pose nude and make love to each other after a photo shoot. However, after a while Linda begins to worry about Gia's drug use and gives her an ultimatum: Gia chooses the drugs. Failed attempts at reconciliation with Linda and with her mother, Kathleen , drive Gia to begin abusing heroin. Although she is eventually able to break her drug habit after much effort, she has already contracted HIV from a needle containing infected blood and dies from complications from AIDS in 1986 at the age of 26."] ["The story has the great horror author Edgar Allan Poe  suffering from writer's block and short on cash, tormented by a black cat that will either destroy his life or inspire him to write one of his most famous stories. The story of the same name by Poe is woven in with fictional happenings and details from his life."] ['The film commences 14-year-old Tina having sex with her boyfriend, Ray. Ray later ends his relationship with Tina, telling her that he must focus upon his athletic goals. When Tina discovers that she has started her period, she is extremely relieved. On Tina\'s birthday, she is despondent because another birthday has passed and she does not have a boyfriend. Tensions arise between Tina and her mother when they are in the car together and listen to a radio programme whereby the commentator makes remarks about the high number of teenagers getting pregnant. Tina\'s mother asks her daughter if she knows anyone who is sexually active, or if she has ever been sexually active. Tina is evasive and gives a non-committal response. She and her friend Laurie, a young mother who became pregnant at seventeen, attend a sexual health clinic where it is confirmed that Tina is carrying a child. It all comes to a head when Laurie tells Tina to tell her mother about the pregnancy and she does. Her mother, a staunch Catholic, is shocked but due to her beliefs, decides to help her daughter. Her dad is less upset and comforts his daughter. When Tina tells Ray - the baby\'s father - he feigns happiness.Tina begins pregnancy classes with her mother. After hearing a story from a girl about how hard teenage motherhood is and how her boyfriend cheated on her, Tina calls Ray and yells at him because she thinks he won\'t be a good father like he promised he would be. For a while she tries to make him stay with her, but when Ray isn\'t as present as she would like him to be, Tina goes investigating and while at the mall she finds Ray kissing another girl, cheating on her. She is upset and tells him she is over him and ends their relationship. Throughout the stressful pregnancy, Tina\'s younger sister Rachel reacts with both disgust and jealousy by the attention Tina receives from her concerned parents. Even when she breaks her ankle Tina receives more attention, for example Rachel is made to get off a couch because Tina was lying there, and is made to go upstairs on her crutches to be able to lie down. Eventually Rachel calls their grandmother to ask permission to live with her. As the pregnancy becomes more and more overwhelming, Tina is rushed to the hospital and is about to give birth when her mother has a panic attack on how her daughter is going to have a baby. When Tina is in labor, Ray shows up at the hospital with his new girlfriend only to be turned away by Tina\'s father, telling him "sperm doesn\'t entitle you to much" and tells him to wait in the waiting room. After a grueling labor, Tina gives birth to a baby boy whom she names Caleb, and meets her younger sister and grandmother outside the hospital where they all have a small family reunion.'] ['Curt Taylor  is released from California State Prison and to settle a debt he becomes a secretary for Cartier Rand  so that he can steal her jewels. He falls in love with her, which complicates things.'] ['This film follows the life of basketball legend Eric "Hank" Gathers, from his growing up in the ghettos of Philadelphia to his freshman year at USC through his brief career playing basketball for Loyola Marymount University, where he collapsed during a game and died of a heart ailment.'] ['A high school student named Freya McAllister  who begins hearing voices in her head and ends up misdiagnosed as having schizophrenic catalepsy. She spends nine years in an institution before a government doctor  for the fictional "National Security Administration" realizes Freya might instead be telepathic &ndash; and he promptly whisks her away from the institution and commences training her on an isolated farm for the NSA . Teamed up with Homeland Security agent Brendan Dean  to track down an elusive assassin known as Gazal, Freya has been ordered not to reveal her powers to her new partner. They manage to uncover Gazal\'s identity and bring him to justice.'] ["Man in the Mirror picks up from where An American Dream left off. At the beginning of the telefilm, it is set to 1983 where pop icon Michael Jackson, and his album, Thriller becomes the biggest selling album of all-time. Michael  grew up in the spotlight as a member of the popular R&B combo the Jackson 5, but his youthful success came with a price—robbed of a normal childhood, as he grew to be a man, Jackson found himself increasingly eager to remake his life into the childhood he never had. In the 1980s, Jackson's solo career blew up, and his album Thriller became the biggest selling album of all time, moving over 100 million copies and making him wealthy beyond his wildest dreams. As Jackson struggled to repeat its success, his public image and reputation became increasingly eccentric, and as allegations of drug abuse, excessive plastic surgery, and inappropriate behavior with children were thrown at him, Jackson found himself trapped between his desire to entertain his fans and proving to the world that he was a normal and law-abiding man."] ["Frank Abernathy is the curator of the natural history museum in Blackwater, Louisiana. He is a widower who doesn't seem to have time for his daughter, Jack. Frank's father, Simon, is a B-movie enthusiast who believes in extraterrestrials and shows his favorite movies at the local theater. The city loses it's electrical power just as Simon, Jack and her boyfriend Squirrelly exit the theater. They watch an object streaking through the sky and crashing into the museum. Thought to be a meteorite, they later find out it is a craft containing an alien lifeform. Trying to adapt to the Earth's atmosphere, it latches on to the first organism it finds - the museum's most notable exhibit, a frozen Wooly mammoth. A security guard witnesses the revival of the prehistoric elephant, which kills the guard. With the creature on the loose, two government agents, Powers and Whitaker, tracked Frank down. While the agents and Frank try to figure out what happened and what to do, the mammoth heads into the forest, where it kills anyone it comes across. The beast's path soon brings it to a huge party attended by Jack and Squirrelly. They survive the attack and meet up with Frank and the agents. The mammoth suddenly appears and kills Agent Whitaker while Agent Powers, Frank, Jack and Squirrelly escape. While the mammoth continues its rampage around the town, the government is preparing to detonate a nuclear bomb on the alien-possessed elephant. The group must find a way to take the creature down without destroying their town. After devising a plan to stop the mammoth, Frank, Powers, Jack and Squirrelly are joined by Simon and town sheriff Marion Morrison at the local factory to encase the creature in ice, just like it was before. While enroute, Squirrelly is killed by the mammoth, but the plan moves forward at full speed. The mammoth arrives at the factory, and is doused in molten steel. It then slaughters Sheriff Morrison, off screen. They figured out that liquid nitrogen is the only way to stop the mammoth once and for all. The mammoth is lured into the liquid nitrogena trap. Frank, Jack, and Powers, among other survivors, escape as Simon sacrifices himself to pull the release valve and smash the controls, forcing the liquid nitrogen to spray out and freeze both Simon and the mammoth. The movie ends as Simon's frozen body is put in government hands, and the refrozen mammoth is put back out as an exhibit."] ['The miniseries tells the story of one of the most ferocious warriors in the world, Attila the Hun, who violently assumes Hun leadership and unites the warring clans under his banner. It also tells the story of Flavius Aetius, one of the so-called "Last of the Romans" who worked vigorously for years to keep the dying Western Roman Empire intact in the face of constant barbarian onslaught.'] ['A Kentucky woman whose mine-worker husband is nearly killed in a cave-in, and whose father is slowly dying of black lung, joins the picket lines for a long, violent strike.'] ['{{plot}} Retaining the play\'s poetic style, the film\'s lead cast consists of nine African-American women, seven of whom are based on the play\'s seven characters only known by color . Like its source material, each character deals with a different personal conflict, such as love, abandonment, rape, infidelity, and abortion. The characters are represented by a color: Jo/Red , Juanita/Green , Yasmine/Yellow , Tangie/Orange , Alice/White , Gilda/Gray , Crystal/Brown , Nyla/Purple , and Kelly/Blue . Each of their stories are different, but the characters interact within each other\'s lives. The show opens with Tangie throwing her latest lover out of her house. Right after that, as Juanita arrives to piss Frank off with a houseplant, Kelly, who works for child welfare, attempts to visit Crystal on behalf of the children, but she does not get very far. As she flees her drug-addicted husband, Beau Willie, she gets some good advice from Gilda. Meanwhile, Alice shows up to beseech Tangie for money, but gets rebuffed instead. Alice goes out to raise money, and encounters Yasmine, who gives her a little money. Yasmine, a dance teacher, is boasting of how dancing gives her underprivileged girls opportunities, a way out of the ghetto, and in to college. Nyla tells her friends in the class about her graduation night with a pack of cousins, then has to throw up. Kelly\'s husband comes over and arrests two men, one of whom is Jo\'s husband. Juanita is waiting in Jo\'s office, with Jo\'s terrified assistant, Katina, running scared and making tea, and Crystal running late for work. Jo rejects the work of her photographers, demanding work of the highest caliber. Juanita is let into the office, and attempts to interest Jo in her work at starting a medical center. But Jo refuses, asserting that everyone rises and falls by their own merits. Juanita tries to warn her about the suffering in the community she cannot even see. She asks Jo what the price she has to pay to be so powerful, yet self-centered, then forcefully storms out. Kelly and her husband visit a physician, who reveals she had an untreated STD that has stripped her of the ability to have children. So Kelly runs off. Juanita gives condom advice to a group of women, only to be bothered by Frank. She brushes him off and returns to giving the women sensible talk about how to avoid unwanted consequences from sex. Tangie, who works as a bartender, finds a man and decides to show him a night of pleasure. That night, Crystal implores Beau to stop drinking, while he cares only for her accepting his marriage proposal, in the hopes of increasing his welfare benefits. Jo, meanwhile, implores her husband to call her, revealing to us that they\'d had a fight that night. At the same restaurant, we also see Yasmine and Bill having a magical night. Alice comes home, grumbling that Nyla moved her box. But Alice shows Nyla the money she has been collecting and asking for, and gives it to her, believing that it is for Nyla\'s entrance into college. It is not enough, and asking Tangie is discussed, but Alice instead tells Nyla that her god will provide. Yasmine continues her date, explaining that she loved dance more than anything, until she met Bill. Meanwhile, Tangie is having a great time, until she discoveres the man thinks she is a prostitute. She throws him out only to be met by Nyla in the hall. Nyla requests money, which angers Tangie. Tangie correctly diagnoses Nyla as pregnant, which Nyla denies. Tangie relishes her cruelty, enjoying the idea Alice will hate Nyla the way she hates Tangie. So she tells her about an abortionist, and how to find her. Jo is in her house when her husband returns. He claims his battery died, but that does not stop her. We learn that he took money from her bank account for an investment that failed; the source of the fight she mentioned earlier. He feels emasculated, stripped of his automatic right of command of the house, in favor of him submitting to her will. Kelly\'s husband comes home and sees Kelly, so Kelly decides to pour her heart out to her husband in a refreshing breath of honesty. Long before she was married, she and a friend were dating the same man, unbeknownst to her. He also gave her a disease which caused her infertility. Despite this, her husband loves her, and stands by her side. Frank attempts to bother Juanita again, seducing her heavily resistant will into taking him back. The next day, Crystal makes an appointment for Jo, then delivers flowers and phone call from Jo\'s husband. He allows himself to go to the opera, which she loves and he hates, as a means of an apology. However, he is clearly looking at men, desiringly. Yasmine is elated by flowers when Tangie comes to pay Nyla\'s three-hundred dollar bill. She warns Yasmine about her suitor\'s intentions, and offers to pay on Nyla\'s behalf, but Yasmine informs her that there is nothing she has to pay for in any way. Tangie realizes Nyla\'s gone to see the abortionist, Rose , which indeed she has. The abortionist is terrifying, and probably drunk. While Jo is at the opera, watching as her husband and another man give each other the eye, Yasmine lets her suitor into her house. He removes his clothes, then hers, and savagely rapes her. The next morning, Jo angrily demands Crystal find a list of advertisers, which Crystal realizes, horrified, that she left in her house, and Jo takes her home. Seeing a male driver in the car, Beau Willie believes Crystal is having an affair. The abuse begins, and can be heard in Gilda\'s house as she watches the kids. She tries to calm their fears by telling them about their father. Going to Gilda\'s house, he captures the children and brutally kills them by dropping them out the window as Gilda goes to find help. Beau later gets arrested and is sent to jail for the murder of his own children. Jo and an arriving Juanita all serve as witnesses, along with Gilda, to the brutal murder of the children. Kelly\'s husband interviews Yasmine in the hospital about the rape, to which she gives him a blistering poem as her answer. Alice storms into the hospital to find Nyla with Kelly and some cops. Nyla was found alone and badly wounded. Kelly, walking through the hospital, discovers the grieving Crystal, along with Jo, Gilda, Juanita, and Kelly\'s husband. Remembering these people and learning of the children\'s murders, she tells her husband exactly who to go after, and where. Alice storms Tangie\'s house and confronts her, violently, about Nyla seeing the abortionist. She throws Tangie\'s newest conquest out of Tangie\'s house, and they argue about sexuality. They also recite poem and counter-poem against each other. We learn that Tangie\'s grandfather, Alice\'s father, had his way with her, too, causing Alice to send her to the abortionist. But Alice was watching her, supervising and protecting her, whereas Nyla was unsupervised. She reveals that her father not only took her virginity, but at fifteen, forced her to make granddaughters with a white man. Finally, Tangie screams that Alice, thinking herself so holy, let their grandfather molest her and she sees Gilda in the hall. Gilda replies "nothing" to Tangie when she yells "what are you looking at", then intrudes on her apartment, which Tangie accidentally locked herself out of. Gilda treats Tangie\'s shiner with some ice. She tells her that it is not just sex; she needs to find the root if she is ever going to be healed. She knows this because she once was just like Tangie. Juanita comes home to find Frank gone, but he soon comes home. Jo informs her husband, who comes home far too late, about the murder of Crystal\'s children. Her tears wash away some of her blindess to the suffering of others,  as she realizes how she failed to notice the clear abuse Crystal was going through. Alice and Nyla come home, and Alice forces Nyla to pray for forgiveness while anointing her head with dust and oil. She attempts to exorcise her daughter, to which Nyla slaps her and flees. She tries to seek help from Yasmine, who does not sleep, but sits in bed with a knife, causing Nyla to flee again. Crystal tries to scrub away the blood from her children on the sidewalk, with assistance from Kelly. She weeps for her children\'s blood, finding life no longer feels real. Kelly recognizes Crystal and they both get Nyla cleaned up. Tangie shows up with a new man of the night, so Nyla confronts her about the abortionist. The man takes an interest in Nyla as well, so Tangie accuses him of pedophila and turns him away with disgust. Tangie and Nyla argue, again. Tangie admits she has lost touch with reality, and that she is too hurt to love anyone else. Yasmine dances alone, to the poem of Sashita, a powerful goddess of creativity. The dance helps her begin to regain the power taken from her in the rape. Kelly\'s husband leads her to Bill\'s body. He was stabbed to death by a woman after he had raped her. Yasmine slaps his face, regaining more of her strength. Crystal attempts suicide by taking some sleeping pills. While Kelly, Gilda and the sisters wait, Juanita comes in, revealing she had been saved but still needed some rest. Kelly berates herself for not saving Crystal\'s children because she was wasting her time at a doctor\'s office. Juanita comes home on Frank\'s birthday to discover all his things gone, and some of hers, too, in a metaphoric sense which a poem helps her express. As Yasmine continues her classes, and Juanita continues hers, Crystal is fed, then taken home from the hospital, and Jo makes a donation to Juanita. Tangie invites Crystal to a party in Nyla\'s honor at Juanita\'s center. Frank tries to come back, but Juanita does not break down this time and sends him away for good. Gilda goes in, forces Crystal to face herself, and accept the fact that she did not protect her kids. She gives her a rebirthing experience. Jo confronts her husband about his infidelity with men, forbids the word \'sorry\' from her life, reveals she has HIV, and tells her husband that he is to be gone before she gets back. Jo goes to the party, and everyone is there, even Crystal. Alice shows up briefly, giving Nyla some books, and telling her how proud of her she is before the music drives her out. Jo and Juanita withdraw to the roof, where Juanita gives Jo some advice about HIV. All of the girls except for Alice join them on the roof, where Juanita says "My love is too beautiful to have thrown back in my face." They begin to share "Sorry" stories, which Crystal wins. Crystal reveals that she is the most healed of them all.'] [' The film was based on the story of the 1/5th ([[Territorial Army  Battalion of the Norfolk Regiment which included men from the King\'s estate at Sandringham House. These were grouped in a "Sandringham Company", following recruiting practices of the period which sometimes attempted to keep "pals" of similar background together in the same unit. The battalion suffered heavy losses in action at Gallipoli on 12 August 1915 and a myth grew up later that the unit had advanced into a mist and simply disappeared.The Vanished Battalion The film dramatises these events and the origins of the myth back home, in the process following an investigator sent after the war on behalf of the Royal Family to find the truth about the company\'s fate. As represented in the film, after becoming separated from other British troops and suffering heavy losses the remnants of the Sandringham Company were taken prisoner by Ottoman soldiers and then massacred. One survivor wakes in a German military hospital and is told by a doctor that he was fortunate to have been found by German troops accompanying the Turkish forces. The scene in which prisoners are killed as they tried to surrender was criticised by both the Turkish Ambassador in London as being unsupported by evidence and by a descendent of the central character Captain Frank Beck.BBC News | Entertainment | King\'s Men ending \'distasteful\'  The book itself only hints at the possibility that a proportion of those who died were "executed" after being captured. The Reverend Pierrepoint Edwards, who discovered the mass grave, was reported to have revealed, much later, in a private conversation that the bodies he\'d found had been shot in the head. The veracity of that claim has remained unresolved, the suggestion being made in the film that it was not revealed at the time to protect the feelings of the King and Queen and relatives of the deceased. There is stronger evidence though in the form of the account of one survivor, , taken prisoner during the battle. He was wounded to the head and claimed to have both heard other wounded being bayonetted and shot by Turkish soldiers; and to have been attacked in the same fashion himself but was saved by a German officer. In addition at least one British officer was seen being taken prisoner during the battle but was not heard from again. However, the suggestion in the book is that, based on evidence from the time, the Turkish soldiers struggled with the concept of taking prisoners as opposed to a deliberate extermination policy. The Germans are said to have had problems getting the Turks to understand that they needed enemy troops alive for intelligence information. The film does go beyond the book in the way it portrays a larger group of men taken prisoner being deliberately executed. This is both questionable in terms of the portrayal of the Turks and in terms of recognising the fight the troops put up{{citation needed}}. From the accounts of the time, as related in the original book, it would seem that far from being tamely slaughtered as prisoners, most of the men who died did so in heavy fighting, either being killed outright or dying from the wounds suffered. The unit had advanced beyond other units in the line and as a consequence had found themselves isolated some distance behind Turkish lines. Ultimately a group of anything up to 200 men had been surrounded at a farm house and wiped out during the fighting. In the fate of Captain Beck the film makes assumptions as well. The last sighting of Beck was by one of the survivors, who saw him slumped under a tree with his head to one side, some time before the end of the battle; they couldn\'t be sure that he wasn\'t already dead at that point.'] ["Madison  and her assistant Hockstetter  are astronomers who track near-Earth objects in space. They are not taken seriously by the scientific community. When they locate and track a massive asteroid on a collision course for Earth, Madison takes her findings to government scientist Covington . Initially he pays her some attention but, under pressure from Air Force General Dutton , dismisses her. In desperation she takes her research to Donovan , a former Air Force officer who was discharged under Don't ask, don't tell. Joining with Donovan's active-duty lover, Mark , the four hatch a plan to infiltrate an Air Force base that houses a massive laser weapon to destroy the asteroid. Despite resistance from Dutton and Air Force troops, the group is able to commandeer the weapon and use it to deflect the asteroid just enough so that it misses the planet. Scenes removed from the censored version include a sex scene between Donovan and Mark, a line in which Donovan tells Madison why he was discharged and a second intimate scene between Donovan and Mark. Additionally, a short scene establishing a romantic interest between Donovan and Madison was added to the end of the censored version."] ['A family driving through the U.S. state of New Mexico discover an old ghost town, Weaver, and stop to take snapshots. Patrons at an estranged diner, in a lobotomized or brainwashed state, claim to not have heard of Weaver, although a gas-station attendant warns Jim Henley to "stay on the pavement". Henley, his wife Patty, his son Matt, along with Matt\'s friend Ethan and sister Kate make their way to the ghost town, discovering mysterious symbols and a human-sized dry skin on a wall, also discovering a video tape, which reveals previous visitors were taken by an unseen force, ending with a girl running from the unseen threat. The car, an SUV, is disabled and the family is forced to spend the night in one of the abandoned buildings. The unseen person/force steals their car, along with a flashlight and Jim\'s sweater. The next day, the family discovers the car has been stolen. Deciding to split up, Kate, Patty, and Matt remain in the building while Jim and Ethan set out for the diner. Ethan is attacked by a snake in the desert, but it only bites his wallet. Jim and Ethan also discover a large expanse of glass in the middle of the desert - a plaque in the centre of which reveals it to be a 1948 neutron bomb test site called, naturally enough, "Ground Zero". Ethan vanishes when walking just ahead of Jim over a ridge, and Jim runs off to a nearby car graveyard glimpsed in the distance, where many stolen vehicles, including his SUV are parked in the same fashion as the symbol on the wall. Meanwhile, Patty goes to use the bathroom, notices someone watching her, but falls through rotten boards into a mine shaft. Patty hears growling sounds from below, and climbs further up, discovering many stolen items including a familiar sweater. Matt and Kate search for Patty until Matt finds her, climbing down the mine to help her. The source of the sound, one of the unseen stalkers seen only from 1st person camera movement, makes its way faster to Patty and Matt, however before it can do anything, Patty shoots at it with a gun, though no body is discovered and it is uncertain whether it was harmed. Jim rescues them in the SUV after evading another one or more of the mysterious creatures attempting to prevent him recovering a battery for the car from the vehicle graveyard, only for their way out of Weaver to be blocked by a seemingly driverless school-bus and truck, forcing Jim to drive them both through a clapboard outbuilding to escape. They stop to use a telephone at the diner, but it is useless. Jim and Matt spot a dust cloud moving in their direction from the vicinity of Weaver. Jim visits Sheriff Richards in the nearby town of Two Wells, telling him about Ethan\'s disappearance, the town of Weaver, where the townspeople vanished without a trace, and the unseen beings attacking them. The Sheriff denies all knowledge of the town, but while he is away, Jim is pulled aside by an old inmate named Lester, who gives him a possible explanation, telling him the town does exist and the unseen force is possibly the mutated, deformed offspring of the townspeople, reminiscent of The Hills Have Eyes, who refused evacuation before the bomb was dropped, or the spirits of Indians interred in a burial ground under the town, also mentioning Area 51, although telling Jim aliens are not necessarily the explanation for the unseen forces in Weaver - whether this is anything to do with the truth or simply the ramblings of a madman is never made clear. Kate finds the girl from the video apparently alive, working at the local Dairy Queen, though by the time the family return to confirm this she\'s \'gone off-shift\' and is nowhere to be seen. The family stays at a motel, after the Sheriff agrees to search for Ethan the next day. Kate senses one of the beings watching them from the window, prompting them to decide to leave at once. Sheriff Richards, as a possible sacrifice and exchange, or because of his revelation to Jim, takes Lester to the desert, lights a fire, and leaves him for \'the beings\'. Jim and Patty take Matt and Kate, attempting to flee, but are stopped by the Sheriff, who first attempts to dissuade them from leaving and eventually tells them that he found Ethan. The four of them pick up Ethan, Jim seeing Lester\'s empty cell. Meanwhile, as the five of them flee, Ethan tells them he fell and does not remember anything else, while Matt questions the events. As Jim is distracted, the car hits what appears to be an animal, possibly possessed by the Indian spirits, or one of the unseen mutants, causing the SUV to flip over. The viewpoint of one of the unseen creatures makes its way to the wrecked car, only their screams being heard afterwards. Six Months later, Jim is now the gas-station attendant, while Patty works as the waitress in the diner, all of them in the same lobotomized state as the other members of the town of Two Wells, New Mexico. After Kate has served Sheriff Richards at the diner, the film ends with Kate feeding one of the crows as several bikers turn up at the diner, very possibly to begin the cycle all over again.'] ['After being replaced as the chief of police in Paradise, Massachusetts by the town council president\'s son-in-law, William Butler , Jesse Stone is still without a full-time job . Nevertheless, he continues to find ways to pursue investigations into two separate murders: one involves a friend with whom he had lost contact, and the other has him working as a consulting investigator for the Massachusetts State Police Homicide Division on a case involving a robbery and murder suspect. Both Jesse and his friend, State Police Captain Healy , have doubts as to the robbery/murder suspect\'s guilt. All the while, Jesse deals with tensions between Butler, who expects him to give up his "concealed carry" gun permit, but who is informed, by Rose Gammon , that as a retired  police officer that he has a federally-mandated right to "concealed carry" for life. His problems with his ex-wife, and drinking issues are still present.'] ['Andie Bradley  is a gymnast with big dreams for the Olympics. When offered to work with one of the leading coaches in the U.S., she gratefully accepts. This requires her to move from Portland, Oregon to Seattle, Washington. When she gets to the gym, she is scrutinized by the coach about her weight and feels the pressure to lose the pounds. At first it\'s just dieting, but it soon leads to anorexia. When she meets a fellow team member, Leslie , she realizes there are ways around it. "You can eat what you want, and not gain a pound." Andie continues with her diet, but once she cannot handle it she turns to purging methods. Her mom notices changes in her weight, while her boyfriend and best friend also notice changes in her attitude. Andie eventually comes out to her best friend, telling her that she sees the changes and can\'t stop her behavior. She faints twice, both during competitions, and goes to hospital, after fainting the second time, where a doctor talk to her parents about her body problems. Her parents decide to move back home. Andie runs away to the gym, where she sees a new girl being given the same lecture about her weight that was given to her. She decides that she is not ready to go back to training. After moving back to Portland, Andie joins a support group where she is encouraged to eat as part of her therapy. At the end of the movie, she is seen walking into the school gymnasium and getting back on the balance beam.'] ["The film centers around a family of Swedish immigrants in Nebraska around the turn of the 20th century. The family's father dies and leaves the family farm to his daughter. She does her best to make the farm work when many others are giving up and leaving."] ['The film follows the existential crisis of an unnamed urban sophisticate  who becomes aware of the nature of world politics, economic exploitation and the vapid consumerism around her. A series of events lead her to visit an unnamed third world country, representing an exotic location somewhere in Eastern Europe, where the entire economy and populace are geared towards the tourist industry. Even as she enjoys the rare taste of its products she is made starkly aware of the reality behind the façade by a journalist  who, subsequently, suggests a visit to the country\'s war-torn neighbour in order to experience a true picture of life in the region. She does so and her life is changed forever. Once back, and now acutely attuned to the world about her, she can no longer fit back into her old elitist and consumer-driven lifestyle; watching operas, discussing art and theatre with friends, shopping for "beautiful things" and aggrandizing her trifling everyday struggles, all seem meaningless to her compared with her recent macro epiphany. Compared with the global struggle for existence, her life begins to feel insignificant. Having lived in the bubble her guilt-free, pleasure-filled, life she is now challenged to look beyond comfort and soon finds herself in the throes of a moral dilemma, questioning the moral consistency of her own life and the choices that have had an impact on the lives of the poor in far corners of the globe. She feels that she cannot be truly free having apprehended this new reality, which confronts her blindness to the harsh truths of the class struggle and her sense of entitlement, which had, in the past, been broken, only occasionally, by displays of sympathy. She returns to the war-torn nation to explore her feelings further, this new reality now drawing her ever deeper. This leads to a delirious bout of fever in a run-down hotel where her inner-self challenges her need for comfort and entitlement, culminating in a moment of spiritual awakening and a perceived \'oneness\' with all reality. Finally she sees the truth about her own life and her innate connection with every human being, apprehending the transient nature of her material life. She can no longer sit, immersed in her personal comforts and vanity, or "clean sheets" as she terms it, and pretend it’s all right when the world around her is filled with strife and exploitation for millions of people. She is lustrated of her previous immunity towards their predicament and is, by extension, finally able to see the truth of own life, as summarised by film\'s tag-line: Enlightenment Can Be Brutal.<ref name2885302&cpThe+Fever&searchIdsearch The Fever] HBO Films.The Fever Amazon.com.The Fever Turner classic.'] ["The plot is generally faithful to that of the novel, though some of the events have been reordered chronologically. The film also introduces some new material, particularly relating to Anne's interactions with Gilbert Blythe. Unlike Montgomery’s novel, Sullivan’s film opens with the 11 year old orphan Anne Shirley living in servitude with the cruel Hammond Family in Nova Scotia. However, when Mr. Hammond dies, Anne is sent to an orphanage where she eventually receives the wonderful news that she has been adopted by a couple on Prince Edward Island. Upon arriving on P.E.I, Anne is met at the train station by the elderly Matthew Cuthbert who is surprised to find a girl there instead of a boy. Matthew and his sister Marilla had requested a boy to help them with the farm chores but he couldn’t very well just leave the girl at the train station. Matthew decides to take Anne to meet Marilla and on the buggy ride home becomes completely smitten with the red haired orphan girl. When Anne Shirley arrives at the Cuthbert’s farm called “Green Gables”, she is a precocious, romantic child desperate to be loved and highly sensitive about her red hair and homely looks. In her own unique headstrong manner, Anne manages to insult the town gossip, Rachel Lynde in a dispute over her looks; smash her slate over Gilbert Blythe’s head when he calls her “Carrots” on her first day of school; and accidentally dyes her hair green in an effort to turn her red hair black and salvage her wounded pride. Marilla Cuthbert is shocked and beside herself to know how she will ever cope with this sensitive, headstrong child so desperate to fit in. But shy, gentle Matthew is always there to defend Anne and hold her up on a pedestal. It seems like Anne is destined to cultivate disaster. She becomes “bosom” friends with Diana Barry from across the pond and succeeds in getting Diana drunk by accidentally serving Currant Wine instead of Raspberry Cordial at a tea party. Diana’s mother and Rachel Lynde turn on Marilla for making wine in the first place. Hence Anne moves from one mishap to the next as her wild imagination and far-fetched antics combine to constantly bring trouble onto her shoulders. Anne finds her element in the academic world, ultimately competing neck and neck with Gilbert Blythe who becomes her arch opponent. Anne and Gilbert go on to win the highest academic accolades, constantly vying for honors at every level. Eventually their fierce rivalry turns to a secret affection, which blossoms into love. Marilla tries to prevent Anne from seeing Gilbert because Anne is still quite young and Marilla wants Anne to continue her education. In the end, however, when Matthew dies and forces Marilla into considering selling Green Gables, Gilbert gives Anne his teaching post in nearby Avonlea so she can stay at Green Gables and continue to support Marilla. One is left with the impression that Gilbert’s and Anne’s lives will henceforth become intertwined. Anne has overcome the trials and tribulations of her difficult youth and finally found the home, family and love that she always longed for."] ['Karen Barth  is the divorced mother of Michael , a young autistic boy who is unable to speak or write. After an incident in which Michael wanders away from home to the local playground, Karen\'s ex-husband Roger realizes that Michael may need more specialized care than she can provide, and suggests Michael be enrolled in a special residential school. Reluctant to do so, Karen nonetheless agrees to visit the campus, where she meets with therapist Terry Wilson , who explains just how the program will be able to help Michael, which finally convinces Karen to enroll him, although she is put off by the school\'s requirement that she not visit for 6 weeks. Initially clashing with Terry\'s approach, Karen grudgingly comes to realize that the separation period is necessary for adjustment and takes a job at a local greenhouse. Meanwhile, Michael begins gradually making progress, learning such basics as tying his shoes, in addition to such chores as making his bed and helping prepare meals in the cottage he shares with his caretaker, Jeff. Eventually, Terry suggests to Jeff and school head Eliot that they try a form of facilitated communication: having Michael type his thoughts on a computer keyboard, with Terry guiding his hand. Eliot is reluctant, but Jeff is outright dismissive, claiming Michael\'s "not that bright" and "can\'t even spell." However, Eliot finally agrees to give Terry a one-month trial period with Michael  to see if it works. Initially, Michael only types gibberish, but Terry keeps at it, and a breakthrough finally occurs when Karen comes for a visit and, in an emotional moment, he types a greeting of "MOM HI" to her, finally breaking his long silence. Karen then asks Michael if he knows how much she loves him, to which he types "YES", and then he reveals something she had never known when he types "DAD GONE. I BRAK CAR. MY FALT" , but Karen assures him this was not the reason for their divorce. Later, Karen shares news of her first conversation with Michael to an initially skeptical Roger, admitting to having been wrong about Terry before and thanking him for recommending the school. After mentioning the revelation that Michael thought the divorce was his fault, Roger expresses guilt over having never explained the reason for his departure, but Karen assures him that she set Michael straight, and even if he\'s not convinced, he\'ll now be able to tell them. Things seem to be looking up, with Karen even receiving a pay raise at the greenhouse. However, trouble soon looms over the horizon, after Jeff departs for a two-week vacation to Florida. Michael begins having nightmares, acting out, neglecting his chores and becoming harder to handle. Needing some answers, Terry asks Michael why, to which he types out "JEFF." Initially thinking it\'s related to Jeff being away, Terry is surprised when Michael further clarifies this by typing "KEEP JEFF AWAY." When asked why, Michael types out the unthinkable: "SEX". Informed that he had been sexually abused, an enraged Karen demands that Michael be pulled from the school, but he expresses his desire to remain there: "I STAY". After Jeff is arrested, a detective is dispatched to the school and questions Michael about the abuse; believing him to be credible, he comments to Terry on how "impressive" this form of communication is before leaving. All is not well for Karen, however. Feeling hurt that Michael had put his trust in Terry rather than his own mother, and despite Roger\'s gratitude that Michael actually told someone about the abuse, Karen has suddenly cut off all contact, not returning phone calls or showing up for visits and shutting herself up in the house. Finally, Terry pays her a visit and explains that despite all the school has accomplished for Michael, he still needs Karen in his life, and that it\'s important for them to work together. This gets her to come around, and as they prepare for trial (an uphill battle, not helped by the double whammy of the court\'s reluctance to use facilitated communication to provide testimony and the fact that Jeff recanted his [[Confession , Karen stresses to Terry how important it is that she help Michael "find his voice" in court. After being established as a credible witness, Michael gets through questioning by the district attorney with no problem, but when cross-examined by Jeff\'s attorney, he has an episode on the witness stand, forcing the judge to call a recess. While the defense calls for a mistrial, a compromise is reached: another cross-examination will take place in a separate area, relayed back to the courtroom via closed-circuit TV, and without the presence of Jeff. Asked by Karen if he wants to try again, Michael types "I CAN DO IT MOM", and the trial proceeds. Things go smoother this time, and in the end, Jeff is found guilty of performing a lewd act upon a child. Karen then relays the good news to Michael, who types "WE WON" after hearing it. The film ends with Karen and Terry watching Michael play, Terry commenting that they still have a long way to go with him, but Karen assures her, "we\'ll go together. We\'re a good team."'] ["Princess Rosalinda Maria Montoya Fiore  is about to be crowned queen of the small nation of Costa Luna. General Kane , the dictator of neighboring country Costa Estrella, invades her palace with his agents during her coronation rehearsal, and attempts to capture the royal family and take over the country. Joe Mason , an agent of the Princess Protection Program, a secret organization funded by royal families that looks after endangered princesses, whisks her away to safety via helicopter. Kane’s agents, however, succeed in capturing her mother, Queen Sophia. The Princess Protection Program hides Rosalinda in Mason’s home in Louisiana, where she is to masquerade as a typical American teenager named Rosie Gonzalez. She meets Mason's daughter, Carter Mason , an insecure tomboy who works at the family bait shop and dreams of going to the homecoming dance with her crush, Donny ([[Robert Adamson . Though Carter initially treats Rosie with barely-masked hostility, she warms up to her after Rosie explains her situation, and the two become close friends. Carter teaches Rosalinda to act like a typical American teenager, and Rosie shows Carter how to disarm those that scorn them by behaving as a princess. Rosie soon becomes popular at their high school. In an attempt to trick Rosalinda into exposing her location, General Kane announces plans to forcibly marry Rosalinda’s mother. Rosalinda is distraught and tells Carter that she has decided to secretly return home. Knowing Costa Luna is still too dangerous, Carter secretly devises a plan to pose as Rosalinda and then use herself as bait to lure Kane into capture. Mr. Elegante, Rosalinda's royal dress maker, tells Kane that Rosalinda will be attending the homecoming dance and will be wearing a blue dress that he actually sends to Carter. In the meantime, Rosalinda agrees to help Carter behave like a princess by helping a group of girls dress up for the dance; The girls all wear masks, which helps Carter disguise herself as Rosalinda. According to plan, Kane and his agents mistake Carter for Rosie and lead her to Kane's helicopter the night of the dance. However, Rosalinda narrowly discovers and ruins the plan by exposing herself to Kane, insisting that this is not Carter's fight. Fortunately, agents of the Princess Protection Program, including Mr. Mason, have been waiting inside the helicopter and rescue both girls. The PPP agents quickly apprehend Kane and his henchmen and turn them over to the international authorities. At the end, Carter realizes that Donny is a jerk, and goes to the dance with Ed, her best friend who has had a crush on her for a long time. Rosie is crowned Queen of Costa Luna with Carter, Mason, Ed, Rosalinda's mother, and Mr. Elegante in attendance. One year later, they became agents of the princess protection program and protect other princesses in danger."] ["Students at Steinmetz High School are less than enthusiastic about anything in the classroom, except for Jolie Fitch, a junior who enjoys Dr. Jerry Plecki's English class and is involved heavily in all discussions, especially on his favorite book Paradise Lost. Aside from teaching, Dr. Plecki is offered the position of Academic Decathlon coach, a job all the other teachers consider to be a waste of time for them as well as the students. Dr. Plecki holds an open call for the students after class, but no one arrives to participate. He is about to leave for the day when Jolie comes in and convinces him that he needs to look for the smarter students and recruit them. He succeeds and the six students  spend the next few months studying hard for the regional competition. On the day of competition, they feel intimidated as they face their biggest competition: Whitney Young Magnet High School, a team that has consistently won the regional and state competitions for almost a decade. At the end of the decathlon, as predicted, Whitney Young is victorious and Steinmetz places 5th overall, but fortunately, those who place in the top five move on to the state competition. Overwhelmed with the anxiety of having to face Whitney Young in the next round, the students begin to feel that the whole decathlon is a waste of their time. But then, an opportunity arises as Matt's friend has given him a copy of the test for the state finals. Irwin takes the exam and gives it to Dr. Plecki who, despite his views on cheating, feels that it's their chance to bring down Whitney Young for good. After some coercion, all six members agree to dismiss their conscience about cheating and begin reviewing the booklet, copying the answers on various items . Dr. Plecki then takes Irwin out to the hall and explains that because he had the lowest scores in the group, he will be out of the state competition, but will be guaranteed a spot in nationals. Though Irwin is upset by the news, he agrees to go along with it. On the day of the state finals, a much more confident Steinmetz meets Whitney Young again, with an opportunity to end their long winning streak. The Steinmetz team successfully get through the exams with the answers they secretly wrote down and with Jolie coaching them in the Super Quiz. At the end of the day, Steinmetz is victorious and win the state finals with an overall score of 49,000. Whitney Young is upset and are suspicious about how Steinmetz could have improved their score within such a short time. As the five members and Dr. Plecki celebrate their victory, a spiteful Irwin writes an essay, detailing how he feels betrayed by Dr. Plecki and how they received an advance copy of the test ahead of time. Suspicions begin to arise when the essay is turned in to the principal, who questions Irwin about the truth of his essay. But the Illinois Academic Decathlon board arrives at the school with news that the team will need to take a retest to validate their scores, noting that their state score was nearly 10,000 points  higher than their regional score. If they refuse, they will lose their title as champions. Feeling betrayed by Irwin and angered by the board's ultimatum, they refuse to take the retest and plan to protect their title and reputation by seeking an injunction to halt the state from retesting them. As the media siege continues to get more and more brutal, the five members and Dr. Plecki have no one to trust or confide in but themselves, knowing that if they are exposed, they will lose everything they feel they've deserved. In the midst of the investigation, Dr. Plecki finds himself suspended, and the team members are taken to the board of education headquarters where they are interrogated individually. Despite being pressured, they refuse to come clean and say they did not cheat. However, Dominik ultimately breaks and confesses that they did cheat. As a result, the state title is stripped from Steinmetz and awarded to Whitney Young. Dr. Plecki is fired from Steinmetz High School, and the team members are harassed by the other students for ruining their reputation. Dr. Plecki decides to leave Chicago in hopes the media will go away and leave the team members alone. Before he leaves, the students present him with a gift: John Milton's book Paradise Lost signed by the team and the gold medal in Language and Literature that they didn't return to the board. With the team disbanded and Dr. Plecki now gone, Jolie feels that she's lost a mentor that actually cared about her academic possibilities and her team that supported each other. But in the end, Jolie gets accepted into college as the admissions board believed that her experience on the Academic Decathlon team allowed her to build character, and recognizes the merit of her achievements without cheating. In the epilogue, Dominik, Agneiska, and Matt went off to college, Paul worked in a warehouse, Darius' whereabouts are unknown, Irwin went to college to become a journalist, and Dr. Plecki started a business. As a result of the 1995 cheating scandal, Steinmetz High School was banned from fielding an Academic Decathlon team for ten years. They returned to the competition in 2006."] ["Missie Davis  is a hard-working woman who is devoted to both her teaching profession and agricultural labor. She almost fell deeply in love with Grant Thomas , a railroad heir who begins to court her. However, Willie Nathan LaHaye , an odd stranger with a troubled past, appears. Willie helps Missie's father after he has an almost fatal accident. Positioned in a dilemma between two distinct men, Missie learns what is truly important."] ['Twin girls Jessica and Susie  live with their father, Steven ([[Patrick Cassidy  in the city. They have a dream about somebody saying "This town ain\'t big enough for the 3 of us" and having a shootout but argue who makes their move first. One day, they receive a letter from their godmother Natty  inviting them to a dude ranch. Natty, not knowing about their mother\'s death, wants their mother to come help her at the ranch. Natty is having financial problems because the ranch has too few paying visitors and, although she has offers, Natty does not want to sell the ranch. The girls try to ask their Dad\'s uptight boss, "The Dragonlady", for their dad\'s vacation time, only to get him fired. They lie and say that The Dragonlady said that they could go. The girls and their father go to the ranch and attempt to help Natty. As they arrive they meet a Native American called George Tailfeathers  and Natty\'s not-too-bright son Bart Gafooley . Jessica and Susie\'s deceased mother\'s horse, Lightning, leads them to their mother\'s secret hideout carved in a tree. They find half of a stone owl and a bear, plus their mom\'s diary which tells how Bart had once tried to set fire to the ranch plus Bart\'s secret hideout in a place called "The Bear\'s Mouth". As the girls finish reading, they see smoke and start running towards it, thinking it\'s another fire but they find out it\'s Bart burning papers. The girls lie to him that a piece of paper landed on the roof so they can find out what they are. They find out that Bart has been turning people away from the ranch. Trying to take a paper to Natty to show what Bart\'s doing, they are chased by Bart who falls in the pig sty and gets covered in mud. Bart tears up the paper and snarls, "This ranch ain\'t big enough for the 3 of us", which brings the girls to a conclusion that Bart was the one in the dream. Right before Bart can do any more, George backs them up with a riding lesson. At lunch, despite Bart\'s orders not to, the girls convince Natty to fix up the ranch and open it again. Later, Bart finds out that Steven is fired and is about to tell him the truth but gives the girls a chance to tell them themselves. Despite Natty\'s offers, Steven turns down her job offerings. Later, the girls find a hidden trapdoor under a stuffed bear  and go inside and find out that Bart is selling the ranch to make Gafooleyland Theme Park. Before Natty is about to sign the deed to the ranch to Bart, the girls convince her what Bart is up to. Heartbroken, she orders him off her land or else he\'d "get a good spanking". Meanwhile, Steven tries to get a loan but is turned down. What he doesn\'t know is that the bank is already with Bart on the whole deal. That night, the girls run off to Denver to convince Leo McRugger, the guy who Bart is selling the ranch to, to not go through with the deal. Their offers are so interesting, McRugger and his executives decide to come down for a week just to see if the place is actually what the girls are talking about. The ranch is fixed up with the help of George, Steven, Natty, the girls, and Laura Forrester  Steven\'s girlfriend. The activities are set up. However, every activity is sabotaged by Bart. Just when all is lost, the girls decide to find a lost treasure since they have a map. But first, they trap Bart so he can\'t do any more damage. The girls and everyone else find the gold, which turns out to be Fool\'s Gold, but still pleases McRugger and his executives. He agrees to spare the ranch. As they head to the river, they are confronted by Bart. Bart tries to escape in a canoe. The girls go after him only to be grabbed by him and taken down the river. Bart heads them down rapids and then realizes that they\'re headed for a dam. Down the river, the girls see a rope hanging off a bridge. They grab it and hang on: "Hasta La Vista, Bart". "HEY!!!!!" Bart yells and gets mad as he plunges down the dam, not dying but getting severely injured and forced to watch the people dance. Pretty soon, the girls write their own diary...'] ['Germany discover ancient ruins full of stone gargoyles. They bring the gargoyles to life to combat U.S. forces. Instead the gargoyles kill the Nazis and then attack local villages. After an American bomber attack is devastated by the gargoyles, the US launches another bomber force in an attempt to destroy them. The crew of a bomber, the \'Grey Ghost\' flown by \'Gus\'  is attacked by the gargoyles and crashes. The crew parachute to safety before the bomber crashes, but are again attacked by gargoyles. Some are rescued by British soldiers, others by local villagers. The remaining crew all meet up again in a church the locals are sheltering in. A local woman fills them in on the legends behind the gargoyles. :A group of pagans built a statue of their "horned king" deity out of a mysterious \'bloodstone\' and brought it to life to take vengeance on their persecutors. It destroyed their enemies, but found it could bring other stone gargoyles to life itself. It built a gargoyle army of its own then turned on its creators and killed them all. The gargoyles can be defeated as they were once before, by piercing the heart of the original gargoyle with the Spear of Destiny. The knight who defeated the gargoyles was buried with the spear. To overcome the gargoyles the flight crew must retrieve the spear. The \'King Gargoyle\' attacks, tearing a soldier in half. The church and surrounds are then bombed by Junkers 88 German JU-88 bombers, which the gargoyles attacks. The American aircrew, village woman and British soldiers leave to find the spear. The German army arrives looking for the aircrew and kill a villager to force the others to talk. Two of the aircrew, Porter and Nash, are captured by the German army and left tied up in the open to distract the gargoyles. The tomb is reached and the spear recovered. However, the Germans arrive just then and attack. Most of them are killed, but Gus  is shot and killed by the last German Officer. The Officer is then shot, and the gargoyles arrive, but hold back in fear of the Spear. Down to four, two British, the woman and one airman discover their friends remains, then continue on to the ruins to kill the \'King\' gargoyle. They enter the ruins and are again attacked by the gargoyles. They kill many and also retrieve many maps and other documents left by the Nazis. One of the fliers and a British soldier fly a German Heinkel 111  bomber up to confront the Gargoyles, while the remaining airman and the village woman on the ground are also attacked. The King gargoyle is rammed by the bomber and those aboard stab him with the Spear, returning him to stone. All the other gargoyles also turn back into stone, just in the nick of time to save the woman and airman below in the ruins.'] ['The story begins with a scene featuring star singer Olivia King  leaving her daughter Kayla, who was an infant  at the time. It is revealed that Kayla was born in Atlanta, Georgia, but in her later years, she would move to St. Louis, Missouri. Kayla  attends a concert featuring Olivia, not knowing at the time that the singer is her mother. When Olivia breaks the news to Kayla, she suddenly shows resentment towards Olivia from the fact that she had been abandoned many years ago. Olivia tries to form a relationship with Kayla, and the young star reluctantly agrees. As the story progresses, Olivia resides in New York City, with a fancy penthouse apartment and a chauffeur; it is there that Kayla decides to become a superstar, just like her mother. Soon, she signs a record deal, and records an album. She then finds a steamy romance with a handsome older music executive, Ric Ortega . However, Kayla continues to harbor bitter feelings towards Olivia, feelings which boil over during their record label\'s Grammy Party. After Kayla\'s performance, Olivia is asked to perform by the head of the label, causing Kayla to resent her mother for "stealing her spotlight". However, after discovering that Ric revealed her true parentage to the press, Kayla dissolves her relationship with him. Eventually, her feelings about her mother change, and she begins to accept the truth about her mother and the events that took place when she was younger.'] ['At Fallbrook Middle School, the annual student-elected Teacher of the Year award ceremony is held. Every year for the last 43 years, Norman Warner, fondly called Stormin\' Norman, has won the award. During the ceremony, he collapses and dies. The burden of carrying the legacy falls to Matt Warner, son of the late Norman Warner who has always lived in the shadow of his father. Determined to keep the family tradition of being Teacher of the Year alive, Matt focuses all his attention and efforts in winning the coveted title. But the new history teacher, Mr. Michael D\'Angelo becomes the new student favorite. He is called, even by fellow and senior teachers, "Mr. D". Young, funny, with unconventional methods of teaching and an uncanny ability to connect with his students, Mr. D. quickly wins the hearts not only of the students but also the teachers, especially the young art teacher, Ms. Davies. Now that Mr. D. is the most popular teacher on campus, Matt feels that he has no chances of winning against Mr. D. Now obsessed with discrediting Mr. D, Matt soon forgets what it means to be a teacher. Desperate to find a flaw in "Mr Perfect", Matt follows Mr. D around town and discovers a secret the alarmingly perfect teacher is hiding: Mr. D has been diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer and does not have long to live. Shocked by the startling discovery into realizing his own pettiness, Matt slowly changes his ways of teaching and in the process wins the hearts of his students. When Mr. D stops coming to teach because of his worsening illness, the students become depressed by the situation. Matt steps in to cheer up the student\'s spirits and leads the basketball team to a victory with a special guest appearance with 30 seconds left in the game by Mr. D. The film concludes after three years have passed and Matt\'s own son is now in high school, and Matt is teaching a brand new year of pupils in his life science class. He has won the Teacher of the Year for the last two years, Mr. D having won the award in the school year of 2003. The art teacher, Ms. Davies, inherited Mr. D\'s car. The film ends with a close-up of a photo in Matt\'s classroom of himself, Mr. D, and the basketball team with "Michael D\'Angelo 1967-2003" inscribed on the bottom of the frame.'] ['Based on a true story about Romanian Olympic gymnast Nadia Comaneci. Nadia began training competitively at age six, after being discovered by world-famous coaches, Bela Karolyi and his wife Marta. She became the first Olympic gymnast to score a perfect 10 at age 14 and walked away with three gold medals, one silver medal and one bronze at the 1976 Montreal Olympics. Her weight gain and the increasing pressure of competition later threatened her career. {{Expand section}}'] ['{{Expand section}} Guided by a holographic mentor, three aliens take the form of beautiful American women in order to stop an intergalactic terrorist , from destroying Earth.'] ['The film is based on the life stories of the eccentric paternal aunt and first cousin of Jackie Onassis, both named Edith Bouvier Beale. The elder Edith Bouvier Beale was the sister of Jackie Onassis\'s father John Vernou Bouvier III and was referred to as "Big Edie", her daughter was referred to as "Little Edie". The Beale women were members of NYC high society, but in their later years, withdrew from the New York City life, taking shelter at their Long Island summer home/estate Grey Gardens. Phelan Beale , eventually divorced "Big Edie". "Little Edie" decides to move to New York to pursue a career in acting . "Little Edie" sadly and slowly realizes her fate is to remain her mother\'s companion at Grey Gardens. The two women become reclusive and known around town as the highly eccentric proprietors of Grey Gardens, which has become decrepit and full of stray animals taken in by the Beale women. It includes the filming of the documentary Grey Gardens by Albert and David Maysles and events in the Beales\' past including their arrival at the estate, the disintegration of Big Edie\'s marriage, Little Edie\'s failed attempts to have her own life, and events subsequent to the premiere of the documentary. The movie ends with Little Edie singing "Tea for Two" at the Reno Sweeney cabaret in Greenwich Village, and the quote, "My mother gave me a truly priceless life."'] ['Act I "Combined Intelligence" agent James Bond comes under fire from an assassin: he manages to dodge the bullets and enters Casino Royale. There he meets his British contact, Clarence Leiter, who remembers "Card Sense Jimmy Bond" from when he played the Maharajah of Deauville. While Bond explains the rules of baccarat, Leiter explains Bond\'s mission: to defeat Le Chiffre at baccarat and force his Soviet spymasters to "retire" him. Bond then encounters a former lover, Valerie Mathis who is Le Chiffre\'s current girlfriend; he also meets Le Chiffre himself. Act II Bond beats Le Chiffre at baccarat but, when he returns to his hotel room, is confronted by Le Chiffre and his bodyguards, along with Mathis, who Le Chiffre has discovered is an agent of the Deuxième, France\'s external military intelligence agency at the time. Act III Le Chiffre tortures Bond in order to find out where Bond has hidden the cheque for his winnings, but Bond does not reveal where it is. After a fight between Bond and Le Chiffre\'s guards, Bond shoots and wounds Le Chiffre, saving Valerie in the process. Exhausted, Bond sits in a chair opposite Le Chiffre to talk. Mathis gets in between them and Le Chiffre grabs her from behind, threatening her with a concealed razor blade. As Le Chiffre moves towards the door with Mathis as a shield, she struggles, breaking free slightly and Bond is able to shoot Le Chiffre.'] ['It focused on a black television producer , who works for a major network, and the troubles she faces in her environment, mainly painting a positive portrayal of African-Americans in the media.'] ['The McKaskel family, newly arrived in 1876 Wyoming, get help by frontiersman Con Vallian to defend themselves against outlaws.'] ['{{Plot}} The movie begins with Gilligan and the Skipper in their hut. It then shows a satellite belonging to an unidentified country  experiencing technical problems. The scientists controlling the satellite attempt to destroy the disc by launching it into space. This disc holds some very important, top secret information. Seconds later, the satellite blows up. The metal disc from the satellite is not destroyed, instead making it through the Earth\'s atmosphere and landing right at the edge of the lagoon eventually being found by Gilligan himself. After Gilligan shows him the disc, the Professor realizes that the unique alloy can be used to make a barometer. While using the new barometer, the Professor makes an educated guess that they are going to be hit by a tsunami of such magnitude, it will destroy the island . The Professor has the castaways maneuver three huts together and secure them to one another  hoping they might stand a chance at surviving the killer wave. When the castaways awaken the next morning, they realize that the Professor\'s prediction had come true- they had been swept off the island and their lashed together huts had become a makeshift raft. They use clothes donated by the Howells to make a sail, and try to make their way to land. In an attempt to broil a snapper he had caught, Gilligan makes a fire on the deck, and as Gilligan normally does, he walked away and left the fire unattended while he told the gang the good news about the cooking fish. Unfortunately for Gilligan, the fire begins to spread out of control. At first, angry at Gilligan for doing another one of his stupid stunts, the castaways are then grateful when the United States Coast Guard spots the smoke and rescues them. After being towed to Hawaii, the castaways names are announced to the anxious crowds. Most of the cast\'s full names are recited, but a bullhorn obscures part of the first mate\'s name, and all that is heard is "Gilligan". The crew, at first, are confused by modern life. They are informed that the President is now Jimmy Carter, and that they had missed the presidencies of Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. After a ton of hoopla and media hype, including not only the key to the city but also a ticker tape parade in their honor, the group hug it out and move on to begin their new lives apart agreeing though to meet again at Christmas aboard the S.S. Minnow II. During the interview on TV after the ticker tape parade, the powers that be of the unknown country are made aware that Gilligan is in possession of the recording disc from their satellite. Determined to recover it, they send two spies to try to get it from Gilligan, by any means necessary. The Skipper and Gilligan are next seen hard at work, refurbishing the S. S. Minnow II. However, the insurance company informs them that they will not be able to get a settlement unless their former passengers sign a statement testifying that the Skipper was not responsible for the shipwreck. First they find Ginger. She is making a movie, and is upset at the changes in Hollywood in the last 15 years. She is told that sex and swearing are what makes a movie successful, and that nothing else matters. The director overhears Gilligan talking about some of the recent movies that had neither sex nor swearing, and quickly decides that acting is what really matters. Ginger signs the insurance statement, and the Skipper and Gilligan go off to find The Professor. The Professor is trying to get back into research and is busying himself in his lab conducting experiments. First, four cheerleaders enter the lab and inform him that he has been selected as the Home Coming King and they belt out a cheer they have created for this special occasion. He attempts to rebuff them but they insist that he must accept as all the women on campus are "into him" and he is so "macho", words that are clearly alien to him. He finally agrees just to get them to leave his lab and allow him to get back to his experiments. Second, a Miss Ainsworth from the Anthropology department enters and asks him if he had been witness to any tribal courtship rituals as her department had a vested interest in them. He assures her he has witnessed some and one in particular had the natives sharing a straw while drinking coconut milk. She then gives into her obvious attraction for the Professor and bends him over and begins kissing him passionately. She only really stops when Gilligan and the Skipper knock and enter his lab, whereby she drops the Professor to the ground and hastily makes her exit. And then finally, after Gilligan has been misdirected by the Professor and knocks over a fake experiment, the Professor introduces them to his latest inventions- the frisbee and the skateboard. As Gilligan is amusing himself on the skateboard, the Dean of the college enters the lab and is immediately run into by Gilligan. After the Skipper and Gilligan leave, the Dean tries to get the Professor to stop his research and teaching to concentrate on fund-raising. Later, the former castaways agree that things were much simpler on the island, and the Professor signs the insurance statement. Next they go to meet the Howells. They are having dinner with old friends, and are trying to find their way back into their old financial and social circles. The Howells are delighted when the Skipper and Gilligan arrive unannounced to get the insurance statement signed. The Howells introduce them to their upper class social friends before going into the library to discuss matters. However, over the intercom they overhear their rich "friends" making insults toward Gilligan and the Skipper. The Howells angrily throw their supposed friends out of their house and off their property. It is apparent that the Howells have grown substantially during their time on the island and they too sign the insurance statement willingly. The Skipper and Gilligan go see Mary Ann. After 15 years, she is set to marry her fiancé, Herbert. However, she is sad for some reason, and her best friend Cindy tries to console her. Mary Ann explains that she and Herbert have both changed over the course of 15 years and she no longer loves him. Cindy says she should call off the wedding but Mary Ann insists she must do the right thing and marry Herbert as he has waited so many years for her. Again unannounced, the Skipper and Gilligan show up looking for a signature for the insurance statement. Mary Ann is thrilled to see them but they notice she is quite unhappy. She brushes it off and asks them to stay for the wedding. . For whatever reason, Mary Ann\'s best friend Cindy, confides her true feelings regarding Herbert, and his for her, to Gilligan and the Skipper. They decide that they must "save" Mary Ann from making a huge mistake so they grab a tractor pulling an old wooden wheeled wagon laden with watermelon and proceed to "scoop" Mary Ann out of the arms of Herbert. Subsequently the two spies  and all the male guests begin running after what is clearly the slowest tractor ever and almost catch the threesome until Gilligan ingeniously hurls a single watermelon into the group and they tumble over like a perfect strike! Then the Skipper joins in and the men continue to slip and slide and trip over themselves in their attempt to go after them. Meanwhile, as Mary Ann contemplates how to break the news to Herbert without breaking his heart, in the background you can hear the traditional wedding music that is played as the married couple have their first kiss and we see Herbert and Cindy are that kissing couple. Suffice it to say, Mary Ann is out of her predicament and the Skipper gets his insurance statement signed. Eventually the insurance company pays for the S. S. Minnow, and the castaways and crew are ready for a cruise on the S. S. Minnow II. The spies make one last attempt to get the disc, but are thwarted at the last minute by the FBI. Finally, the cruise gets under way. However, just like 15 years before, the S. S. Minnow II is caught in a storm, , because while cleaning the compass, dear old Gilligan had rendered it useless by removing the dirty old piece of metal , thereby causing the Skipper to sail for hours in the wrong direction, putting them way out to sea. Consequently they were so off course after the storm they had no idea where they were. When the storm had finally subsided, the group are seen pulling themselves from the water onto a beach, thankful that they are alive. After getting some not-so-happy looks by the rest of the gang, Gilligan high tails it into the jungle. As the others talk of how they have no idea where they are, Gilligan returns to say he does and shows them a piece of wood from the S.S. Minow. The group react in shock to realize they landed right back on the same island and when Glligan says "we\'re home," the Skipper chases him into the lagoon.'] ['Police officer Steve Murtaugh is blackmailed for having an extramarital affair. Moving with his wife from Chicago to Portland Oregon, the blackmailer follows.'] ['Homeless woman Yvonne Caldwell  is a woman with good reason to be bitter: she has lost everything except her two beloved dogs, Bebe and Man-Man. With her one friend, Wes , Caldwell lives the daily struggle of being homeless in Los Angeles until a chance encounter caused by her dogs leads to a friendship with LAPD officer Tami Baumann , and hope for a better life begins in earnest for Yvonne. Friendship between the two women seemed improbable, but their friendship provided a base of support and respect for Yvonne and Tami for more than five years.'] ['A young married couple, Celia and David , move into a new home and meet their seemingly venerable neighbor Harold . Harold is in fact a psychotic killer who has created a family using the skeletons of his former victims. His family consists of a wife and a daughter, and later a father and a mother, all of whom Harold seems to believe are fully alive. He dresses them in clothing, moves them around the house, and talks with them as if they can talk back. He also hallucinates that a teenage girl was asking him to kill her so his "daughter" could have a sister, and at dinner, he hears Celia express a desire to have rough sex right there on the table. There is also the hint that he replaces family members when he finds a new victim. Celia and David, however, have a secret of their own: years ago, Harold killed their daughter, and they have been tracking him down ever since. They lure him into a trap and exact their revenge. David says they can torture him 10 to 14 more days, and Harold\'s frightened reaction appears behind the end credits.'] ['The movie is told through various points of view in a semi-documentary. Generosa  is a struggling artist who sells real estate, and one day, when client Ted  fails to show up, she goes over to confront him. They soon fall in love, get married and are happy for several years during which time they adopt twin orphans: Alexa  and Greg . Whether a result of being a mother or from an organic or drug induced biochemical imbalance, Generosa becomes increasingly paranoid accusing Ted of, among other indiscretions, adultery. Her erratic behavior tears the marriage apart, thereby unleashing a very contentious divorce procedure with Generosa demanding custody of the twins, ownership of their house in the Hamptons and, if possible, all of Ted\'s wealth. She even resorts to lying to the children about Ted in an attempt to turn them against him. Unable to come to an agreement, Generosa and the twins stay at a hotel where she meets her contractor Daniel "Danny" Pelosi , and the two start a relationship, with him pushing her to hold out for money from Ted. When Ted is murdered, she inherits all of Ted\'s estate; Three months thereafter, she and Danny get married. She holds back the truth about Ted\'s death from her children by telling them that Ted committed suicide by drinking alcohol, along with swallowing pills. They eventually come under police suspicion. Generosa learns that she\'s dying from breast cancer. Danny wants custody of the kids, but Generosa rejects the idea because of the fact that he\'d been partying and spending her money carelessly. She changes her will, leaving Danny with only $2,000,000, $1,000,000 to her housekeeper and nanny, Kaye, and the remainder of her wealth to her children. Kaye also receives custody of the children and soon, she sends Greg away to a private school, while his sister remains behind. Some time after Generosa\'s death, Danny is arrested for Ted\'s murder. In 2004, Danny is found guilty and he is sentenced to 25 years to life.'] [' Franklin Swift  is a struggling construction worker trying to keep his mind off romance. Zora Banks  is a woman who is working as a teacher with a promising musical career. The last thing either of them needs is a lover. When they meet one afternoon in Brooklyn, New York, neither one can walk away. Now, they must confront the financial and social challenges that test the strength of their love. The film begins with Zora moving from Manhattan to her newly renovated brownstone in Brooklyn. Franklin is polishing the floors in what will be her new apartment. Franklin informs her that she cannot move in yet due to her woodgrain floors not being dry. An upset Zora then threatens to fire one of the moving men, who proceed to leave her furniture and boxes on the sidewalk. Desperate, she asks Franklin to help her move her things. After moving her in, they begin to talk and he asks her who is helping her unpack and get settled in; she replies by saying no one is helping her. Franklin offers to help and, although skeptical, Zora eventually takes his offer and they agree to meet the next evening. Franklin gets temporarily laid off from his renovation job and stands Zora up. Once she realizes he is not coming, she goes out for Chinese take-out and finally catches up to Franklin, who apologizes for not showing. Zora dismisses him, stating that he was the one who offered and she can do the work herself. Franklin then offers to help her now and jokes about sharing her take-out food. After they unpack some of her boxes, they get acquainted and Franklin shares his aspirations to become a licensed contractor so he can renovate brownstones. Zora encourages him and the two make plans to have dinner at a later time, after Zora gets more settled. While out at happy hour with girlfriends Portia  and Claudette , Zora tells her friends about Franklin and is criticized by Portia for dating men who are unable to support her financially. Zora responds that she has had her time dating "suit and tie brothers". Later while Zora is walking home, she finds Franklin waiting for her on the stoop and chastises him for coming by without warning. Franklin says he was waiting for her because he wanted to see her. Zora invites Franklin inside. Now in her apartment, Zora goes to get Franklin a drink and then he begins to caress her while she\'s still at the fridge. Realizing they cannot hide their mutual attraction, Franklin proceeds to perform cunnilingus on Zora. Later, the couple, now in bed, talk of their dreams and aspirations; Zora wants to become a singer and Franklin wants to get his contracting business off the ground. Both confess that they were putting off love until they got themselves together. Franklin then tells Zora that he is not a wealthy man. Zora reassures him, stating that she is not looking for a rich man. The two began their courtship and spend a lot of time together eating home cooked meals, playing Scrabble, and watching television. While getting a drink with his friend Jimmy , Franklin expresses that he likes Zora because she listens and they talk more than have sex. Jimmy then repays a loan that Franklin had made him. Franklin uses part of the money to get Zora\'s piano out of layaway. Zora then auditions for up-and-coming producer Reggie Baptiste , and gets cut a deal to do a six-song demo with him. Franklin and Zora have dinner together and he confesses that he dropped out of high school in the eleventh grade, never earning a GED. He also tells her that although separated for the last four years, he is still married with two sons. Zora doesn\'t take the news well and Franklin accuses her of caring more about "degrees and dollars" than their relationship. The next day, Zora finds Franklin at work and admits that she would not have gotten involved with him had she known the truth about him earlier. She then confides that she loves him and asks him to move in with her, expressing the desire to meet his children. In return, he tells her he loves her and promises that as soon as he gets the money he will get the divorce. Zora meets Franklin\'s sons, Marcus  and Tyree , and while the younger Tyree warms up to Zora quickly after she teaches him some notes on her piano, Marcus is not so welcoming to her. Despite all the obstacles, the couple continue to fall deeper in love, but things come to a head when Zora suffers an epileptic seizure while sleeping. The next morning when confronted by Franklin on why he ever knew of her condition, she says she didn\'t want to scare him off and didn\'t know how he would handle it. Franklin reassures her that will it take more than that to get him to walk away.'] ['When a photojournalist  photographs a mysterious stranger performing an act of bravery, the act quickly becomes headline news and the town dubs the stranger "John Christmas". After seeing the photo, Kathleen McAllister  becomes convinced that the mysterious stranger is in fact her long-lost brother Hank . With the town\'s help, Kathleen and Noah set about to find the stranger\'s true identity with the help Max , a Christmas angel. Filmed in Nova Scotia, Canada, the film featured a scene of a burning school based on the real Our Lady of the Angels School fire in Chicago, Illinois in 1958."Ask Valerie." CBS.com'] ['Charlie  works for a company that is taken over by Walcott  who believes family values are a priority. Career-driven Charlie does a little fibbing when under the pressure of Walcott\'s standards, and believes she\'s in the clear. But when Walcott invites himself over for dinner, she borrows her friend\'s house and daughter  and hires actor Buck  to play her husband for the evening. The one-night "act" turns into a full-time gig when her boss decides to rent the house next door for the summer, forcing Charlie and Buck to stay together in the fake lifestyle she created.'] ['After a community activist , charged with the murder of two NYPD officers, one of them his ex-wife, is found not guilty due to legal technicalities, the arresting detective  takes the judge, jury, and defendant hostage, and decides to have a new trial, presenting evidence that was not previously allowed. His captain  tries to convince the detective to end his hostage taking peaceably.'] ['{{plot}} Lucy Westenra spies on her sister Mina saying farewell to the latter\'s fiancée, Jonathan Harker. He is leaving on a business trip to Transylvania. The scene then shifts to the Borgo Pass where Harker is left alone by the local driver. He flatly refuses to wait for Harker and tosses his luggage out before driving away. Soon, another carriage approaches, from Castle Dracula  but the coachman does not speak. After reaching the ruined castle, Harker emerges and the coach drives away. Then Dracula himself opens the door for him, uttering the famous line "Welcome to my house. Enter freely and of your own will." Harker, a solicitor, is there to expedite Count Dracula\'s purchase of several properties in England, including Carfax Abbey. The Count is urbane and gracious, but also vaguely sinister. He insists Harker stay for a month to tutor him on the finer points of English. As time goes by, Harker witnesses increasingly bizarre events. The Count—who has fangs and long fingernails—casts no reflection in the mirror. Twice Harker spots the Count crawling head first down the outside wall of the castle, seemingly defying gravity. Finally, he violates the Count\'s rules and goes to sleep in the library, where three beautiful women appear and seem to entrance him—until interrupted by Dracula himself, who gives the three a baby, which they devour. Harker explores and finds the Count asleep in a coffin, then tries to kill him with a shovel . In England, Mina and Lucy go to the seaside town of Whitby and befriend an old sailor named Swales who tells them stories. One day, the three of them are atop a hill as a storm approaches, and the sailor notes a ship is in the storm, en route. This ship is the Demeter, which goes aground. Swales is found dead the next morning, at the very spot where he\'d last seen and chatted with Mina and Lucy. Dr. John Seward, owner of a local asylum, is friendly with the Westenra family as well as Quincey Holmwood, an American diplomat who has become engaged to Lucy. Among Seward\'s patients is the madman Renfield who is somehow aware of Dracula\'s arrival, and worships  him. Then, one night, Lucy goes sleepwalking into the local graveyard. Mina follows and briefly spots Dracula holding Lucy in his arms. From that night on, Lucy begins to change. She grows pale and weak, but rallies after sunset, and also begins to sport tiny fangs. While everyone worries over her, she welcomes Dracula to her bedroom where he drinks her blood. Seward finally call on his friend Abraham Van Helsing for help with Lucy\'s strange illness. He almost immediately recognizes the signs and protects the girl\'s bedroom with garlic. Meanwhile, Mina receives word that Jonathan has turned up in a convent in Budapest, weak and delirious . She goes to be with, and marry him. While she is gone, a final attack happens at the Westenra home as a wolf crashes through Lucy\'s bedroom window. The shock kills her mother . When found, Lucy is sprawled across the bed, pale and nearly dead. As she fades, her manner shifts from her pure self to a kind of wild voluptuousness. When she finally dies, Van Helsing notices the wounds on her throat have vanished—and that she no longer casts a reflection. Mina returns, deeply saddened at the loss of her family. Van Helsing takes Seward to Lucy\'s grave near dawn. They find a child nearby, dazed and talking about the "Bloofer lady"  and with tell-tale fang marks on his throat. Van Helsing insists Seward and Quincey accompany him to Lucy\'s grave, where they see her approach—blood on her lips and gown. She speaks lovingly to Quincey, who nearly succumbs but flees when Van Helsing shows her a cross. In the tomb, Van Helsing explains what must be done and Quincey drives a wooden stake into Lucy\'s heart. Later, the professor fills her mouth with garlic and cuts off her head. Harker, Van Helsing, Seward and Quincey all go to Carfax Abbey to sterilize the boxes of his native earth Dracula has had shipped there. They don\'t realize that now Dracula is visiting Mina and has bitten her. But Renfield does realize, and seeks to warn her and Seward. In revenge Dracula kills him, but before he dies Renfield manages to warn the men—who rush to Mina\'s bedroom, only to find her drinking blood from Dracula\'s chest. Dracula himself vanishes as they enter. Mina becomes hysterical, especially after Van Helsing touches her forehead with a piece of Holy Wafer and it sears her flesh. From that moment on, until Dracula\'s demise, she carries the scar as well as slightly noticeable fangs. As they continue to find Dracula\'s boxes, rendering them useless to him with crosses and the Host, they realize he must flee back to his castle. They follow. Eventually, Van Helsing and Mina go directly overland to the Castle while the others follow Dracula\'s coffin, transported by Gypsies. In the Transylvanian wilderness, Dracula\'s brides approach the pair, but Van Helsing draws a circle around them, filling it with pieces of Holy Wafer. The Brides cannot pass, although they call to Mina to join them, naming her "Sister". The next morning, Van Helsing goes into the Castle, driving wooden stakes in each of the Brides\' hearts . Finally, there is a chase. Harker, Seward and Quincey are chasing the carriage that carries Dracula\'s coffin. In the process, they must fight Gypsies loyal to Dracula. At one point, Harker is saved when Mina shoots a threatening Gypsy with a rifle. With hardly a moment to spare, the pursuers reach the coffin and pull off its cover. Inside, Dracula smiles noticing that it is almost sunset. But Van Helsing drives a long wooden stake into the vampire\'s heart, and his body erupts into a mini-sandstorm. All that is left are his clothes and ashes.'] ["Heidi Fleiss , the daughter of a prominent Los Angeles doctor, becomes a prostitute for well-known Los Angeles madame Alex . She soon takes over her boss' operation and begins raking in $300,000 a month by hiring only the most beautiful and high-class prostitutes and catering to wealthy Hollywood types, Europeans, Arab sheiks, and American corporate executives. Her operation is broken up by Los Angeles police in 1993 and she is eventually sent to prison for income tax evasion."] ['The film begins with the murder of a young man as he opens his car door in a parking garage. The film then turns to catching us up with Jesse, who as it turns out hasn’t been up to much. After his suspension, Jesse Stone sinks into seclusion and alcoholism. Ordered not to communicate with his former subordinates while on suspension, no one is able to reach him. Eventually Rose becomes concerned and asks Jesse’s friend Captain Healy, the State Police Homicide Commander, to check in on him. Healy is still recovering from his gunshot wounds, and is supposed to be on medical leave, but as he informs Jesse – he’s taking his leave at his office. Healy finds Jesse looking disheveled, drunk, and despondent. Shortly after arriving, Jesse receives a phone call from Jenn, so Healy excuses himself. Jenn tells Jesse that she needs to talk to him because she and Elliot had a fight. Angered by this, Jesse tells Jenn that they shouldn’t speak anymore, then rips the phone out of the wall and throws it across the room. Later he buys a cell phone, but Rose has to help him program it. He only gives the number to her, and a few others, warning them not to give it to anyone else. It appears that Jesse and Rose are becoming close. After a second murder in a parking garage, Healy asks Jesse to work as a private consultant to the Boston police department on the investigation. He does this partly to help his friend, but mostly because he needs Jesse’s experience. Jesse soon learns that the first victim had ties to Boston mob boss, Gino Fish. However when Jesse questions Fish about the man, Fish denies ever knowing him, as does his secretary Allen. After a third murder, Jesse questions Fish again, who then admits that he knew the first victim, but that he hadn’t seen him for a couple of days before the murder. Allen confirms this. Later Jesse takes Sister Mary John on a sort of date. At dinner he asks if Allen or Gino had been trying to get anymore young girls, but she hints to the fact that Allen and Gino are probably gay. He also discovers that the place, Milly’s, that the first victim was leaving when he was killed, was a gay bar, and a favorite destination of Allen and Gino’s. He suspects that Allen saw Gino and the first victim together there. After having sometime to contemplate the revelation that Gino and Allen are gay, and probably in a relationship, he begins to suspect that Allen may have murdered the first victim out of jealousy. Having a master’s degree in Criminal Psychology, Allen would have known that the murder would eventually be connected to him, unless he could provide another explanation for it. So he then murdered the other two to hide his motive and make it look like a serial killer. Jesse confronts Gino, and later Allen with this information. Jesse calls Allen to have him meet him at Milly’s at 3pm to discuss matters further. Allen says he won’t be there and then vomits in his toilet. He then retrieves the murder weapon and throws it in the ocean. Later, while waiting for Allen at Milly’s, Jesse witnesses Allen’s murder in a hit and run. Jesse and Commander Healy later speculate that Gino ordered this fearing that Allen’s confession would lead people to discovering Gino was gay and destroy his underworld reputation.'] ["{{Expand section}} In the film, Warbucks , 13 year old Annie , her friend Hannah , an eccentric scientist  and an orphan named Molly  travel to England, where Warbucks is to be knighted by the King. However, the kids get mixed up in the scheme of an evil noblewoman known as Lady Edwina Hogbottom  to blow up Buckingham Palace while all the heirs to the throne are present for Warbucks' knighting, thus making her queen."] ["Following the death of her mother, Tess Silverman travels to Drover's Run, the farm where she spent the first few years of her life. Drover's is a rural cattle property in South Australia, to reconnect with her only remaining family, her father Jack and her sister Claire, whom she has not seen in 20 years, since her mother left Jack and moved to the city, and taking Tess with her. Tess arrives in a complex situation and finds herself meeting an adoring father but a hostile sister whom she no longer knows and who resents her sudden arrival and even quicker ability to win over Jack, something she herself has never been able to accomplish. Tess is content with making her visit a short one and continue on to Venice to move on with her life but the sudden death of their father forces Tess and Claire to overcome their differences and the many obstacles before them to realise their father's dream of running Drover's Run together.{{cite web}}"] ["Amidst a Southern Utah Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints communuity, BeckyLyn  is accused of murdering her polygamist husband. A fellow wife, Queenie  is convinced of her friend's innocence and with BeckyLyn's son, Jordan  they work to clear his mother's name.Monday's TV highlights Los Angeles Times. 13 September 2010"] ['Doug  and Robbie Smith  are a happily married couple about to retire and spend their days cruising around the world on their sailboat. But before they have the chance to leave, their good friend Judge David Roberts , asks them to care for two teenage boys he sentenced to juvenile hall. The facility is currently at capacity and instead of being sent to county jail, the judge tells the couple that the boys can help them prepare their boat for sailing day. The Smiths agree and soon take on two more boys with similar circumstances. The Smiths are soon faced with a variety of challenges from the boys ranging from their surly attitude, to a fire. Ultimately Doug and Robbie see positive changes in the four young men who are now reluctant to leave their new "family." Doug and Robbie also see changes in themselves as they rethink their sailing trip, their decision not to have children, and what their future now holds.'] ['The Postcard Bandit, a 2003 telemovie, tells the story of Brenden James Abbott, colloquially known as The Postcard Bandit. Released on DVD in 2005, the movie begins with Abbott  on the run with fellow criminal Aaron Reynolds, having just escaped from Fremantle Prison together. The pair rob banks across the country before Abbott decides it\'s time to live the high life for a while. To avoid suspicion, the two travel the country with a Japanese tourist, and during this trip, Abbott tells Reynolds he is giving him the flick. Reynolds tells Abbott, "You won\'t last a week without me," but it is Reynolds who is arrested some four weeks later. While on the Gold Coast, Brenden meets the future mother of his only son William. Soon after, Abbott decides to get back into robbing banks to feed his extravagant lifestyle. Abbott is connected with a driver, whom his brother Glen has arranged for him to meet. Glen Abbott is still upset with his brother for leaving him behind in Fremantle Jail and gives the driver a message for Brenden, "Why\'d you leave me behind?" Abbott uses the man as assistant to rob a Perth bank, going in through the roof and breaking his ankle in the process. Abbott returns to the Gold Coast, only to learn that his lover has become pregnant with his first and only child. She is suspicious about the fact that he has a broken ankle, but this is quickly forgotten when he presents her with a Rolex watch. Soon after that, Abbott decides to look for a new partner, and upon leaving, his lover raises her suspicion about his line of work, presenting a balaclava she found in his bag. Abbott tells her nothing other than to return the balaclava to where it was found, before leaving angrily. While on the run, his lover has the child and she learns the true identity of "Peter", Brenden James Abbott. Abbott begins seeing a prostitute, who gets a rush off driving fast cars. Abbott asks her is she wants a real rush, and uses her as his getaway driver for his next few robberies. Abbott decides to team up with his brother Glen, which he knows will upset his mother. Glen proves to be a loose cannon, and while they successfully rob a number of banks, Brenden soon decides to cut his younger brother loose. He informs Glen that he will still need his services in obtaining guns and fake ID cards, but will no longer rob banks with him. Glen gets upset, telling his brother that he is, "No good on me own," he punches Brenden before the pair go their separate ways. Glen is detained by the police and due to possession of a number of illegal weapons, he is forced to give up information on his brother\'s whereabouts. He gives the police the number of a pager used to contact Brenden Abbott, which is traced back to a post office box on the Gold Coast. Brenden Abbott is about to walk out on his current lover, when a few minutes later, he is arrested on the street in Surfers Paradise. Abbott is sent to a maximum security prison in Brisbane, where he befriends a small-time criminal and plots an escape with 4 other violent criminals. The petty criminal is due for release some four weeks later, so Abbott plots to use the man as a getaway driver for his planned escape. On the day of the prison break, a female visitor gives one of the prisoners some razor wire which has been concealed in her vagina. The convicts use the wire to escape their cells and run to the pison fence, where they are met by the other released criminal. He throws a set of bolt cutters over the fence and shoots at the guards who come near the escaping prisoners. A perimeter patrol vehicle is also disabled by the man\'s gunfire when Abbott instructs him to "aim for the battery". The group escapes in an awaiting vehicle which the man had driven to the prison. Soon, the other 4 escapees are detained while Abbott and the petty criminal manage to avoid custody. Abbott is concerned that his new partner is using drugs, but the man denies it. Abbott, feeling that he owes the man, decides to stay by his side. The pair rob a number of banks, including his most notorious robbery, netting some $800,000 from the Commonwealth Bank at Pacific Fair on the Gold Coast. Abbott\'s partner soon is the target of a manhunt, after killing two police officers during a failed drug deal. He goes back to Abbott distraught at his actions and the two escape to Darwin, where they remain for some time. While walking down the street one day, Abbott returns a cricket ball to a child  who has hit the ball in front of him. The boy\'s father sees Abbott doing so and he turns out to be a police officer who recognizes the criminal. Abbott is caught and sent to jail again in Queensland, with a large sum of money still unaccounted for. Abbott meets his son while in jail and encourages the boy to play hard in cricket, with Brenden himself being a keen Mark Waugh fan. The movie ends with Abbott still in jail, a now aging man, who has lost the edge which he once held as Australia\'s Most Wanted man.'] ["The film revolves around Reece Gilmore , the sole survivor of a massacre at the Boston restaurant where she worked as a chef. Reece wants to escape her life, so she hits the open road with no destination in mind, desperate for a fresh start. When her car gives out in a picturesque Wyoming town, Reece takes a job at the local diner, hoping to earn enough cash to keep moving. But as she gets to know the townspeople, mystery writer Brody  in particular, she considers putting the past behind her and settling down. But then, while hiking, she witnesses a murder. Now, Reece is traumatized again, and not just by the killing; but also because, when the police go to check out the crime scene, there's no evidence of a murder taking place. The townspeople doubt her story, which leads everyone, including Reece, to question her sanity."] ["Elizabeth Maitland hires American safari hunter Allan Quartermain to find her father Sam Maitland, who has been kidnapped by the Kukuanas as he had drawn a map to the location of the legendary mines. The Russian Tsar was funding Sam's efforts to locate the mines, and sends pursuers after Quatermain and company. The film begins with Sam Maitland writing a letter to his daughter and sending her a package. He is then captured by the Kukuanas. Quartermain and McNabb are leading a European businessman on a Safari to hunt elephants. Quartermain seems reluctant to kill all the elephants, but the businessman insists, and McNabb has Quartermain tied up. The adult elephant is wounded but escapes, and Quartermain warns the businessman that it will now come after him. Later that night, the businessman is killed by the elephant, which then destroys the camp. Quartermain then goes to London to rejoin his son, but is told by the boy's grandparents that they are filing for custody as they believe that Quartermain is an unfit father. Quartermain is told by his lawyer that they will probably win. He leaves and goes to the bar. While there, he is approached by Elizabeth Maitland and Captain Good to find her father. He refuses, not knowing who she is, and she leaves her father's card on the bar. On the way home, Captain Good stops to talk to an old friend and Elizabeth continues on. She is attacked, but the attackers are fought off by Quartermain, who came after reading her father's card and realising who she was. When they get back to the hotel, they find her room has been ransacked. She reveals her father had sent her a map to King Solomon's Mines, and, despite Quartermain's scepticism about the map's authenticity, they leave for Africa. In Africa, they join Sir Henry, one of Quartermain's old friends, and, along with some of Quartermain's African friends, they set out to find Sam."] ['Kim Possible  is a high-school cheerleader and world-famous crimefighter, and Ron Stoppable  is her faithful sidekick. Ron has a pet naked mole rat named Rufus . The film begins at the start of a new school year, but the start of a fun year is ruined when Ron finds out he\'s moving to Norway. Meanwhile, Dr. Drakken, Shego, Duff Killigan, and Monkey Fist team up to steal the Time Monkey, a small statuette used to travel through time. With help from her computer guru Wade Load  and her friend Monique, Kim follows the villains to Australia as they steal the body and head of the Time Monkey, but the villains connect the head to the body inside the Time Monkey\'s temple in Africa, and they escape through the resulting time portal. Shortly afterward, Kim is visited by a large talking mole rat from the future, a descendent of Rufus named Rufus 3000, who gives Kim a time-travel device and explains that "The Supreme One" is preparing to take over the world. Meanwhile, Drakken, Killigan, and Monkey Fist turn themselves into little children and travel back in time to Kim\'s first day in preschool in order to discourage her from becoming a crimefighter. Posing as her schoolmates, the villains try to bully the four-year-old Kim, but she defeats them and makes friends with Ron, and the high-school-age Kim arrives to fight Shego, who has been observing her accomplices. With their preschool plot foiled, the villains turn back into adults and escape forward in time, to a day when Kim and Ron are middle-school teenagers. When a billionaire traps himself in the web of deadly laser beams that guard his vault, his security expert accidentally contacts Kim through her new babysitting website, so, after a neighbor drives Kim and Ron to the billionaire\'s mansion, Kim uses her cheerleading gymnastic skills to jump through the laser beams and save the billionaire. Monkey Fist goes into the past and retrieves a huge rock gorilla, which attacks Kim, but high-school-age Kim and Ron appear, and high-school Ron destroys the rock gorilla by accidentally activating the security lasers. As police officers arrest Drakken, Killigan, and Monkey Fist, Shego, after being visited by her future self while watching the fight, escapes with the Time Monkey into the future. Rufus 3000 then arrives and reveals to Kim that Shego is the Supreme One, not Drakken stating that he thought it was obvious to her since Shego is the only one smart enough to actually take over the world. Kim then activates the time portal and her, Ron, Rufus, and Rufus 3000 go to the future to stop her.  In the future, Shego has become dictator of the world and made everyone her slaves. Kim and Ron are captured and sent to their old high school to be brainwashed, but they are rescued by Kim\'s twin brothers Tim and Jim, along with Rufus 3000 and an army of naked mole rats. The twins take Kim and Ron to the secret headquarters of the political resistance movement, whose leader is Wade. Together, they and all of the Rufuses sneak into Shego\'s castle, where they fight their way past the villains and an army of monkeys to the room where Shego keeps the Time Monkey. After capturing Kim and her friends, Shego reveals that she separated Kim and Ron by making money in the 1990s stock-market boom, buying the company that Ron\'s mother worked for, and having her transferred to Norway, her reason being that while together, Kim and Ron actually made a decent team, but if they were apart, they couldn\'t stop her. In his anger at having to live in Norway and the destruction of his favorite nacho restaurant, Ron throws Drakken across the room. The twins break out of their chains, the pillars that hold up the palace ceiling collapse, and the Time Monkey falls to the floor and breaks, undoing all the effects of Shego\'s time travel. This causes Kim, Ron, and Rufus to float through a time portal and travel back to the first scene of the film, at the end of their first school day. At the moment when the first time disturbance occurred, a wave of time distortion washes over Kim and Ron, and when the moment has passed, the world has been restored to its original state and the two teens have lost all memory of the film\'s events, except that Ron knows he hates meat cakes, which he was forced to eat in Norway.'] ['{{Plot}} The film is about a K-9 dog named Ace. The police are trying to catch a robber whom they and the media nickname "Goliath". One day, the police and the dogs are on the track of Torco. Ace\'s trainer, Daniel, allows Ace to take down Torco. Ace quickly catches up with him. Torco uses a stick with barbed wire to fend off Ace. Then we see Ace on his forearm. He takes Torco down, and keeps him down, until Dan arrives. When the police see Torco\'s injuries to his neck, they believe it is a result of Ace biting him. They send Ace to a clinic to be euthanized, but he escapes and the clinic worker covers up his incompetence. Dan goes back to the scene of the crime. He sees that the area is under 24-hour surveillance. He goes onto the scene and finds a piece of barbed wire, which he believes Torco used to slashed himself with. Meanwhile, Ace is trying to get back home. Dan tries to get over the grief of losing Ace by trying out with other dogs, but is unsuccessful. Julia, Dan\'s daughter, sees Ace on the television, but her parents do not believe since Ace\'s supposed ashes is sent by mail. She convinces Dan to take them down to downtown Wenatchee to see if the dog is Ace, but when they get there Ace has escaped again. During the trip back home, Julia sees Ace, who has hopped into the back of a convertible being towed. Ace sees her and waves his paw at Julia, which is the trick she taught him. Later, the Captain brings Dan in to show the surveillance tape. It shows Torco first fending off Ace with the piece of barbed wire but then starts to slashes himself with it, proving Ace\'s innocence. Julia stakes out at Torco\'s house, believing Ace has "unfinished business" since Torco framed him. Torco comes home from work early after being fired, and he sees Julia. He enters his house and finds the box which held the glass cutter open, and goes in the kitchen and sees the drawer with cutlery ajar. He then sees some alum on the floor and open the cabinet and sees the alum container not in the correct position. Julia took some of the alum and took a picture of the cutter before she left. When she arrives home, she finds out that Torco is in the house. She tells her mom and the two of them soon see him. He sees them and chases them all throughout the house and then when they are cornered, Ace comes and brings down Torco. Torco stabs Ace with a piece of glass, but Ace is still able to bring down Torco. Dan arrives and arrests Torco. The family takes Ace to a veterinarian hospital. Later, Dan allows Julia to go to the K-9 competition with Ace, and they win 1st place. Dan and Lily go to Tahiti after Dan asks Lily where she would like to go for the weekend.'] ["Milwaukee, WI Police Department Inspector Paul Fein  is a veteran police commander whose son Ben is a senior police detective, and his son Eddie  is also a cop assigned to the department's Patrol Bureau. Paul is assigned to investigate the murder of a prominent businessman, and he soon learns that the field of suspects has been narrowed down to two—the victim's sexually freewheeling wife Anna , and Paul's wild-child daughter Jackie . Neither Paul, Ben, nor Eddie believe that Jackie could have committed the murder, and soon Paul is using himself as a decoy in a bid to find out more about what Anna does and doesn't know about her husband's death."] ['= The story follows several citizens and those they encounter after a nuclear attack on Lawrence, Kansas and Kansas City, Missouri. The narrative structure of the film is presented as a before and after scenario with the first half introducing the various characters and their stories. The center section is the nuclear disaster itself. The latter half of the film shows the effects of the fallout on the characters. Dr. Russell Oakes  lives in the upper-class Brookside neighborhood with his wife  and works in a hospital in downtown Kansas City. He is scheduled to teach a hematology class at the University of Kansas hospital in nearby Lawrence, Kansas, and is en route when he hears an alarming Emergency Broadcast System alert on his car radio. He pulls off the crowded freeway, attempts to contact his wife, but gives up due to the incredibly long line at a phone booth. Oakes heads back home down I-70, the only eastbound motorist. The nuclear attack begins and Kansas City is gripped with panic as air raid sirens wail. Oakes\' car is permanently disabled by the electromagnetic pulse, as are all motor vehicles and electricity. Oakes is about thirty miles away from downtown when the missiles hit. His family, many colleagues and millions of others are killed. He walks ten miles to Lawrence and at the university hospital treats the wounded with Dr. Sam Hachiya  and Nurse Bauer . Also at the university, science Professor Joe Huxley  and students use a Geiger counter to monitor the level of nuclear fallout outside. They build a makeshift radio to maintain contact with Dr. Oakes at the hospital, as well as to locate any other broadcasting survivors outside the city. Billy McCoy  is an Airman First Class in the United States Air Force stationed at Whiteman AFB near Kansas City who is called into duty during the DEFCON 2 alert. He is among the first to witness the initial missile launches signaling the start of a full-scale nuclear war. After it becomes clear that a Soviet counterstrike is imminent, the unit panics; several Airmen stubbornly insist they stay on duty while the others, including McCoy, point out that it is futile. McCoy drives away in a truck to retrieve his wife and child in Sedalia, but it is disabled by the EMP blast. McCoy, realizing what has happened, flees the truck and finds an abandoned bunker, barely escaping the oncoming nuclear blast. After the attack, McCoy walks towards a town and finds an abandoned store, where he takes candy bars and other provisions while gunfire is heard in the distance. While standing in line for a drink of water from a well pump, McCoy befriends a man who is mute and shares his provisions. As they both begin to suffer the effects of radiation sickness, they leave a refugee camp and head to the hospital at Lawrence, where McCoy ultimately succumbs to the disease. Farmer Jim Dahlberg  and his family live in rural Harrisonville, Missouri, far outside of Kansas City but very close to a field of missile silos. While the family is preparing for the wedding of their eldest daughter, Denise, they are forced to prepare for the impending attack by converting their basement into a makeshift fallout shelter. As the missiles are launched, Dahlberg forcefully carries his wife Eve,  who denied the severity of the escalating crisis and continued the wedding preparations, down to the basement from their bedroom. Eve collapses into a fit of hysteria upon realizing a nuclear war has begun. While running to the shelter, the Dahlberg\'s son, Danny, stared directly at a nuclear explosion and was flash-blinded. University of Kansas student Stephen Klein , hitchhiking home to Joplin, Missouri, stumbles upon the farm and is taken in by the Dahlbergs. After several days in the basement, Denise, distraught over the situation and the unknown whereabouts of her fiance, Bruce, leaves the basement and runs outside. Klein goes after her and forces her back into the basement. In the weeks afterwards, Danny\'s condition deteriorates as does Denise\'s, who begins hemorrhaging while at a makeshift church service . Klein takes Danny and Denise to Lawrence for treatment. Dr. Hachiya attempts to treat Danny with no improvement, and Klein and Denise develop terminal radiation sickness. Dahlberg, upon returning from an emergency farmers meeting, confronts a group of survivors squatting on the farm and is shot to death. Ultimately, the overall situation at the hospital becomes dire and grim. Dr. Oakes collapses from exhaustion and upon awakening finds out that Nurse Bauer has died from meningitis. Oakes, suffering from terminal radiation sickness, decides to return to Kansas City to "see my home one last time before I die" while Dr. Hachiya stays behind. Oakes hitches a ride on an Army National Guard truck, where he witnesses military personnel blindfolding and executing looters. At his home, he finds the charred remains of his wife\'s wristwatch and a family huddled in the ruins. Oakes angrily orders them to leave. The family silently offers Oakes food, causing him to collapse in despair, as a member of the family comforts him. As the scene fades to black, Professor Huxley forlornly calls into his makeshift radio: "Hello? This is Lawrence, Lawrence, Kansas. Is anybody there? Anybody? Anybody at all...."'] ["Half-sisters Willa, Tess, and Lily Mercy are left their wealthy father's multimillion-dollar estate, including his Montana ranch, after his death. The only stipulation is that the girls will have to live with each other for a year. Having never previously met, the three sisters, who have very different personalities, agree to the strange situation, despite having reservations about their forced family reunion. The biggest problem that the girls face however, is the discovery of a saboteur in their midst. It seems that when their father died, he left some bitter enemies behind, enemies who would love to see his daughters fail. Now, in order to get what is rightfully theirs, the three siblings will have to work harder than ever before to clean up the mess their father left behind. During their trial, the three girls find love, and realize that maybe their situation wasn't such a bad thing after all."] ['Lily Marshall  has a loving, supportive husband, two great kids and an unfulfilled dream: to return to college and get the degree she always wanted. "Is there life beyond her family and home?", Lily wonders. The hole in Lily\'s life is soon filled by too much. There\'s a confusing new social life on campus, schoolwork keeping her up late, a part-time job keeping her from her husband and kids whose mom is turning into a stranger. Lily\'s strength, love and perseverance are the only things that can help her now.'] ["The film focuses on a group on three Hollywood wives and their complicated lives. Lissa Roman is a very successful actress and musician busy promoting her latest blockbuster movie. She is fed up with her younger husband, Gregg Lynch, who seems to be interested only in her money and luxurious life style. Her two best friends include Taylor Singer and Kyndra. Taylor is the wife of the well known director Larry Singer. Frustrated that she is unable to have her big break, she has an affair with the much younger writer Oliver Rock. Lissa's other friend Kyndra is meanwhile enjoying a career as a soul singer, often described as a selfish diva. This has negative impact on the relationship with her daughter Saffron, an aspiring fashion designer and best friend of Nikki Roman, Lissa's daughter. When assigned to private investigator Michael Scorsinni, she finds out that her husband is cheating on her. When she arrives home and refuses to talk to him, he becomes angry, beating her up and raping her. After throwing him out of the house the next morning, she attends a dinner party of Nikki, who will marry Evan Richter in a month. She is glad to marry him, but she also has a secret crush on his brother Brian. She later kisses him at a night club, but immediately regrets the decision. Meanwhile, Lissa is bothered there by a man and eventually has to be escorted home by Michael. Gregg spots them walking together and suspects the worst. Later that night, Lissa notices that Gregg is spreading false rumours about her on national television. The next morning, Taylor is offered the lead in a movie about a lesbian love story. Her Larry disapproves of the script and is annoyed by his wife's obsession with Hollywood. Always having aspired a normal life, he regrets that his wife doesn't interact well with people who aren't familiar with Hollywood. Trying to prevent her from taking the role, he agrees to help her finally make her own movie. She is very lucky, until she finds out Oliver is assigned as her script writer. Larry soon finds out that she knew him before their meeting and suspects that they are having an affair. Meanwhile, Nikki gets kidnapped. Saffron and Brian are worried by her disappearance, but Evan doesn't really care, as he is too busy with his mistress. After the premiere of her latest movie, Lissa spends the night with Michael. They are interrupted by the message of Nikki's abduction. The kidnapper, a poor man who was angry that Lissa received a salary of $15,000,000 for one movie, demands $5,000,000. As she hands him the money, he runs away, without Nikki anywhere to be seen. Michael eventually saves the day, by catching the kidnapper and locating Nikki. In the end, Lissa promises Nikki to spend more time with her. Nikki ends her engagement with Evan to marry Brian. Larry finds out about Taylor's affair with Oliver and files for divorce, after which she decides to take the role in the movie about lesbians. Kyndra shows Saffron for the first time how much she cares about her."] ['Single, ambitious, magazine assistant editor Jane Grant has just received an invitation to her younger cousin\'s wedding, and it\'s engraved with two words: "plus guest." Come wedding day, Jane had better deliver. After all, she\'s already told everyone, including her meddlesome and obnoxious Aunt Ina and now-famous high school nemesis Natasha Nutley, that she\'s in a serious relationship. Now, Jane has two months to find a guy to fit the lie, complete the guest list, and save face. If the series of miserable set-ups orchestrated by her well-meaning best friends Eloise and Amanda are any indication, Jane\'s in for big trouble. From first date to blind date, from double date to last date, the match game is on-and with millions of men to pick from, Jane is sure to find Mr. Right, right?'] ['Drake performs a song called, "Makes Me Happy" for a music deal. While at Spin City Records, they agree to put Drake\'s song on a commercial that will air during the Super Bowl. In the meantime, Helen is getting married and her grandmother, Lula, comes to stay at Drake and Josh\'s house for a week, forcing Megan to share the boys\' room. Helen then announces the new assistant manager, who turns out to be Mindy Crenshaw. Josh is very upset that he didn\'t get the job, and accuses Mindy of constantly trying to one-up him, which she denies. While at the recording studio at Spin City Records, the producer, Alan Kirm, gives Josh a contract. Josh doesn\'t read the contract at all, mesmerized by massive shrimp . Josh inadvertently signs away the creativity rights to Drake\'s song. The producer remixes -- and completely ruins -- Drake\'s song, turning it into, as Drake puts it, "horrible bubblegum pop garbage-y badness". Furious with Josh for his mistake, Drake fires him as manager, then hatches a plan for revenge: planting fruit flies in the Alan\'s car. While criticizing Josh for always playing by the rules , he tells Josh that, "when people play dirty, sometimes you have to play dirty back." Still trying to fix his mistake, Josh returns to Spin City Records. After being told there is no way the company will use Drake\'s original song, Josh decides to take Drake\'s advice and switches the ruined song with the original song as it is being picked up. The plan succeeds, and Drake\'s version of "Makes Me Happy" plays on the commercial, much to Drake\'s delight , but with a price. Right after the commercial airs, Josh receives a call from Alan Krim. By switching the songs, Josh has broken a legally binding contract, and not only is the record company planning to sue the boys for $5 million, the two could also go to prison. While at work, Josh realizes that Mindy did not take the job as assistant manager because she needed the extra money; she did it in order to spend time with Josh. Then, the boys go to Spin City Records, and just as they think they are going to jail, Drake is told his song has become a number one hit, as downloads of his song crashed Spin City\'s server. They are free of all charges and Alan Krim is fired for trying to ruin Drake\'s song . At Helen\'s wedding, amidst a few small disasters, Josh and Mindy get back together. Mindy has quit her job and Josh becomes the new assistant manager. Drake also rehires him as his manager. Then, Drake performs his number one hit song to the whole crowd. Afterwards, Drake and Josh return home to find shrimp sent over from Nick Matteo. Megan and her friends have eaten all but one, which causes Drake and Josh to fight over it, mimicking a similar scene from The Amanda Show, which is shown during the credits.'] ['Irena Sendler  is a Catholic social worker who has sympathized with the Jews since her childhood, when her physician father died of typhus contracted while treating poor Jewish patients. When she initially proposes saving Jewish children from the Warsaw Ghetto, her idea is met with skepticism by fellow workers, her parish priest, and even her own mother Janina. Using forged identification to present herself as a nurse to guards at the entrance to the enclave where the Jewish population has been sequestered, Irena tries to convince the parents of young children to allow her to smuggle them out to safety. Many fear they will never see them again, and she assures them she will document where each child is sent to facilitate their reunion with their parents once the war is over. Others bemoan the fact their children will be raised in a faith other than their own and forget their religious beliefs and traditions, but Irena convinces them this is a small price to pay in exchange for keeping them alive. Among those helping Irena is Stefan, a Jewish friend from her university days. He is aware of a few overlooked exits from the ghetto and uses this knowledge to help Irena and others involved with the underground organization Żegota plan their strategies and devise routes to smuggle the children, some in boxes hidden under bricks on wheelbarrows, others through sewer systems, and still others brazenly escorted through the front door of the city hall hand-in-hand with their savior. Eventually Irena is arrested by the Gestapo and placed in captivity, where she undergoes interrogation accompanied by torture. However, she refuses to name those who helped her. She is sentenced to death by firing squad, but at the last moment a guard, bribed by the Polish Home Army resistance movement, frees her. After briefly visiting her ailing mother, Irena is taken to a remote rural farm, where she is reunited with Stefan. In an epilogue, we learn Irena and Stefan eventually married and she was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007. In a taped interview, real-life Irena discusses her wartime efforts and pays tribute to the mothers who selflessly agreed to separate from their children and the women who provided them with a safe haven.'] ['With equal parts humor and vitriol, Academy Award-winner Richard Dreyfuss and Emmy Award-winner Judy Davis portray Barnaby and Maxine Pierce, a middle-aged couple exploring the ups and downs of a marriage that has spun out of control. They have decided to divorce, but take one last cross country road trip from Connecticut to Los Angeles to attend the wedding of their son and give him their vintage Thunderbird as a gift. By reflecting on the life they’ve shared together, the couple begins to re-evaluate their marriage and discover the possibility of rekindling their relationship.'] ['Cliff Addison  and his wife, Abby , have a road accident. He walks away virtually unharmed, but she is left in a coma with her skin burned off. Cliff is told that there is a method of surgery that will allow her to live, but without speech or the ability to take care of herself. The nurse informs Cliff that if he chooses to discontinue any attempts to save his wife\'s life, he would need an attorney. Cliff consults with an attorney, who persuades him to let his wife die. It is with this consult with the attorney that he reveals that he had an affair, and laments that the last thing he could do for her is to kill her . Later, Cliff remembers an instance where his wife found his cell phone with a video of his mistress, Trish , stripping whilst moaning his name, destroying his defense that it was a spam message from a co-worker friend. After telling him that she hopes the affair was worth it, she drops the cell phone and the video changes to a figure writhing and screaming in pain while on fire. Shortly after, Cliff hallucinates that he is taking a bath with his wife, then they proceed to make love while her skin burns off. While he panics, it is shown that his wife had died, but was resuscitated, and that he has a burn mark in the shape of a hand on his back. Cliff calls his attorney for advise, who writes the burn marks on Cliff\'s back and genitals as a rash from stress. Cliff reveals he thinks his wife is haunting him, but the attorney believes that the wife is still alive and tells Cliff to take Valium to go to sleep. As the call ends, pounding noises can be heard from his front door. It is Abby\'s mother, who resents Cliff for trying to "pull the plug" on her daughter to make money. She informs him that she has an attorney, and the next week begins a dirty campaign against him on the news, portraying him as a frequently physically abusive man. The next day, Cliff goes by his dental practice. He listens to many messages from prank callers and critics, and runs into Trish who is an employee. It is revealed that she had been fired by Abby, and only slept with Cliff out of pity. Cliff leaves to see his wife during a skin graft procedure, then meets with his attorney friend again. The attorney reveals that since his wife\'s airbag did not deploy, there was a manufacturing mistake and that the company would pay to settle out of court with the cost being about ten million. The winner of the "right to die" debate would take all of the money. Cliff wants to give his mother-in-law the money, but since she was so adamant towards her cause, she cannot back down without disgracing her public face. The attorney says that Cliff should keep trying to win his side, as his legal fees would be heavy. Cliff questions his friend\'s ethics, but is quickly rebuffed. Later, he makes a public speech about his desire for his wife to die painlessly, instead of the pain she is in currently. Cliff receives a call from his attorney that Cliff has won his side, and in forty-eight hours the DNR order will be instated. While Cliff is away, his attorney mockingly toasts Abby, since her death will allow him to make a great deal of money from the settlement. As he leaves the room, her heartbeat increases drastically. He waits outside the room for Cliff, then leaves for the cafeteria while Cliff goes to see his wife. As he attempts to kiss Abby, her eyes open and she begins to flatline. Cliff then learns that she had flatlined two nights ago, but was brought back. While this is happening, the attorney attempts to use his cell phone, but an orderly tells him no cell phones are allowed. He then goes into a restricted access MRI room to make his call unseen, ignoring all of the warning signs. As he paces trying to get a signal, Abby\'s ghost watches and makes him drop his phone. As he bends to retrieve it, Abby turns on a machine that magnetizes the wall, making him fly across the room and slam into the double doors leading to the machine. He attempts to remove his metallic materials while Abby\'s skinless body crawls to him, then sets him on fire. His screams are heard too late by Cliff, who tries to put out the flames with an extinguisher. Cliff runs back into Abby\'s medical room and pleads for her to hang in, then rushes out to his mother-in-law\'s press conference and offers the settlement money to anyone who can donate their tissue to keep Abby alive, whether or not she remains a vegetable. Cliff returns home alone to see a drunken Trish, who questions if he is really going to give away all of the settlement money. Cliff reveals to her that he is doing this to keep Abby from screwing him over and they have sex. In bed, Trish questions why Cliff is staring at the clock, and he states that he cannot help it. He tells her that in four hours, without the transplant, Abby will die, as will he. Trish leaves the room in Cliff\'s shirt, and he thinks back to when Abby found out about the affair and the subsequent conversation, which was her suggestion to take a drive. The sound of glass wakes him from his reverie. Cliff is looking at a picture of Abby, which has the glass broken over her face. Cliff\'s phone rings, showing he is receiving seductive pictures of Trish, but sees Abby\'s skinless figure approaching from behind her. Trish screams, making Cliff rush to her, and he sees "skin" painted on the wall in blood. As he embraces Trish, she asks if she is still there and begs Cliff to protect her. After he comforts her, she walks back towards the bedroom, and he breaks a bottle of wine over her head. We next see a naked Trish strapped in the dentist chair, being prepped by Cliff to have her skin transferred to Abby. He informs her that he regrets that she has to be alive for the procedure, but that the skin has to be fresh. In her heavily drugged state, she feels no pain past the initial cut. While driving to bring the skin to the hospital, he thinks back to the drive before the accident, where Cliff and his wife are on their drive, prior to the first scene. After professing his love for her, Abby reveals that she is pregnant. Cliff is apparently overjoyed, while Abby looks less than happy. She reveals that she is going to leave him because of the affair and never let him see the baby. Because of their argument, Cliff had taken his eyes off of the road, which led to their crash. The beginning scene is replayed, but it is shown that Cliff hesitates to call, then makes a conscious decision to not call 911 and fiddles with Abby\'s fallen lighter. She apologizes for being harsh to him, but he sets the car alight anyways. Almost immediately he regrets his decision as she screams in agony, then he flashes back to the present. He arrives at the hospital early the next morning with the skin in a blood-covered cooler, but finds out that Abby has already died. Cliff arrives back home and throws away Trish\'s body pieces, then enters his house again to be greeted by his recently deceased wife\'s spirit.'] ['When a group of Amish schoolgirls are taken hostage and killed in their classroom, their parents and the Amish community of Nickel Mines, Pennsylvania, stun the outside world by immediately forgiving the killer. Ida Graber , mother of one of the murdered children, has a tougher time than the others accepting the tragedy, but in her anguish and pain, she begins a personal journey of renewed faith, ultimately accepting the heart-wrenching tragedy of losing a child; reconnecting with her husband , family, and community; offering forgiveness to the killer; and even showing kindness and compassion to the killer’s widow  and children – all in the form of Amish Grace.<ref name Amish Grace | work2010-04-09 | url 2010-04-09}}<ref name Amish Grace | work2010-04-09 |url2010-04-10}}'] ["After her father's death Sophie Ware returns to her home town in hopes of running the family ranch. She struggles with the awkwardness of being home as she is now used to living in a big city as an accomplished musician. She is surprised when Alex, the farm's handyman, offers her a marriage of convenience in order to keep the farm afloat."] ['Something goes awry at a particle accelerator facility in St. Louis and a black hole begins to form. A creature exits the hole and seeks out energy. As the creature absorbs energy, the black hole grows in size and destroys a large part of St. Louis. Before the creature can be hit with a nuclear bomb, it is lured back to the black hole and the black hole collapses on itself.'] ['{{Plot}} As the Soviet Union begins to undergo radical political change, a group of renegade Soviet military officers steal a nuclear missile and launch it towards the Soviet Union from Turkey. The Soviet city of Donetsk is destroyed by the stolen missile. When the missile hits, Soviet defense systems see that the weapon was launched from Turkey, and conclude that a NATO attack is in progress. The Soviets retaliate by launching ICBMs and SLBMs at the United States from both nuclear submarines and from land-based silos. Moments after the Soviet attack is launched, the President of the United States receives a teleprinter message from his counterpart in the Soviet Union saying that they have determined that the first missile was launched by renegades and not by NATO; the Premier tells the President that the Soviet Union will, without retaliation, accept a limited U.S. counterstrike comparable with the Soviet attack . However, should the U.S. counterstrike be any larger, the Soviets will have no choice but to retaliate in kind &mdash; meaning that an all-out nuclear exchange would almost certainly ensue. To further add to the turmoil, China launches its own strike against the Soviets in accordance with a treaty with the United States. The President argues over the phone with General Renning at Strategic Air Command Headquarters at Offutt AFB, Nebraska, over whether or not the teleprinter message can be trusted. The General believes it is a bluff intended to trick the U.S. into not counterattacking and leaving itself vulnerable, while the President is reluctant to launch a nuclear strike over what could be a mistake. General Renning orders his naval attache, "Harpoon", to board the Boeing E-4 airborne command post and orders a launch of his remaining land-based bombers, as most of them have been destroyed in the initial Soviet attack. After much persuasion, the President orders an initial counter-assault, just after Washington, D.C. is struck by a nuclear missile, which was originally intended to detonate over Andrews AFB, Maryland but overshot its target by 13 miles and instead detonates over Walter Reed Army Hospital. Renning then informs the President that the Soviets have launched a second attack, presumably proving him right in that the Soviet Premier was being untruthful. The President reluctantly orders a second counterstrike. Aboard Marine One, the President\'s Emergency War Orders officer  receives a teleprinter message informing him that the second nuclear strike was directed at the Chinese, not at the United States, meaning that the United States will not suffer further casualties. The President is then evacuated from The White House on Marine One and is en route to Dover AFB, Delaware, but is presumed killed when a second nuclear weapon detonates over Andrews and causes the helicopter to crash. The President is, however, only wounded, yet now completely blind from exposure to the light of the nuclear explosion. Assuming the President is dead, the United States Army and the Federal Bureau of Investigation locate the Secretary of the Interior in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. As the only remaining Cabinet member known to still be alive, and thus next in the order of succession, the Secretary of the Interior is installed as President of the United States with the codename "Condor". Though the Secretary at first appears open to the suggestion of Harpoon, who urges a cautious approach involving reduced hostilities, he quickly decides instead to follow the advice of the hawkish Colonel Fargo, who sees the total destruction of the Soviet Union as the only acceptable resolution to the conflict. On board the Boeing E-4, Condor orders a decapitating strike on the Soviet Union, concentrating on the destruction of leadership bunkers by land-based bombers and the launch of all U.S. submarine-based nuclear missiles. Condor holds fast to his decision to attack the Soviet Union, even after hearing that the President of the United States is still alive, as he believes the communication to be a trick by the Soviet Union. In Olney, Maryland, the President is taken to a nearby Federal Emergency Management Agency emergency shelter, where he is able to get in touch with the Soviet Premier via shortwave, though there is some question at the time of whether the authentication is legitimate. He then contacts the Looking Glass command aircraft which recognizes that the President is still alive. He then orders the Looking Glass aircraft battle staff to stand down the bombers and land-based missiles; however, to prevent Condor from ordering the launch of the submarine-based missiles from the U.S. Navy\'s TACAMO communications aircraft, the Looking Glass aircraft loyal to the President pledges to ram the E-4B. Minutes before Condor sends out the order for a full-scale nuclear strike, the Looking Glass is able to ram the E-4B . The President then reasserts control and orders a stand-down of all U.S. nuclear and military forces. The Soviet Union responds in kind. However, the outcome of the conflict between Soviet Union and China is left unanswered.'] ['{{Plot}} The story for The Harpy begins in the fictional world of Modalvia, where Vorian  is fleeing from the castle guard. When cornered, Vorian releases his minions, the harpies, on the captain of the guard, who dies from the severing of his head. The story reopens to present day where Jason  is late for work at the local museum. His fellow guard Ted restricts him access, but after a blatant and logically flawed threat, he is allowed entrance. In the guards\' locker-room we learn that Jason worked for the NYPD and was "terminated for cause"; and earlier that morning, he filed for divorce from his wife - whom he references as a harpy. On this night, Jason meets a professor  who discusses the rare artifact  with harpy carvings in the room that Jason had been eyeing for some time. Threatening with illogic force once again, Jason tells the professor to leave. Unfortunately, Jason is surrounded by mercenaries hired by the professor. After being tied-up, Jason escapes and proceeds to take on the mercenaries by himself, leaving Ted tied up in the locker-room. After defeating the professor\'s mercenaries, Jason takes an amulet from the professor, claiming: "I spent my whole life putting guys like you behind bars, and the NYPD fires me for it." Bargaining is irrelevant as Jason puts the amulet into the "crystal egg thingy" which opens up a time portal and sucks Jason into medieval times.Upon entering the old world, Jason meets Celestia  who accuses Jason of having plans to steal her pigs. Upset and eager to return home, Jason leaves. After walking on a dirt path and thinking aloud a hilarious quip he should have said to Celestia, Jason sees warriors riding horses atop a distant hill. Suddenly, Jason and the warriors are attacked by the harpies. After swinging blindly at the air with their swords, one of the warriors, Celestia\'s father, is knocked off his horse by a harpy that may have momentarily turned invisible. Jason decides that it\'s time to help them fight the harpies. The warriors are in awe at Jason\'s shotgun and pistol  as he delivers fatal shots to the harpies. The warriors suspiciously accept him and offer Jason a ride to Celestia\'s house. Once there, Hamish , the Priest, and Celestia\'s father talk quietly amongst themselves to try and evaluate what they saw earlier. The Priest claims that Jason could be the a prodigal figure who has been referenced in historical heretical scrolls. They decide to wait and play it by ear. Jason quickly asks for directions to leave, but soon learns of Vorian\'s wicked control over the king, Lord Castor. Not hearing of the wizard\'s evil deeds, Jason simply wants to go home. The warriors & Celestia agree to take him to Lord Castor and Vorian to see if they can take him to the present. Before going to bed, Jason flirts with Celestia, who in turn turns him down, but not before calling him lengthy vulgarities of ancient times. The next morning, Vorian meets with Castor, to tell him of Jason\'s arrival and his means of dispersing of his minions. Castor demands his capture, which Vorian is thrilled with. The warriors enter a destroyed village. They learn that the people have been driven away. Undeterred, Jason still wants to go home, at what ever the cost. Celestia disapproves of this. Jason continues the trek to Castor\'s castle alone. Once Jason gets to the castle, he meets Caleb, the new captain, who has asour attitude with Jason and secretly has an allegiance with Vorian. Jason is allowed entrance, where he is drugged by Vorian after revealing his encounter and the events in the museum. As a way of killing him, Vorian and Caleb put Jason atop a tower, where a harpy proceeds to attack him. However, Jason chokes it to death, allowing him to escape with the aid of Hamish and Garek . The alarm is sounded, and Castor\'s guards search the forest for Jason. The next day, Vorian visits the Obelisk in his secret harpy cave. He puts his amulet into the egg, but nothing happens. He logically decides that he needs Jason\'s amulet, and must retrieve it. After discussing Jason\'s misadventure with Vorian, however, Celestia comes to the conclusion that the amulet Vorian seeks is in the pig-pen Jason fell in. After searching it is found. Hamesh tells everyone that he has two-dozen men waiting for them. In the forest, the soldiers plan a strategy on how to breach Castor\'s castle and slay Vorian. Jason has the incredible idea of building a trebuchet  after seeing a special on PBS. Seeing as it is their only option, Hamish agrees and construction begins. Jason and Celestia\'s father talk, in the aftermath, the father gives a heroic speech about how Jason is their only hope of winning, and that the people have "seen too much suffering." The trebuchet complete, the battle begins on the grassland before Castor\'s castle. In the melee, they breach the wall after trying few times before unsuccessfully. However, Hamish is slain in battle and mourned by Jason and Celestia. Soon, they invade the castle. Vorian prepares to leave after the defeat. Castor threatens Vorian to stop the invasion and let loose his harpies. Vorian tells Castor that he no longer needs the king in his greater plan. Castor prepares to kill the wizard, but Vorian threatens to kill the king by letting the Queen Harpy on him. Garek, Jason, and Aldebert  enter Vorian\'s potion room to find a cowering Castor and a harpy-protected Vorian. Celestia has been captured, and unless Jason gives him the amulet, "she dies". Garek and Jason agree on letting the king show them a secret entrance into Vorian\'s mountain hideout. Eager to kill the king, Castor lies to Garek, Aldebert and the Priest, and runs away. The warriors pursue him. Jason reaches the foot of the mountain. He must drop his weapons and give him the amulet, and he will return Celestia to him. Fooling the wizard however, Jason sneaks the amulet in her mouth after a passionate kiss. Jason advances up the mountain, leaving Celestia to return to her father who awaits her further down the mountain. Learning of Jason\'s trick, Vorian unleashes a harpy on Celestia and her retreating father. After a quick battle, the father is slain by the harpy, who is in turn slain by Celestia after a shotgun blast to the head. He dies in Celestia\'s arms. Jason is thrown into a cave where he meets up with a captured Castor. The two sneak down the secret entrance the king mentioned earlier, but in their descent they find thousands of harpy eggs, eventually coming to the conclusion that Vorian is planning a full scale attack. Celestia, Garek, Aldebert, and the Priest return to the cottage, where Garek is sent to retrieve some items. Alone, Garek faces off with three harpies, managing to kill them all after committing suicide by burning them all alive with himself. Celestia, the Priest, Castor, Jason, and Aldebert unseat Caleb\'s control over the guards. Castor and Jason discuss a means of countering Vorian and stopping his eggs from hatching. The answer: a battle. So Castor rolls out the trebuchet and begins to fire on Vorian\'s mountain, while Jason, Celestia, and the Priest go into the mountain. Aldebert leads the troops in his father\'s footsteps, and Castor fights alongside him. They manage to seal up the mountain, but Aldebert is knocked unconscious by a harpy, and is out for the remainder of the battle. He awakens to learn they have "won the battle"; both pray for Jason\'s plan to work, and Aldebert gives him the title: Jason, the Harpy-Slayer. Celestia and Jason continue without the Priest after Celestia decides to leave with Jason after their relationship has blossomed, who is slain upon exiting the mountain by a harpy. Vorian calls upon the aid of the Queen Harpy so that they may retreat. Celestia and Jason begin to pour gas  on the eggs. After a mild conflict with Vorian, the mountain explodes, but Jason, Vorian, Celestia, and the Queen Harpy are transported into the present day after the uniting of the two amulets. In the museum, a fight between the harpy and Jason, and a struggle between Celestia and Vorian occurs-- upon their arrival, the professor is killed by a ball of fire. Jason breaks the glass of a sword display, and takes one of the two. With it he slays the queen and Vorian, who both are sucked back in time. Celestia and Jason exit the museum arm in arm. Ted observes Jason\'s destruction and yells for answers. Giving up, Ted heads out of frame, and the story ends.'] ['The prologue shows a church in Guatemala in which two men, Ben Mears and Mark Petrie, are filling small bottles with holy water. When one of the bottles begins to emit an eerie supernatural glow, Mears tells Petrie "They\'ve found us again." The story then flashes back two years, to the small town of Salem\'s Lot  in Maine in the United States. Ben Mears, an author, has returned to the town after a long absence to write a book about the Marsten House, an ominous old property on a hilltop which has a reputation for being haunted. Mears attempts to rent the house but finds that another new arrival in town, the mysterious Richard Straker, has recently bought it. Straker also opens an antique shop with his oft-mentioned but always absent business partner, Kurt Barlow. Meanwhile, Mears moves into a boarding house in town run by Eva Miller, and develops a romantic relationship with a local woman, Susan Norton. He befriends Susan\'s father, Dr. Bill Norton, and also renews his old friendship with his former school teacher, Jason Burke. Mears tells Burke that he feels the Marsten House is somehow inherently evil, and recalls how he was once traumatized in the house when he was a child. After a large crate is delivered to the Marsten House one night, an increasing number of the townsfolk begin to disappear or die in strange circumstances. Both Mears and Straker are initially the main suspects as they are new in town, but it becomes clear that the crate contained Straker\'s mysterious business partner, Kurt Barlow, an ancient master vampire who has come to the town after having sent Straker to make way for his arrival. Straker kills a young local boy, Ralphie Glick, as an offering to Barlow, while Barlow himself kills local realtor Larry Crockett after he is chased out of the home of Bonnie Sawyer by Bonnie\'s husband. The Glick boy then returns as a vampire to claim his brother, Danny, who himself becomes undead. In turn, Danny kills the local gravedigger Mike Ryerson who was bothered by Danny\'s open eyes and then attempts to kill his schoolfriend Mark Petrie. However, Mark is a horror film buff who manages to repel Danny with a crucifix. Slowly, the vampires spread as Mears and Burke figure out what is happening to the town and attempt to do something to stop it. Mark\'s parents are both killed by Barlow, though Mark is allowed to escape when the local priest, Father Callahan, sacrifices himself to Barlow. Jason Burke, however, falls prey to a heart attack following an encounter with the newly vampirised Mike Ryerson. In the end, Susan Norton and Mark Petrie are captured by Straker after breaking into the Marsten House. Armed with wooden stakes and holy water, Mears and Dr. Norton head over to the house to destroy Barlow when they run into Mark who has managed to escape. Inside the house, Dr. Norton is killed by Straker, who is himself then killed by Mears using a pistol. Afterwards, Mears and Petrie find Barlow\'s coffin in the cellar and destroy him by driving a stake through his heart. They then escape from the other vampires in the cellar , and set fire to the house. However, Susan is nowhere to be found. As the house burns, the wind begins to carry the fire towards the town itself. Mears and Petrie then flee Salem\'s Lot knowing that the fire will drive all the other vampires from their hiding places and purify the town from the evil that has engulfed it. The story then returns to Mears and Petrie at the church in Guatemala two years later. It quickly becomes clear that they are on the run from the surviving vampires from Salem\'s Lot, who have been relentlessly pursuing them. Their supplies of holy water glow whenever a vampire is nearby. Realising that they have been tracked down yet again, Mears and Petrie return to their lodgings to collect their belongings. However, once there, Mears finds Susan lying in his bed. Now a vampire, she prepares to bite him as he leans down to kiss her, but he drives a stake through her heart. Filled with grief, he and Petrie leave, knowing that vampires are still hunting them.'] ['Jacey Jeffries, , a 16 year old high school student. She is also the mother of a baby boy named Charley. Instead of giving him up for adoption as planned, she chooses to keep the baby. Her mother, Terry  pretends the infant is hers to allow Jacey to finish high school and lead a relatively normal life and graduate. When Jacey attends a new school, she criticizes several of the students for their promiscuous behavior during a class discussion. Jacey\'s opinions lead Donna Cooper , the Health teacher, to take a special interest in Jacey. Jacey\'s comments are unique in that she does not have an interest in following what her classmates say. The teacher\'s husband, the swim coach Bob ([[Colin Ferguson , convinces Jacey to join the swim team. Jacey passes out after taking tranquilizers stolen from her mother and ends up in the hospital. Donna and Bob are unable to conceive and are devastated when they discover their latest round of IVF has failed. Jacey feels that matters are unresolved with Charley\'s father, Brad. It is apparent that Jacey was and still is in love him. Jacey feels guilty because Brad is unaware that Jacey gave birth. Brad currently attends college. When Jacey attempts to call him, she becomes nervous upon hearing his voice and hangs up. Donna sees Jacey with Charley, and asks if Jacey is his mother. Although Jacey lied, many students from the school witnessed the interrogation and believe Jacey is really the mother. She begins to get teased at school for her behaviour. Her secret is found out at school, when the students were asked about how guys react to what girls wear. When other students criticize her for her hypocrisy, she goes to a mothers meeting for teen mothers. After being teased at school, she leaves abruptly to see Brad. They spend the day together, and are about to have sex when Jacey announces that the reason she left him was because she got pregnant. Brad takes the news badly and leaves. Jacey returns home and has huge argument with Terry who hands her Charley and tells her to handle things on her own, angry that Jacey doesn\'t understand the sacrifices she has made to help Jacey have a normal life. Exhausted and confused, she turns to Donna for help and advice. Donna advocates for Jacey telling her mother that she wants to be Charley\'s Mom to which Terry gives a speech about the sacrifices it takes to be a \'real Mom\'. A few weeks later Brad arrives at Jacey\'s house to apologise and tells Terry that he will make it work between Jacey and him. However, when Jacey makes a surprise visit to his school, she finds out Brad\'s parents will only help if a DNA test is done to prove Brad is the father, Jacey feels betrayed and leaves him. At school, Jacey gives a speech on pregnancy and teen sex, using examples from her friends from the teen mother\'s meeting. She gets applause and respect from her former bullies for being honest and sensible. Afterwards, Macy, her sister, gives her a DVD she had put together for Charley for him to watch when he is older. Watching it together with Terry, the two reconcile. Later, Donna receives a call that there is a baby waiting to be adopted. Overjoyed, Donna and Bob go to adopt the child, only to find it is Charley, and Jacey has decided to give him up to better their lives. She apparently remains a part of Charley\'s life as five years later she\'s there at Charley\'s first day at kindergarten, Donna and Bob have a new baby daughter and Bob is shown recording Charley on the camcorder and asks Charley to talk about himself " I\'m Charley Cooper and I\'m 5 years old, I got a new baby sister ", Charley tells the camera that he has two mommies and that Jacey is his special mommy and Bob asks why, Charley replies " because I\'m the only one who knows how her heart feels from inside her ". It is indicated in one scene that this is in fact the couple that was originally going to adopt him before Jacey changed her mind.'] ["Biopicture about Mary Kay Ash, cosmetics queen and business woman. She tells her story of her rise to fame to the inquiring reporter Annika Kern. Her powerful position is threatened by the much younger Jinger Heath. Her BeautiControl company takes an enormous bite in Mary Kay's company. In the middle of their rivalry enters Lexi Wilcox, a slightly off-center beauty.The New York Times review"] ["Donald Halston  loses a policy at work, leading to a financial setback. He takes out this personal and financial humiliation on his loving wife Janice . After a fight over her daily spendings, he accidentally pushes her, causing her to spill coffee over herself. He immediately apologizes, and Janice does not wait long before forgiving him. The next morning, she runs into an old friend Karen Renshaw , who once left town for Florida but is now working as a drafts woman. They quickly become best friends. Donald, meanwhile, is convinced by his colleague and friend Mort Burns  to give him company on a night's out with two attractive women. Donald spends the night with one of the women and cheats on his wife. He returns home at night to a worried Janice, though instead of apologizing, he admits to his unloyalty in a rage, and starts beating her when she gets mad at him for the affair. The police quickly arrive due to complaints of neighbors, though Janice lies about the situation to protect her husband. The next morning, Janice's daughter Peggy  confronts her mother with the domestic violence, and Janice assures her that she will stick by her husband. Donald, meanwhile, visits his unloving father , and learns that the rent for his retirement home has not yet been paid. At the local gym, Mort's wife Marilyn  among others notice that Janice has multiple bruises on her body, but she denies to have a problem. After class, she receives a crisis number for battered women. Even though Donald makes a convincing apology about his behavior, promising her to better his life, Janice attends a self help meeting with other battered women. There, she reacts in denial when others ask about the horrors of her husband, and ends up protecting Donald yet again, despite fearing that Donald will someday hit the children as well. Donald attempts to make up with Janice by accompanying her to one of Karen's parties. There, he grows jealous when Janice talks to a younger man, and demands to leave with her immediately. At home, Janice gets upset for being humiliated, causing Donald to abuse her yet again. This time, the police show up and arrest Donald. Meanwhile, Janice is in hospital and is visited by an attorney, Shaola Reems, to sue her husband. Karen collects Janice's stuff at her home and tells Donald what a horrible man he is. Donald makes another promise to change, but Janice convinces him that he can't do this without the help of a therapist. Karen criticizes Janice for not leaving Donald, but Janice insists that she does not want to be a divorced woman. Janice returns home, only to get into a fight with her husband over Karen, in which the youngest son Chris ([[Brian Andrews  gets thrown through the room. Horrified, Janice takes the children immediately leaves her husband. She attempts to start a new life, which includes a job, though one night Donald breaks into his former home and both chokes and rapes his wife. Even though Donald can't be sued for rape, he will be accused for abuse. Donald pleads guilty for a lower penalty, though this deal includes a restraining order from his wife."] ["The film begins with two dynamite fisherman working only to disturb a large Saltwater Crocodile which attacks, mutilates, and kills them both. Jack McQuade  runs a crocodile farm in Thailand with the help of his nephew Theo  and Jack's sister  Allison . Jack is being constantly harassed by a new neighboring resort owned by the Konsong brothers. They want to get Jack shut down because they have buildings on the land and want to steal the rest. The Konsong brothers seek animal welfare, bill collectors, and tax collectors on the farm. As animal welfare investigator Evelyn Namwong  refuses to shut down the farm, having found only minor violations, she is fired. After two teenagers are eaten by a crocodile, the Konsongs send goons to break in and release three of the farm's crocodiles. Jack's crocodiles are blamed and he gets orders to shut down until further notice. The crocodile that killed the teens reappears and eats a young boy near the docks. Its filmed by a tourist nearby and identified as a 20-foot salt water crocodile. Being much much larger and of a different species than Jack's, his farm's name is cleared and he is able to reopen. With the monster continuing to snack on the local population, Jack and Evelyn run into Hawkins , a man who has been hunting it for months to get revenge for its many victims. They join forces to find and kill the crocodile. While they are talking, they here gunfire and a two hunters having claimed to have killed the Croc which is actually one of Jack's escaped Crocs. They quickly rush over, only to see the real Croc kill one of the hunters. While they hunt the crocodile, the Konsongs send someone to kill Allison, who paid his taxes and other bills to help him out. The goon tries to run her down, but misses. He leaves behind his cell phone which links him back to Andy Konsong. Andy heads home to warn his brother that their plot has been uncovered, only to find pieces of him floating in a bloodied pool. The crocodile was in the pool when he was swimming and killed him. Panicked, Andy calls 911, but then gets sick to his stomach. While he's throwing up in the pool, the crocodile emerges and kills him. When Evelyn, Jack, Hawkins, and the crocodile farm manager go looking for the crocodile's pit, Allison and Theo follow in a small boat. The crocodile appears and snatches Allison from the boat, much to Theo's horror. Jack and the rest of the team continue searching for the pit underwater while Hawkins and Theo go to search on land. They find the pit and, to their relief, Allison, who is unconscious but still alive. She wakes up to find the crocodile with its jaws right in front of her head, but it leaves when it hears Jack calling for her. It comes up behind Jack, gets a hold of his foot, and drags him underwater. As it's going down, Hawkins and Theo shoot at it, with Hawkins managing to shoot it in the brain. It dies with Jack's foot still firmly clamped in its mouth and him underwater. Stuck too high to get down to help, Hawkins advises Allison to cut off Jack's leg since they can't get the crocodile's mouth open. Instead, the park manager uses a bang stick to blast it open and Jack gets to keep his leg."] ['At the New York Metropolitan Museum, four horsemen dressed as 12th century knights storm the gala opening of an exhibition of Vatican treasures and steal an arcane medieval decoder. Archaeologist Tess Chaykin  and FBI agent Sean Reilly  engage in a chase across three continents in search of the enemy and the lost secret of the Knights Templar.{{cite web}}'] [' In the village square, a Herald proclaims: "The Prince Is Giving a Ball" to celebrate the Prince\'s 21st birthday. The ladies of the kingdom are thrilled at the prospect of meeting him. Cinderella, whose beloved father has died, takes care of the home of her ill-tempered and selfish stepmother and stepsisters. She carries all of their shopping parcels for them, and when they return home, all three order Cinderella about. Left alone in her corner near the fire, she dreams of living an exotic life as a princess or anything other than a servant . Meanwhile, the King and Queen get ready for the big celebration  and the servants discuss the planning for the feast . They hope that their son will find a suitable bride, but the Prince is a bit apprehensive about meeting all the eager women of the kingdom. The Queen is touched by overhearing the King\'s discussion with his son and tells him she loves him . As Cinderella\'s stepsisters get ready for the Ball, hoping that they will catch the Prince\'s eye, they laugh at Cinderella\'s dreams. Finally they leave, and Cinderella imagines having gone with them ("In My Own Little Corner" . Cinderella\'s Fairy Godmother appears and, persuaded by the fervor of Cinderella\'s wish to go to the Ball, she transforms Cinderella into a beautifully gowned young lady and her little mouse friends and a pumpkin into a glittering carriage with impressive footmen  and she leaves for the Ball.  Cinderella arrives at the palace at 11:30; before she enters, her Godmother warns her not to stay past midnight. The Prince has been bored by the attention of all the young ladies with whom he has had to dance, including the stepsisters. Cinderella\'s grand entrance immediately attracts everyone\'s attention and intrigues the Prince. They dance together and instantly fall in love . Seeing the Prince with a petite beauty , the stepsisters ask why he wouldn\'t prefer a substantial "usual" girl like them . The Prince and Cinderella dance and find themselves with a private moment, and he declares his love for her . As they share a kiss, the clock begins to strike midnight, and Cinderella flees before the magic wears off; but in her haste, she drops a glass slipper.  The next morning, Cinderella\'s stepmother and stepsisters reminisce about the Ball and find that Cinderella is very intuitive about what it must have been like going to the Ball  and dancing with the Prince . Meanwhile, the Prince is searching for the beauty with whom he danced, and who fled so quickly from the Ball. His Herald tries the slipper on all the ladies . At Cinderella\'s house, the slipper will not fit any of the ladies. Cinderella\'s stepmother tries to steer the Herald away from the servant girl, Cinderella, but she is not home; she is hiding in the Palace garden. The Herald returns to the palace garden and regretfully informs the Prince that he has not found the missing girl. The Herald then sees Cinderella hiding and places her under arrest. Prodded by the fairy godmother, he tries the slipper on Cinderella. It fits, and the Prince is called back to the garden, where he recognizes his beloved ("Do I Love You Because You\'re Beautiful?" . Cinderella and the Prince marry, and all ends happily.'] ['Something the Lord Made  tells the story of the 34-year partnership that begins in Depression Era Nashville in 1930 when Blalock  hires Thomas  as an assistant in his Vanderbilt University lab, expecting him to perform janitorial work. But Thomas\' remarkable manual dexterity and intellectual acumen confound Blalock\'s expectations, and Thomas rapidly becomes indispensable as a research partner to Blalock in his forays into heart surgery. The film traces the two men\'s work when they move in 1941 from Vanderbilt to Johns Hopkins, an institution where the only black employees are janitors and where Thomas must enter by the back door. Together, they attack the heart problem of Tetralogy of Fallot, also known as Blue Baby Syndrome, and in so doing they open the field of heart surgery. Helen Taussig , the pediatrician/cardiologist at Johns Hopkins, challenges Blalock to come up with a surgical solution for her Blue Babies. She needs a new ductus for them to oxygenate their blood and turn them pink. The film dramatizes Blalock\'s and Thomas\' fight to save the dying Blue Babies. Blalock praises Thomas\' surgical skill as being "like something the Lord made" and insists that Thomas coach him through the first Blue Baby surgery over the protests of Hopkins administrators. Yet outside the lab, they are separated by the prevailing racism of the time. Thomas attends Blalock\'s parties as a bartender, moonlighting for extra income, and when Blalock is honored for the Blue Baby work at the segregated Belvedere Hotel, Thomas is not among the invited guests. Instead, he watches from behind a potted palm at the rear of the ballroom. After Blalock\'s death, Thomas continued his work at Johns Hopkins training surgeons. At the end of the film, in a formal ceremony, Hopkins recognized Thomas\' work and awarded him an honorary doctorate. A portrait of Thomas was placed on the walls of Johns Hopkins next to Blalock\'s portrait, which had been hung there years earlier.'] ['Vivian Bearing is a professor of English literature known for her intense knowledge of metaphysical poetry, especially the Holy Sonnets of John Donne. Her life takes a turn when she is diagnosed with metastatic Stage IV ovarian cancer. Oncologist Harvey Kelekian prescribes various chemotherapy treatments to treat her disease, and as she suffers through the various side-effects , she attempts to put everything in perspective. The story periodically flashes back to previous moments in her life, including her childhood, her graduate school studies, and her career prior to her diagnosis. During the course of the film, she continually breaks the fourth wall by looking into the camera and expressing her feelings. As she grows increasingly ill, Vivian agrees to undergo more tests and experimental treatments, even though she realizes the doctors treating her, including former student Jason Posner, see her less as someone to save and more as a guinea pig for their treatments. The only person who seems to care for her as a person is Susie Monahan, one of the nurses on the staff. Late in Vivian\'s illness, the only visitor she receives in the hospital is her former graduate school professor and mentor, Evelyn Ashford, who reads her excerpts from Margaret Wise Brown\'s The Runaway Bunny. As she nears the end of her life, Vivian regrets her insensitivity and realizes she should have been kinder to more people. In her time of greatest need, she learns that human compassion is of more profound importance than intellectual wit. Vivian dies at the end of the film, with her voiceover reciting "death be not proud".'] ["Expanding on the original's premise of a one hour time loop, this version saw the main character reliving the same 24-hour period, which would restart at one minute past midnight . Lowly clerk Barry Thomas is very interested in his co-worker and scientist Lisa Fredericks who barely notices him. That night Barry witnesses her death in a drive-by shooting as he heads home from work. Much later as he laments her death, he receives an electrical shock at exactly midnight. The next morning he slowly becomes aware that all the events of the previous morning are repeating themselves. The shock has caused him to be aware of the time loop, while everyone else is oblivious to the repetition. Over several loops, Barry learns how to save Lisa while in the process getting fired and arrested for being in the wrong place and for superior knowledge of events, a problem that often occurs in time travel stories. In some loops he gets much closer to Lisa than others, though there is a general theme of progression of the relationship. Barry eventually learns that Lisa’s boss, Dr. Thadius Moxley, illegally and unethically proceeded with a prohibited scientific experiment involving faster-than-light particle acceleration that caused the time loop. Dr. Thadius Moxley’s henchmen are also behind Lisa’s murder, as she had uncovered aspects of his illegal activities. With the help of an undercover government agent, Barry and Lisa must stop her boss and prevent him from ever activating the machine again or the world will remain trapped in a time loop forever. It also contains a happy ending, as the protagonist ultimately finds a way to correct the time loop over the course of the film’s 94-minute running time. The movie was released on DVD in the United States on November 28, 2006."] ["The film starts in 1912. Aboard of the RMS Titanic, the wealthy Winfield family heads to the United States. 20-year-old Edwina enjoys her engagement to Charles Fitzgerald and she is surrounded by her parents Kate and Bert, her brothers George and Teddy, and younger sister Alexis, who is celebrating her sixth birthday. One night, the ship hits an iceberg and soon starts to sink. While heading to the life boats, panic breaks out and Alexis is nowhere to be found. Kate convinces Edwina to go into a boat with Teddy and stays behind herself to look for Alexis. After the sinking, Edwina is able to lift George from the water and they are eventually saved by RMS Carpathia. Edwina, George and Teddy soon find out that Alexis has survived the disaster, but that their parents and Charles didn't. Upon arriving in Boston, Edwina tries to adjust to a normal life, but the traumatic experience has a great deal of impact on her. She is advised to send the children away to their aunt, but she is determined to raise them alone, not wanting to neglect the family newspaper company. George is planning on dropping out of high school to become a theater director and Alexis runs away from home for a night when she learns that her mother had a chance to go on a lifeboat, but choose to stay with her husband. Edwina refuses a proposal from a man named Ben Jones, explaining she still isn't over the death of her fiancée. Ten years go by. George was forced to go to Harvard University and later had to take over the newspaper. Edwina is mad at him for ignoring his responsibilities for the theater. She eventually decides to sell the newspaper and allows George to follow his dream and become a professional stage director. At the premiere of George's first professional play, Edwina meets Sam Horowitz, the father of Helen Horowitz, the lead actress George is in love with. Alexis is seduced by the older womanizing actor Malcolm Stone, much to the distress of Edwina. The rebellious Alexis doesn't stop seeing him and she accompanies him to nightclubs, where she is introduced to cocaine. Edwina tries to break them up, but this only leads to an estrangement from her. On the day of George and Helen's marriage ceremony, she runs away from home. Edwina follows her to England and aboards a ship for the first time since the disaster. She initially refuses to leave her cabin, afraid of the memories. The first time on the deck, she meets Englishman Patrick Kelly. He immediately shows interest in her, but she is still recultant to allow herself to love someone. In London, they spend all their time looking for Alexis and find out she is heading to Paris for the weekend. In the meantime, she agrees to stay with Patrick and they give in to their feelings for each other. Although knowing he is a married man, she spends a few nights with him and then reluctantly leaves him. She eventually locates Alexis and finds out she is married to Malcolm. She threatens to sue him for kidnapping and rape and tries to convince Alexis to go with her. Before leaving with her, Alexis admits that Malcolm drugged her. Back in Boston, the Winfield family is finally reunited and George and Helen announce they will have a baby. Edwina stops being mad at her mother for not going into a lifeboat and she is courted by Sam."] ['In a recapitulation of the series cliffhanger, Alien Nation: Dark Horizon begins with Susan Francisco and her daughter Emily falling victim to a newly developed bacterial infection that was created by a group of human Purists to exterminate the Newcomer species. There is also a new sub-plot running parallel to this one, the story of Ahpossno, a Tenctonese Overseer who lands on Earth to find any surviving Tenctonese and bring them back into slavery. The idea of a signal sent into space by the surviving Overseers was explored in the Alien Nation episode Contact.'] ['Widow Mary Bassett  and her 3 children have hit difficult times on their farm; it is especially apparent when they cannot even afford a turkey for their Thanksgiving dinner. Oldest daughter Tilly  writes to Mary’s wealthy and estranged mother Isabella , exaggerating their situation in a lengthy letter. Isabella comes to the farm to offer her help and finds a kindred spirit in Tilly. However, Mary resents her mother’s attempts to help them out of their financial difficulties.'] ["When freshman Trixie Stone  accuses her ex-boyfriend Jason Underhill  of raping her, everyone is quick to take his side when he claims their intercourse was consensual. Trixie's parents, Daniel , a mild mannered comic book artist from a harsh background, and Laura , a college professor of literature sleeping with one of her students, become involved. After questioning Trixie and conducting a blood test it is revealed that Trixie was drugged, and people begin to believe that she was really raped. Jason, whose life is supposedly ruined, leaps from a bridge. Although first presumed to be suicide, Trixie and her father are later suspected of pushing him off the bridge. After the police call Daniel requesting blood samples from him and Trixie to compare to blood found under Jason's fingernails, he attempts to flee with her in his car but is soon stopped by the police, and he then tells Trixie that he was the one who pushed Jason off the bridge. Daniel is brought in to the police station and confesses to pushing Jason, but is then brought to another room with Laura inside. Laura confesses to Daniel that she was there when Jason died. Jason  and Laura get into an argument as he is standing outside the bridge rails and in the struggle he losses his balance and falls off the bridge. Laura tries to grab him but is unable to pull him up and he falls down leaving scratches on Laura's hands. The police decide not to press charges against Laura and the whole family is released. The title of the film is based on the notion in Dante's Divine Comedy that hell is divided into nine circles. In one of the final scenes of the movie, Laura, who is teaching the Divine Comedy in college, says that there must be a tenth circle in hell, kept for those who hurt their beloved ones and kept acting as if everything was as usual."] ['On April 6, 2001, Anne Sluti , an all-American 17-year-old teenager, is seen running track at her high school as her boyfriend, Gary, and her best friend, Paige, watch. Gary gives Anne a teddy bear for their anniversary. Anne then departs with her best friend, but before she does so, she promises Gary that she\'ll pick up his CD at the mall. At home, Anne is surprised to see that her older brother, Tom , is on leave from the military. Anne\'s mother, Elaine , presents Anne with her acceptance letter from college. Anne is excited and says she wants to tell Gary and Paige; her dad  gives her money to pick up the CD. Anne is next seen exiting the mall. Suddenly, when she is about to get into her car, Tony Zappa  comes up behind her and drags her to his car. Anne begins screaming as onlookers call 911; Anne finds her way out of the car as Tony punches her in the stomach, throws Anne in the car, and drives off. The police arrive. When one of the detectives tells Officer Mike Timbrook  that the car belongs to Anne Sluti, Officer Timbrook realizes that he knows her family and goes off to tell the Sluti family of Anne\'s kidnapping. Anne awakens at night as Tony tells her that she shouldn\'t have screamed. Anne said she screamed because he was punching her, and soon realizes that Tony won\'t allow her to be released. Tony pulls the car over, and after binding her hands behind her with duct tape and blindfolding her, he tells her that if she can get herself out of the tape, he\'ll let her leave. She is unable to do so, and Tony returns her to the car. While driving for some time, he removes the blindfold. The car suddenly crashes and flips on its side. Tony frees himself, but Anne, strapped in a seat belt with her hands still bound, is unable to do the same. Tony climbs back and cuts the seat belt, pulls her out of the car, and onto the grass. While she gasps for air, Tony says, "I saved your life. That means I own you." Daylight breaks and Tony has a chain around Anne\'s neck as they walk down a dirt road. Tony sees a tractor and ties the end of the chain to a post while he drags the car out of the ditch with the tractor. Anne uses this opportunity to leave a message by carving her name into a rock. Anne persuades Tony to let her call someone and tell them that it was her idea to take off. Back at the Sluti home, one of Anne\'s mother\'s friends, Cat, lets Anne\'s parents stay at her home to rest while she stays at their house in case anything new happens. Later, the phone rings, and it\'s Anne. Tony has her call home in a phone booth. Anne asks for her mother Elaine, pretending that Elaine is just a friend, but Tony hangs up and has her call Paige. Anne leaves a clue in her message. Tony believes she says she\'s on "a quality vacation," while she is actually saying "equality vacation," signifying that she is in Wyoming . Then she hangs up, and Tony says that it\'s time they start their "vacation." Tony and Anne stop at a cabin that he breaks into. He cooks them dinner made from a rabbit he killed; this is when Anne learns his name and that he is going to keep her. In a delusion, he states he imagines Anne in a yellow dress, thanking him for a nice dinner. He then takes the chain lock that was previously on Anne\'s neck, attaching it to her leg and a couch. He then gives her a wedding ring to wear. He excuses himself to "take a piss," while in reality he is injecting himself with drugs and begins yelling upstairs. Anne then spots a phone outlet, which she drags closer to herself by using an umbrella. She dials 9-1-1 and tells the operator that she\'s been kidnapped by a man named Tony. The call is being traced; Officer Timbrook received word about the call. He and FBI Agent Reynolds , who have taken over the case due to Anne being taken across state lines, learn that Tony Zappa is the abductor and that he is wanted on other charges for causing a manhunt after closing down the Mall of America in search of him the month before. As the FBI search the cabin, they discover that Anne and Tony have fled. Officer Timbrook and Agent Reynolds go to visit Tony\'s grandmother for questioning; she is a religious woman who says that Tony is a good boy. Anne\'s mother is at home praying. Tony, angered at Anne for alerting the police, has her starting to dig her own grave. She argues that he\'s going to kill her anyway and refuses to dig anymore, pleading with Tony either to let her go or shoot her. He holds a knife up to her and lets her know that he is not going to kill her. He then pushes her to the ground; she realizes what he\'s going to do and begs him to stop, but he puts the knife up to her, cuts her bra open, and rapes her. The next morning, Tony takes her to a campsite, where he tells Anne to wash herself to destroy evidence, whilst he searches a camp truck and house for new clothes for her. Anne pulls from her jacket the teddy bear that Gary gave her. Anne washes her face and arms vigorously while Tony watches from afar. He then goes outside and gives Anne sweatpants, a sweatshirt, and slippers to change into inside the house. After she changes, Tony tells her that she looks nice. When Tony goes outside, Anne turns on the television and sees a news report on her and Tony, then an interview with her parents and brother. She begins to cry as Tony rushes inside. She quickly turns off the television, but he knows that it had been on. He asks her what it was, and she denies that she had been doing anything. Tony is amused when the reporter gives a description of him, calling him the "jack rabbit," but he gets enraged when a description of the car is listed; he knocks the television off of its shelf as it breaks. Tony storms out of the house as Anne follows. He turns around as she says they need to find a new car. Tony tells her to come so they can go. Anne asks why he took her. He responds saying "I get tired of being alone". Tony steals a station wagon and makes Anne get all of the stuff out of the other car. She leaves her teddy bear behind as another clue. Officer Timbrook and Agent Reynolds find the car not too long after. Officer Timbrook finds the teddy bear and removes its head, finding a note that says "Sluti Wed 1 PM." He shows Officer Reynolds the note, telling her that they missed the two by an hour. Tony discovers another deserted house. As he breaks the bolt off the door, an older man walking his dog spots the station wagon and looks right at the house. While Anne and Tony are inside, he starts yelling at no one, coming right out and asking her if she hears "that." She says that she doesn\'t hear anything. Tony drags her close to the window and asks her what she sees; she says she can\'t see anything because it\'s too dark, as it is nighttime. Lights flash outside as it becomes evident that the FBI and police have found them. Tony becomes hysterical, blaming Anne and saying he is not going to go to prison. Anne tells him to call the police, as she won\'t let them hurt him. She gets on the phone and asks them to let Tony call his grandmother. When he talks to his grandmother she asks if it\'s true that he took Anne, and said she\'ll be praying for him. Tony tells his grandmother that he\'s going to kill Anne, and then himself. He points the gun at Anne\'s chest as Anne picks up the phone and tells the police not to shoot, as they are coming out. She tells Tony they can\'t shoot, or they\'d end up shooting her, too. As they exit the house, he has his arm wrapped around her; she turns around and tells him to put the gun down. As he does, Anne runs to Officer Timbrook. Tony begins screaming for Anne as the FBI and police rush towards him. He begs them not to shoot, as he is getting on the ground. While Officer Timbrook is hugging Anne, he shows her the teddy bear that she left behind, returning it to Anne. Tony is put in the back of a police car, still screaming her name. Anne and Officer Timbrook walk up to the window as Anne throws at the window the wedding ring Tony gave to her. The film ends with Anne in a car as Officer Timbrook drives her home. She gets out of the car, running towards her family and hugging them as reporters all around are filming and asking questions. Officer Timbrook smiles while Anne\'s father looks up at him, mouthing, "Thank you."'] ['Based on the "Molly: An American Girl" book series, this movie is set in 1944 in the town of Jefferson, Illinois. Molly McIntire and her family are learning to cope with the changes the war has brought to their close-knit family. The start somewhat centers around Molly missing her father who is overseas to care for wounded soldiers in England. As they try to keep things running smoothly, Molly enters a dance contest at school, and is picked for the role of "Miss Victory". She and her friends, Susan Shapiro and Linda Rinaldi, are lively, outgoing, and always bursting with ideas. Also during this time, a young girl named Emily Bennett comes from London, England to live with the McIntire family. At first, Molly is unhappy about Emily staying at her home because she thinks she is rich and stuck-up. Then Molly learns Emily\'s true story, and her feelings toward her change for the better. At the end of the film, Molly learns the importance of getting along and pulling together no matter what.'] ['The Damned Thing, inspired by Ambrose Bierce\'s classic short-story of the same title, is the apocalyptic tale of a monstrous force that devastates Sheriff Kevin Reddle\'s family and his small Texas town of Cloverdale. As a child, Reddle\'s father goes berserk, guns down his wife, and almost kills Kevin before being disemboweled by an invisible force. Before he dies, Kevin\'s father says the "damned thing" has found him. In the present day, Kevin  is now the town sheriff and insists on living in his childhood home. He has mounted surveillance cameras around the house. The mental strain has driven away his wife, Dina , who has taken their son Mikey with them. A rash of violent deaths plague the town and Kevin begins to realize that the same force that drove his father to murder, the Damned Thing, is still active. He discovers that decades ago a neighboring town was plagued by the same madness after opening a new oil well that subsequently dried up. Many of the citizens killed each other and Kevin\'s parents were among the survivors. Kevin believes that the same force sought out his father and killed him, and is now after him. Madness sweeps over Cloverdale and even Dina is not immune: only Kevin\'s intervention stops her from killing their son. However, he is soon swept up in the madness and his wife and son are forced to escape. A furious Kevin shoots the town priest , who believes that Mikey has inherited the same evil. As Kevin prepares to kill Dina and Mikey, the Damned Thing rises from the earth: a giant semi-solid creature of oil. It swallows Kevin whole and Dina and Mikey flee in their vehicle. However, they run out of gas down the road and the creature attacks them. It is not known if they survive.'] ["Emma  is a 15-year-old girl who was raised by her grandfather, Clayton Hayes . She wants to know about her mother Angie Baker , who abandoned her when she was a baby. She decides to go visit her mother. While there, she meets a man named Ray Wilcox  who is attracted to her the minute he meets her. He keeps complimenting her until one night she goes out to dinner with him. He gives her too much champagne, then takes her to an abandoned room and rapes her. This results in Emma becoming pregnant. She tells her grandfather, who threatens to murder Ray. Then Ray starts to stalk her, which in turn ends up making her go into labor. Ray sues for sole custody of the baby; he wins the case, but Clayton kidnaps the baby. After becoming a fugitive, the police arrive at Emma's house along with Ray to get the baby. Emma tells them she doesn't have the baby and after persistent questioning and threatening from Ray, they leave. Clayton is assisted by various friends while on the run, including a minister. Clayton is forced to come out of hiding and seek a hospital when the baby's ever-declining health causes him to stop breathing. He is eventually found and Emma wins the custody fight on appeal and Clayton is granted custody of the baby. Ray comes back and tries to talk to Angie but Clayton interferes and sends him away. The end of the movie is Angie, Clayton, and Emma living together and taking care of the baby and Emma going to school."] ['The film is narrated by Ben Jago, a corrupt police detective who is prepared to manipulate those around him to get what he wants, even the people he loves. After the Commissioner of London\'s Metropolitan Police Sinclair Carver is caught using racist language he is forced to resign. The Home Secretary and Prime Minister choose John Othello, a black policeman and Jago\'s best friend, to be the next Commissioner as a publicity stunt after a reporter praises him for ending a riot. Jago, Carver\'s second-in-command, feels that Othello stole his chance to become Commissioner himself, as he had been the favourite for the job. Jago plots to take revenge on Othello by ruining his life and driving him out of his new job. Jago posts on a neo-Nazi website about Othello\'s marriage to Dessie Brabant, a wealthy white woman, leading her to be attacked in the street. When Othello asks Jago to lend him a man to look after her during the day Jago suggests Michael Cass, an attractive inspector and known womanizer, to look after Dessie. Jago also seduces Dessie\'s best friend, Lulu, to try to get information about Dessie\'s past and her relationship with Cass. During this Othello has Jago look into the death of Billy Coates, a black drug addict, who was battered to death by three policemen claiming it was self-defense. He discovers, via PC Alan Roderick, that the three policemen actually went to Coastes\' flat with the intention of attacking him. Jago sympathises with Roderick and offers protection in return for him testifying against the other three policemen. Upon discovering this Othello is given all the credit. Furious that he has once again been overlooked by Othello, Jago decides to ruin the case. Roderick is called to give evidence at the trial causing the other policemen to rebuff him. The day he is called to trial he is found dead from an overdose, and it is suggested that Jago overdosed Roderick with alcohol, knowing he was on anti-depressants. Jago offers to take the blame, but Othello refuses, telling him that he is the "only person [he] can trust." Through Jago\'s prompting and several misunderstandings between Dessie and Cass, Othello begins to become paranoid that Dessie is having an affair. Jago suggests they use DNA to test whether Dessie and Cass sleeping together. During a televised interview Othello has a breakdown and even attacks Cass in a car park. Jago starts to feel guilty, but decides that it is out of his hands. Nonetheless he tells Othello that he got the DNA tests back, confirming that Dessie is having an affair. That night Othello returns home to confront her. When Dessie denies it Othello kills her in a fit of anger. Worried when they don\'t get a response at the door, Jago and Lulu break into the flat to find Dessie dead. Jago tells Othello that the tests were negative and Dessie was innocent. Realising that he had been manipulated, Othello asks Jago why he did it, to which Jago states that Othello took what was his; despite everything, however, Jago states that he still loves Othello and always will. Jago and Lulu wait outside for the police to arrive when Othello commits suicide. Shortly after the Home Secretary and Prime Minister decide to choose a more reliable pair of hands for the Commissioner, choosing Jago. The film ends with Jago stating that it wasn\'t about race or politics but love, "simple as that."'] ["As America recovers from the Civil War, Paul Cable  returns home to Texas after being away from his family for years while fighting for the Confederacy. His wife, Martha , is a pretty but strong-willed frontier woman, whose independence makes her a force in and of herself. She had been told that he was killed in action. Upon her husband's unexpected return, she once again devotes herself to being his wife, but resents him for having left her and their children behind to fight a war she didn't care to understand. Despite having loved each other since childhood and being married, Paul and Martha are now like strangers to each other, and the tension between them is evident. During his absence, their youngest daughter died from a fever, and Martha, having borne that without him, has developed a hatred for her husband. Her father, James Sanford , scolds her for her attitude toward Cable, but she stands her ground, never backing down from her stance on the subject. Her father knows her well, and subsequently leaves the subject alone. Cable decides he will return to Arizona and reclaim the ranch he owns there. The family members, consisting of Paul, Martha, and their daughter and son, load up their belongings, bid farewell to Martha's father, and make their way to Arizona. While en route, they come into contact with Lorraine Kidston , the beautiful ramrod cowgirl daughter of rancher Duane Kidston . During the night, horses headed by her men accidentally stampede through the Cables' camp, leading Paul and Martha to scold the men. Lorraine agrees that her men were foolish to run the horses at night, and scolds them. Through this interaction, the cowhands and Lorraine learn that the man in front of them is, in fact, Paul Cable. They had been told that he was dead, and since then, her father has assumed control of Cable's ranch. Lorraine's father, Duane Kidston, is a former Union Army soldier, as is his brother Vern . They have little use for former Confederates, and feel that Cable's ranch now belongs to them. Upon reaching the ranch, Cable confronts the Kidston men staying in his house. However, when one man attempts to draw on Cable, he is shot and killed by Martha Cable, who is in the dark shadows. The shooting leads to an ongoing feud between Paul Cable and the Kidston men, during which several of Kidston's hired guns are killed by Cable. Vern and Lorraine Kidston, however, begin to sympathize with the Cables, feeling it is better to simply return the ranch to them and let things be. Duane disagrees, but relents to his daughter and brother's wishes. In the end, the real threat to the Cables' new life in Arizona does not come from the Kidstons, but from a one-armed Confederate sympathizer and former soldier, Edward Janroe , who kills Duane, an event for which Cable is blamed. Despite everything pointing to Cable as Duane's killer, not even Duane's brother Vern believes it. Janroe kidnaps Cable's daughter as security during an illegal gun transaction with Mexican bandits. Cable and Vern team up and chase down Janroe, killing him, then get involved in a shootout with the bandits. Cable eventually asks Vern to take his daughter out of harm's way, which Vern does. Cable then takes on the remaining bandits alone, with them eventually just deciding to take the guns from Janroe's wrecked wagon and leave. Cable returns home wounded, where he is nursed by Martha, who has finally learned to accept him as he is. She decides to forgive him, forget all the animosity between them, and love her husband again."] ['{{Cleanup}} Missie LaHaye bids a reluctant goodbye at the grave of her late husband Willie, who died two years previously in the line of duty as the sheriff of Tettsford Junction. Even after giving up her job as the town schoolteacher, Missie has found running the ranch on her own overwhelming, so she has resigned herself to letting her son Jeff and his new bride take control of it jointly with her brothers Aaron and Arnie. Missie and her ten-year-old son Mattie travel back to her hometown to live near the farm of her parents, Clark and Marty Davis. She goes back to teaching school. At her first Sunday service, Missie and Mattie learn from the attractive—and single— Pastor Joe that an “Orphan Train” with homeless children in need of good homes will soon arrive from the Children’s Aid Society of New York. Outside the church, Clark introduces Missie to sharp-tongued biddy Mrs. Pettis, who disdains the orphans as "ragamuffins." At the same time, Missie catches the eye of a passing horseman: bachelor Sheriff Zach Tyler, another target of Mrs. Pettis’ vitriol. Claiming that Zach is not a godly man, Mrs. Pettis passes her judgment on him, implying he has a shameful past on the wrong side of the law. On her way to work, Missie passes the church just as the orphan distribution is underway. Although she is firmly determined not to grant Mattie’s request for a new sibling, she goes in—just in time to witness 14-year-old Belinda behaving belligerently toward the Pettises as they choose eight-year-old Jacob—looking on him as a farm worker rather than a son. Realizing that the lone orphan Belinda will be sent back to the foundling home in New York, Missie volunteers to adopt her. Unbeknownst to all, Belinda is Jacob’s sister. She kept this secret to prevent potential parents from breaking up siblings because they see her as "too old" to adopt. With Jacob secured in a home nearby, Belinda can figure out a way for them to flee; she believes that their father had given them up for adoption with the full intention of reuniting with them in the near future. She is so sure of this that she resists family life within the loving embrace of Missie, the Davises, Zach, and the community; she sneaks out of Missie’s home nightly to reassure Jacob that soon they will leave together. She becomes more determined after learning that the Pettises beat and starve him. Missie tells her mother Marty that she feels as if a voice inside told her to adopt Belinda, but she still can’t explain why. Perhaps, says Marty, “God knew that Belinda needed you. And maybe, for some reason you don’t understand yet, you need her.” Joe attempts to court Missie, but she resists, explaining she could never love anyone the way she loved her late husband. Missie then struggles to convince herself that although she is not in love with the sheriff, at least he would make a good marriage partner. While Missie discusses Belinda’s disturbing nocturnal disappearances with Zach, who has warmed her heart with his kindness toward the young girl, he states he has no faith in God if a child can suffer like Belinda. Later, Missie tells her mother she couldn’t love a man who didn’t share her faith. Zach and Missie discover Jacob’s plight, but are anguished that they can’t rescue him unless he exposes the Pettises, which he won’t out of fear of reprisal. While Missie and Zach appreciate their mutual desire to help the boy, they clash over how to save him. An angry Belinda berates them for their inability to help Jacob, claiming her father will soon come to their aid. Exasperated by Belinda’s rejection, Missie visits Marty, who reminds her that Missie once had trouble accepting Marty as her stepmother. Sagely, she tells Missie that “loving a child has nothing to do with giving birth” and “being a family is a choice, not necessarily something that just happens because you’re related by blood." Belinda shows Missie a note written by her father. Belinda can’t read, but is sure the note explains how he’ll come back for her and Jacob. Missie then reads her the note, and Belinda learns that her father had actually left them at the orphanage for good. Later, Zach visits Missie at the school to explain his lack of faith: his fiancée was an innocent victim of murderous bank robbers. Missie then relates the story of her husband’s death, but adds that she still can’t be with a person who doesn’t share her faith. After Missie again fails to rescue Jacob, Belinda runs away with him into the stormy night. Everyone joins a desperate search for them. Amid the lightning-laden thunderstorm, Zach prays. He then hears a voice over the din and follows it to the abandoned mine where the children have sought shelter. Zach tells Missie it was God’s miracle that guided him in the wilderness, but as she later admits to her father, she doesn’t know how to “let go” of her late husband. Clark tells her love doesn’t die when a person passes away; it stays in a person\'s heart forever as she moves on to a new life with a new chance for happiness. Missie takes that chance by marrying Zach. They adopt Jacob as well and begin their lives as a family of five.'] ["Annie Garrett  is a young woman who moves with her slacker husband Ross and their seven-year-old daughter Taylor  from Colorado to a ranch in northern California. After he fails to land a job as promised, Ross abandons Annie and Taylor. With nowhere to turn, and their horse to look after, Annie gets a job as a ranch hand and stable person at a stud farm owned by Mary Lou O'Brien , a stern woman who is dealing with her own past. Inspired by Mary Lou's encouragement, Annie decides to enter in to a dressage competition with her horse she trained herself, Tolo. Unfortunately, Tolo becomes blind and Annie is injured. When she recovers she goes to compete on one of Mary Lou's horses, California Red, but due to an unexpected visit, the horse is unable to compete. In order to compete, she has to believe in herself and have faith in Tolo to win."] ['The film opens to the actual murder. Three teenage boys are holding a knife to the throat of a man. They are demanding his wedding ring, and he is begging for his life. The boy holding the knife says "he can\'t do it." Another boy draws a pistol, says "God Forgive me", and shoots him to death. The three boys run out of the house to a getaway car. The scene then cuts to a courtroom. The prosecuting attorney explains to the court that Ms. Smart coerced the boys into the murder of her husband. The scene then cuts to a flashback, where Gregg Smart calls the home of his then-fiancee Pam. He tells her that he got a job at a New Hampshire insurance company, and that she should pack her bags. When he arrives, she notices that he cut his hair, and expresses her disapproval. The next scene shows their wedding. As they are about to drive off, she tells her new parents-in-law that she is thankful that they have been so good to her. Pamela soon applies for a job at a news station, but is turned down. She then gets a job as a media director at a high school, where she begins an Anti-Drug campaign. For the drug campaign, she meets several students, including Billy Flynn and Cecelia Pierce. After the meeting, she drives Cecelia and Billy home, dropping off Cecelia first. When Billy and Pam are alone in the car, they learn of their shared fandom of Van Halen, and Pam says she used to work on a radio station, & met the band then. Later on, Billy, Pam, and Cecelia learn of a contest to make an advertisement for orange juice, which has a cash prize and a trip to Florida. They decide to make a music video for it, Billy being the cameraman. Soon after, Cecelia expresses her interest of going into a similar field to Pam, who offers to let her be her intern. Cecelia accepts, and tells Pam that Billy has a "major crush" on her. On one occasion, Pam and Billy go to a nightclub together, despite Bobby\'s mother\'s disapproval. One day of filming the music video, Pam asks Billy if she could shower at his house, he says that was okay. Afterward, Billy and Pam talk in his bedroom, & they soon begin to kiss each other passionately. Pam soon pulls away and tells Billy that she\'s married. However, soon Billy is at his friends house. He tells his friend that his mom believes he is sleeping over there, so if she calls he should pretend he can\'t come to the phone, but in reality he is going to Pam\'s and that her husband is out of town. When asked if they plan to have sex, Billy says "I hope so." At Pam\'s, they do end up going upstairs and having sex for the first time. When Pam is driving Billy home one day, she tells him they have to break up. Billy asks her why, and she says that Greg rarely goes out of town like that, and that she wants to be with Billy always. She tells him that the only way they could be together is if he murders her husband. Billy suggests that she divorces Gregg, but she says that all they own is made out to him, and he would get all of it. He also has had a history of beating her, and is afraid for her safety if she leaves him. She tells him that he will also pay his friends $1,000 to kill her husband. On two separate occasions, Billy says he and his friends will kill Gregg, but both times he doesn\'t, and Pam reacts with anger, and threatens to tell Gregg of the whole situation. Billy tells his friends that he would commit suicide if he lost Pam. On the third occasion, they succeed in killing him. When questioned by the police and media, Pam adamantly claims that her husband was not a violent person, nor was he involved with illegal drugs. Meanwhile, an anonymous caller tells the Police that Cecelia knew about the plot. The police immediately question Cecelia, who eventually admits to the story being true. Billy & his friends are arrested, as is Pam. Billy is offered a reduced sentence if he testifies against Pam, and his friends talk him into it. The movie ends in the courtroom again. The jury finds Pamela to be guilty, and she is sentenced.'] ['{{Expand section}} Children of a bootlegger in an extremely remote area of the U.S. have been orphaned when their mother died giving birth to the 7th of them at home and the distraught father fell off the roof of the house in a drunken stupor . The oldest child, desperate to keep the remainder of his family together, has managed to keep the fate of his parents secret from the surrounding community due to the nearly inaccessible locale, resources available to keep the farm running smoothly and well trained, vicious watchdogs. However, the minors feel need for guidance and are looking for replacement guardians going about it by sending the smaller, irresistibly cute moppets on errands requiring them to travel along local roads. The youngsters cajole people considerate enough to pick them up into taking them home. Guests are then maneuvered into staying so they can be put through an evaluation process at the end of which the children decide whether or not the candidates fit their idea of good parents. Those who do not cut muster are free to go, so says the oldest sibling and his word has never been doubted amongst the rest of the family. The new candidates for parenthood put up determined resistance and begin to exasperate the quietly tyrannical older child; but affection for the new couple and maturation are making the other children wonder about their method of choosing parental guidance and just where "all the kind strangers" are going when they leave.'] ["It is the end of the semester and Logan's father invites them to his house. When Logan's father says that there is going to be a competition vs the boys and the girls, he gives them Tekmates. Who ever wins the competition will be on his show Gender Defenders, so the teams pick their own team leader. Chase is the leader for the boys and Zoey is the leader for the girls. Before the competition, Quinn makes an energy drink that is not ready yet and Dustin drinks it without Quinn knowing at first until he went crazy. In the middle of the competition, Chase sent a message to Michael saying that he does not want to tell Zoey that he loves her. But, by accident, he sent it to Zoey. He gets the Tekmate from her and deletes the message. When he tries to give it back to her, she is gone. When she finds out, she gets mad. The girls end up winning but Logan's father says that there were hidden cameras so they were all on the show. When they go back to PCA, Zoey asked Chase what the message was. Michael, Logan, Quinn and Lola call them to watch the show on TV. Dustin then stops going crazy. In the end, Chase writes the message on his Tekmate to Zoey, but realizes it is not with her. The last scene shows Zoey's Tekmate, which she left by a fountain, vibrating into the water and therefore impeding her from seeing it."] ['While on a tour in Hollywood, a young couple, Joel and Donna Gregory , arrive at the house of Lorna Love, an infamous actress who died in 1935. There, they meet with housekeepers Clara Josephs  and Oscar Payne , to investigate the mystery behind Lorna and finish a book that they are writing on the actress, an interest that came out of the discovery that Joel\'s father was her lover. While staying at the mansion, strange incidents occur. The couple immediately notice a portrait of Lorna, painted by Joel\'s father, and shortly after, Donna catches a 1930s-dressed woman at the center-located shrine in the garden. At their first night, they are visited by Conan Carroll , a film director who directed Lorna in her first breakthrough film Gone of Desire. Conan claims that Lorna ruined his life, and that Joel Sr. was the only person ever to walk away from her, after telling her that she had no soul. He quickly wants to exit the mansion, leaving Joel and Donna with even more questions. As Conan leaves, he is attacked by an unknown creature, and falls in the fountain, in which he drowns following a heart attack. While processing this information, Donna finds a mysterious blade that was commonly used in witchcraft and one of her photos torn apart. Joel, meanwhile, tries to find out more on a locked room, and finds out through Clara that it was Joel Sr. and Lorna\'s bedroom. Later that day, Joel and Donna visit Denise Christian , an aged actress and former rival of Lorna at a set for a commercial. Denise explains that Lorna tried to blackball her at every studio as soon as Denise became as big of a star as her. She continues to tell that she first met Joel Sr. at the studio - where Joel Sr. was working in the art department - and that Lorna stole him from her just to bug Denise. Denise concludes to reveal that Lorna contacted a healer for eternal beauty and youth, and could not sleep ever since: after Joel Sr. smashed all the windows and left, she lived in a spiritual world of eternal fire. Back at the mansion, Joel finds a book about witch spells, and becomes obsessed with Lorna, fantasizing about her . Moments later, the same man who scared Conan tries to murder Donna through carbon monoxide poisoning in a locked bathroom, and Joel and Clara are only just in time to save her. Donna initially insists on leaving, but decides to support her husband as he explains that he is near discovering Lorna\'s secrets and thus can\'t leave yet. They next meet with Marcella Geffenhart , Lorna\'s self-proclaimed best friend. She tells them about "Father Eternal Fire", a spiritual man, though refuses to elaborate on the witchcraft blade that Donna found. After the conversation, Donna claims that Marcella is the woman who ran past Lorna\'s shrine on the first day of their arrival, and wants to continue meeting with Marcella. Joel, however, forbids her from doing so, explaining that Lorna deserves to have secrets. That evening – in an obsessed rage - Joel breaks into Lorna\'s bedroom and reads about details of Joel Sr.\'s affair with her. Donna, meanwhile, has again spotted the woman from day one and reaches out to Joel for help. The next morning, Donna pleads to leave, but Joel again protects Lorna and refuses to go. Donna then meets with Oscar reveals that part of the healer\'s activities involved fire, and that her husband is not safe in the mansion. Donna hurries to save Joel, and finds a terrified Marcella at the mansion along with the witchcraft blade cut through a photo of her. As she looks around, she finds out that Clara Josephs is actually a very alive Lorna. She rushes to save Joel, but he does not recognize her and instead turns to Clara/Lorna. While under her spell, Joel kisses her at the shrine and fire breaks out. Donna goes in to save Joel, and leaves Clara/Lorna to burn to death.'] ['When a test group says the company\'s latest video game, Evilution, is too boring, the game\'s development team is fired. Businessman Peter Drummond hires three new programmers: A weapons expert named Hardcore, a game artificial intelligence designer named Sol, and a sound effects creator named Bug. Faye Clayton promises $1 million to the programmer who makes the game the "scariest", igniting a fierce rivalry between the trio. During a storm three weeks later, lightning strikes the building and causes all of the computers and electronic equipment to go offline. After a meeting with Drummond, the three programmers decide to try out the game with the help of Clayton Software intern Laura Wheeler. The game involves a motion capture suit that is connected to the computer network and used to program the game\'s movements. Peter places a backup CD into the external drive while the others set up. Bug, Hardcore, and Sol soon lose the game, and are surprised to see Laura get all the way to the final boss. Sol inserts his new AI chip into the mainframe and begins to play the game. As he advances to the game\'s third level, the motion capture suit connected to the computer network comes alive. Simultaneously, the suit attacks Sol in real life while an in-game monster drags Sol\'s video game character away. The following morning, Bug and Hardcore discover that Sol has been killed and the backup CD has been stolen. Hardcore attempts to review the security camera tapes with his PDA, but accidentally touches the motion capture suit, which has merged itself with Sol\'s dead body. The suit attacks Hardcore; although he initially manages to fight it off, he is later killed. The suit then merges itself with Hardcore\'s muscular body and takes all of his weapons, giving it a striking resemblance to the monster in the game. Bug theorizes that the lighting strike combined with Sol\'s powerful AI chip has caused the suit to believe the real world is part of the video game. Bug, Laura and Drummond decide to pull the computer\'s plug, although doing so will likely erase all of the game\'s data. While Bug tries to figure out which set of wires to pull, Drummond is attacked by the monster in Hardcore\'s body. With Bug\'s help, Drummond manages to escape, but the security system malfunctions, seals all exits, and leaves Laura, Bug, and Drummond in near darkness. Bug travels through ceiling shafts and falls into the kitchen area, where he is attacked by the monster. As the monster draws closer, Bug exposes a gas line and lights his lighter, killing both himself and the monster. The monster returns to the motion-capture suit and attacks Drummond, but Laura saves him by virtually fighting the in-game monster. Laura later tries to beat the game but becomes frustrated and hysterical. Drummond suggests that she try a virtual reality headset, promising to stay with her while she fights. However, in the midst of the game, Laura realizes Drummond has left her. The monster appears and, in the real world, Laura escapes to the kitchen. There she finds a PDA displaying a video of Drummond stealing the game\'s backup CD the night of Sol\'s death; had Drummond not stolen it, the CD would have allowed the programmers to reverse compile the game and shut down the monster. Laura finds and confronts Drummond at gun point, forcing him to drop the CD. Drummond makes a speech stating that everyone is ultimately a monster. Laura shoots him in the knee and allows the monster to kill him. Laura then dons the VR headset and gloves, acquires a sword, and simultaneously battles the monster in both the real and virtual world. In the real world, she lures the suit toward a fish tank and electrocutes it with the water inside. She then stabs the monster with her sword, finally killing the monster. With everyone else who made the game dead, Laura turns in the final version of the game and demands the million dollar bonus for herself. The whole event has changed her, making her more jaded and world weary. The video game finally impresses the game testers. Laura uses the game\'s success to become the new ruthless and evil CEO of the company, which is renamed Wheeler Software.'] ['In the 1950s rural South Carolina, pregnant, 15 year-old Anney Boatwright is asleep in the backseat of her brother-in-law, Travis’, Chevy when the car crashes into a pickup truck. She flies through the windshield and remains unconscious when she gives birth to her daughter whom her family names Ruth  and Anne . However the baby is known throughout the family as “Bone” since Ruth’s Uncle Earl proclaimed that she “looked no bigger than a knuckle bone” when she was born. Problems arise when filling out her birth certificate since no one is really sure of her biological father’s last name. Despite their attempts to smudge a name on the certificate, the hospital quickly realizes the truth and stamps “ILLEGITIMATE” onto Bone\'s birth certificate, proclaiming her a bastard. Anney is furious that the state put a label on her and her daughter and vows to Bone that she will always stick by her side and defend her. When Bone is about 2 years old, Anney and Ruth attempt to go to the courthouse and fix Bone’s birth certificate. Ruth lies and says that with all the excitement surrounding the new baby and the worry that Anney was going to die, they lost track of her husband. Despite their attempts, the man stamps “NOT CERTIFIED” on the bottom of Bone’s birth certificate. As Bone gets older, Anney vows to her that she is going to find them a kind, strong man to take care of them. She eventually marries and becomes pregnant by Lyle Parsons, a wonderfully kind man who treats Bone as his own daughter. However, shortly after the birth of their daughter, Reese, Lyle is killed in a car accident. His family blames Anney, telling her that if he hadn’t married her white trash family and needed to work two jobs he wouldn’t have been on the road the day he died. Four years later, Anney is working as a waitress when her brother, Earl, introduces her to his co-worker, Glen Waddell, who is immediately smitten with her. While Glen appears shy and kind on the surface, he suffers from severe anger issues, often manifesting themselves in fights at work. During this time, the courthouse burns down and Earl steals Bone’s birth certificate which the family takes great pleasure in burning. Anney’s mother warns her against going out with Glen, saying he appears to be possessive and angry however Anney doesn’t see it, saying its typical for all men to have a temper. So when Glen proposes Anney happily agrees and quickly becomes pregnant. Glen is convinced that the baby will be a boy, whom he hopes to name Glen Jr. The night Anney goes into labor Glen waits in the car with Bone and Reese in the backseat. After Reese falls asleep, Glen calls her up front with him where he molests her. Bone is saddened and confused, unknowing what to make of the situation. Anney does give birth to Glen’s awaited baby boy, however he is stillborn and the doctor tells her that she will no longer be able to have children. After their son’s funeral, Glen proclaims they are moving to a new home away from Anney’s family. Her family objects but Anney is so saddened she agrees. After their move, Glen catches Bone looking at a picture of her and Lyle. Glen tells Bone that he is her daddy now and asks the girls to call him so. While Reese immediately calls him daddy, Bone only grudgingly does. Angry, Glen rips up Bone’s picture which she tearfully takes the pieces to and buries. Soon after that, Glen loses his job. He turns to his father for help, which he refuses to give him. After that, the family constantly moves, never staying in the same house more than eight months. Glen becomes increasingly violent, screaming at Anney and secretly molesting Bone. Glen continuously struggles with obtaining and keeping a job, leaving no money for food. When Bone accidentally drops a pitcher of iced tea at Glen’s father’s house, his father snaps at her and attempts to hit Glen who roughly shoves his father away saying, “You can’t hurt me anymore old man” signifying that he had been physically abused as a child. A few days later, Glen yells at Bone for running around outside. When Bone walks away mocking him he chases her into the house and beats her. He later tells Anney that Bone called him a bastard and was running around destroying things. Bone tries to be careful from then on, however, her mother goes back to work leaving her alone with Glen who finds any reason to beat Bone. Ashamed, thinking she\'s bad, Bone hides her bruises from everyone, including her mother. One day Anney notices Bone is walking funny, almost limping. When her mother brings her to the hospital, the doctor angrily informs her that Bone’s tailbone is broken and that she displays evidence of physical abuse. Her mother takes her and Reese to her sister, Alma’s to stay. However, as soon as Bone heals, Anney moves back in with Glen. One day, Anney asks Bone if she would like to go stay with her Aunt Ruth and keep her company since she is extremely sick. Ruth tells Bone that Glen doesn’t hate her, he\'s just jealous of the attention Anney gives her. Bone tells Ruth she aspires to be a gospel singer someday which she encourages. Despite their closeness, Bone can’t bring herself to tell her aunt about her sexual abuse. Soon after Bone arrives home from her Aunt’s house, Anney receives word that she died, devastating her. The day of Ruth’s funeral, Glen calls for Bone but she doesn’t respond. Angry, he brings Bone into the bathroom and beats her. At the funeral, Bone’s uncle Earl lets her have a little alcohol to toast her aunt and she quickly becomes tipsy. Her Aunt Raylene finds her in the bathroom on the toilet. When she tries to help her up, she discovers the bruises and calls Bone’s uncles who beat Glen unconscious. Bone moves in with her Uncle Earl and Aunt Raylene. When Bone expresses to her Aunt how angry she is that everyone in town looks down on her and her family Raylene tells her that everyone determines their own life and to think long and hard about who she is truly angry at. As they’re talking, her Uncle Earl arrives saying her Aunt Alma has gone berserk. When they arrive at her house, Alma is on the porch screaming and crying because her husband left her and their sons after he refused to have sex with her. Again, Bone experiences the pain that husbands can inflict on their families. Anney and Reese decide to stay at Alma’s until things settle down. Anney asks Bone to stay at Alma’s with her but she refuses. When Anney asks Bone to come back and live with her, Bone again refuses to come as long as Glen still lives with her. Her days at her aunt’s are long and happy until Glen shows up at Raylene’s house looking for Anney while Raylene is gone. He asks Bone to get him a glass of iced tea and follows her into the house. Glen tells her that Anney said she refuses to come home until Bone agrees to come home. He demands Bone to tell her mother it\'s ok to come home. Bone refuses to come home explaining that she told her mother she could go home without her. Bone tells Glen to leave and threatens to tell Anney about everything he did to her. Out of anger, Glen beats and rapes the girl but is caught by Anney, who smashes a bottle over his head and carries Bone out of the house to her car. Glen stumbles out of the house after Anney screaming his apologies to Anney and saying he can’t live without her. He leans against the car door and repeatedly smashes his head against it until she strokes his head in forgiveness. Bone is taken to the hospital by her Aunt Raylene. When the cops attempt to question her about who brutalized her, she still refuses to tell and calls out for her Momma, who is nowhere to be found. Bone continues to live with her Aunt Raylene, who tries her best to help Bone through her ordeal. She tells her that her mother truly does love her and that she’ll have to live with what she did for the rest of her life and that eventually Bone will forgive her. One night Anney comes to visit Bone and explains that she never thought Bone would get hurt and apologizes for what happened. She tells Bone she loves her, but that she also loves Glen too and couldn’t leave him. She leaves Bone with a copy of her birth certificate with the words “CERTIFIED” stamped on it. Bone cries in part of the sadness of her mother’s sacrifice and for the freedom she has finally achieved. Bone\'s final words voiced from narrator Laura Dern: "Who had Momma been? What\'d she wanted to be, or do before I was born? Once I was born, her hopes turned, and I climbed up her life like a flower reaching for the sun. Her life had folded into mine. Who would I be when I was 15, 20, 30? Would I be as strong as she had been? As hungry for love? As desperate, determined and ashamed? I wouldn\'t know, that I was already who I was gonna be. Someone like her, like my Momma. A Boatwright. A bastard. A bastard outta Carolina."'] ["Abby Morrison has lived a sheltered life. She has an imaginary boyfriend Sy since she was five; it was all because she never had her parents and real friends with her. However, she is an artist with a passion to paint and usually make paintings of Sy. When she agrees to tutor her roommate's cynical cousin Quinn, she finds herself attracted to him. He felt jealous for her boyfriend; because he didn't know about the reality. However, Abby ignores the attraction, in order to focus on Sy. Abby's parents invite Quinn for thanksgiving day where her mother mentions Abby's imaginary friend, which makes Quinn think that she made all of it up as an obstacle for their relationship. He stopped talking and meeting with her, but he gradually became miserable. Abby also realized that she should get rid of Sy and face reality. She asks Sy to leave for good and for the very first time she joins her parents in their weird work . Quinn,after seeking advice from his roommate and cousin, searches for Abby and while looking for her in a club he once took her to, he finds a portrait of himself painted by Abby and notices an image in the background of Abby at the rink. He finds her there and kisses her."] ['Chicago college student Max Hanson  is a talented artist and hockey player. Though more interested in the latter, he is under pressure from his mother, Sophie  to pursue a career in art, influenced by the fact that she put her own career aside to raise the family and has just landed a coveted position with a local art gallery. Max\'s father, Ed , is a tax attorney with a more laid-back approach to his son\'s future, just wanting him to be happy. While working at the local video store with best friends Orin  and Kate , a cute girl comes in with her friends seeking a copy of Arachnophobia, and Max is immediately smitten. After locating her on campus the next day, she introduces herself as Molly White , who already knows Max\'s name from his hockey jersey. She then gives Max her phone number and invites him to a party she\'s attending that night. Before long, Max and Molly are becoming an item, the two even managing to make love in his bedroom with his mother and younger sister Chloe in the house. However, Max soon finds out that Molly is a drug addict, as he accompanies her on a trek to score some heroin, which she promptly snorts. Max invites Molly to Chloe\'s birthday party, and though she initially refuses to attend because it\'s the same night as a Smashing Pumpkins concert, she later relents. However, a minor argument erupts between her and Sophie, resulting in Molly leaving abruptly and putting the brakes on their budding relationship. Devastated, Max does his best to move on, but has a hard time doing so. Finally, he\'s taken to a party one night by Orin and Kate, where he promptly spots Molly. She asks if they can go somewhere and talk; he accepts, she apologizes, and the two make up. The next day, Max visits Sophie at work and tries to express his feelings about Molly, but her response is less than positive. A short time later, Molly celebrates their new-found relationship by having them shoot up together in her apartment, and Max soon becomes hooked, neglecting his studies and job. Soon thereafter, Molly learns that she\'s three months behind on rent, and has a week to pay before being evicted. Not having enough money in his bank account to pay it, Max goes to the video store to get his paycheck, but having only worked two hours during the past week, that\'s all the pay he receives, and he is also given a pink slip. Sensing his friend may be in over his head, Orin offers to try to help Max, but all he wants is money to supposedly "fix the car" . After returning home, Max takes $200 from Ed\'s wallet; when he gently attempts to approach the subject with his son, even offering to help him out of his financial situation, an argument erupts that culminates in Sophie striking Max. Feeling as though he can never go back home, Max and Molly  move in with her druggie friends. Not long after, Max shows up at the ice rink attempting to steal money from Orin in the locker room, but is caught in the act . Once back at the pad, Max catches Molly having sex with a man in exchange for drugs, and physically confronts him. Later, as their financial situation worsens, the couple is reduced to panhandling at the local mall, where Sophie spots Max, but says nothing until a few days later. After hearing this news, Ed and his other son Brian attempt to find Max, but are unsuccessful. His addiction now totally out of control, Max tries to rob a local comic book store for drug money, but is caught by the police. Ed and Brian later bail Max out, and while Brian thinks he needs to be put into rehab, Ed insists he can take care of Max at home. However, the effects of withdrawal are in full swing, and it proves to be an uphill battle. Finally, after going into a rage, Max becomes unconscious and is taken to a hospital. Once there, an arguments erupts between Ed and Sophie, with Sophie insisting that she did what anyone else would have done, but Ed retorts "that\'s a bunch of crap" and reminds her that neither he nor the kids made her stop painting; she did it all by herself, and that in her self-absorbed attitude, she failed to notice that all Max wanted was "to know it was OK to not be perfect". The next day, a doctor informs the family that Max needs to get into a treatment program, but stresses the difficulty of doing so. However, while this discussion takes place, Max manages to slip out of the hospital and begins frantically searching for Molly, finally finding her in a sleazy motel room where she has died of a heroin overdose. Out of his mind with grief, Max shows up at Kate\'s apartment and begs her for money; when she refuses, he accuses her of "wanting" him and offers to prostitute himself. Enraged, Kate throws Max out of the apartment, but in his stupor, he takes a tumble down the stairwell. The following morning, after his family had searched unsuccessfully for him, Max is brought home in a taxi, Kate by his side. Informing his mother of Molly\'s death, the two tearfully embrace, and as he prepares to leave for his month-long stay in rehab, he and Sophie finally reach an understanding. Sophie admits that she never saw Max for who he was and encourages him to be whatever he wants, telling Max that she loves him as the two embrace again. The film ends with Max saying goodbye to Brian and Chloe as he departs for rehab, before he and Ed drive away.'] ['The film follows young Paul Baumer, who during World War I enlists in the Imperial German Army with many of his high school friends, after being indoctrinated by their teacher  as to the glory and superiority of German culture. After surviving training camp under the sadistic Corporal Himmelstoss , the enthusiastic young men board a troop train bound for the front lines. Ominously, at the same moment, they notice another train arriving in town loaded with wounded returning soldiers, who are carried off on stretchers. Once at the front lines, they are placed under the supervision of a pragmatic, yet good-natured older soldier, Stanislaus Katzinsky, called "Kat" . Kat teaches them how to best take cover, how to find extra food, and other survival skills. The film focuses on the suffering and tragedy caused by war, particularly the horrors endured by the young men serving in it. At the beginning, the French and German armies are shown attacking each other repeatedly over a few hundred yards of torn, corpse-strewn land. Paul\'s weak friend Franz Kemmerich is wounded, and soon dies in a crowded army hospital attended by nuns, which is shown in the film. In spite of being distraught by his friend\'s death, Paul returns to the trenches with his troop. When a French soldier falls into a crater Paul is hiding in, Paul stabs the man in the stomach with his bayonet, then after spending the night with him, tries to bandage the dying soldier\'s wounds, after which he dies. Paul escapes the crater feeling terrible for what he has done, and it reflects on the meaninglessness of the war. Another comrade, after falling into a pit of poison gas, is carried off by the medics to a slow, suffering death; the medics had appeared before Kat could give him mercy. The troop\'s panicked horses, terrified, shriek hysterically as they are surrounded by burning buildings, and artillery fire. When Paul and his battalion return to a French town for a rest week, they see the new recruits have grown younger and younger. To their delight, the leader of these new recruits is their recently demoted training officer, Himmelstoss. When Himmelstoss tries to make them obey him, they stand up to him, leaving him frustrated. Later in the trenches, while the Germans are launching an offensive attack, he sees a squad cowering in a crater, which includes Himmelstoss. Paul pushes Himmelstoss to force him to keep on the offensive. Although at one point, Paul and two of his friends do have their first experience of sex , the vast majority of all the young men\'s experiences are horrific. One by one, practically all of Paul\'s other schoolmate friends die, one way or another. A haughty, stiff Kaiser Wilhelm II visits their camp to ceremoniously pin medals on heroic soldiers, which includes Himmelstoss. Paul\'s squad is attacked in a French Town close to the front, where one of his friends dies and another is severely wounded. Paul, who is also wounded, is granted leave. When home on furlough, Paul is told by his sister that their bedridden mother , is dying of cancer. In visits to a beer garden and his former classroom, Paul realizes that his town\'s older men, in their enthusiasm for war, have no sense of the horrors they have sent their youth to. He also visits Kemmerich\'s mother and lies to her that he did not suffer. Just before the end of the film, Kat is wounded by an artillery burst and Paul carries his larger, heavier, older friend many miles to a field hospital . There he finds out that Kat is dead, having been killed by a shell fragment to the head while Paul was carrying him, a few miles before he reached the church. The film ends with Paul writing a letter to his friend , who is now an amputee. He reveals the fate of all of his classmates, some are dead, some are missing, one was caught after deserting, one is mad and he and Paul are the only ones left. When he finishes, he goes to check on the drastically underage replacements , guarding the trench, taking the position of the most experienced man on the battlefield, like Kat was before him. He spots a bird and begins to sketch it, and when the bird starts to fly away Paul stands up more, to see where it went, exposing himself above the trench parapet. A lone sniper\'s shot rings out, killing him. A telegram with the film\'s title is shown to the viewer, revealing an infamous segment from a report issued by the German High Command. It also shows how close Baumer had come to surviving the conflict.'] ['Kent Horvath  is a scientist, trying to invent a new pesticide, specifically for yellow jacket wasps. He tests it out on eight yellow jackets, to see how well it works. It kills six, out of the eight wasps, and the two who survived now have extremely high pheromone levels, resulting in increased aggression. That night, the janitor  accidentally releases them, and they both attack, and kill, him. The next morning, they find his body, along with one of the wasps, with the other one nowhere to be found. His body is taken to the morgue, where the mortician , hears a buzzing, from the janitors mouth, and opens it, freeing the, somehow, trapped wasp. It then proceeds to sting him, until he is dead. It then flys away. Meanwhile, Cristina Brown , a scientist, is teaching a class about bees. One young man,  relates to her a story about how he was once stung by a wasp, and suddenly six or seven other wasps attacked him. She tells him that was because when an insect attacks, it releases an attack pheromone, which tells all the other insects that they need to attack. The class is cut short, when she is called in about the mortician. Agent Doug Heydon,  tells her about Kent, and his research. She decides to go investigate. Meanwhile, Q  a bug exterminator, who is friends with Kent, is called by a family, who has a bad yellow jacket problem. He is out of pesticide, and goes to Kent to get some. Kent tells him not to take any of the new pesticide, in the red bottles, but a curious Q mixes it with the regular solution. As he sprays the nest, the results come back, of the analysis, of the hyper-aggressive wasp\'s venom. It has been learned that the venom is now incredibly strong, due to the new pesticide. Meanwhile, the Chief of Police , blackmails, Mayor Gibson , with evidence that he has been making covert meetings, with Phineas Washburn , a man who owns Washburn\'s Tasty Sauce, a company that makes a delicious steak sauce. It turns out Washburn made a large financial contribution to Gibson\'s reelection campaign. The Chief tells Gibson that he wants a large donation to his 401, before he retires. He leaves, with Gibson furious Meanwhile, Q puts the sprayed nest in his trash compactor, but about one quarter, of the nest, survives, including the queen. They chase Q to his truck, where he administers anti-venom, before passing out. The wasps then leave, and begin sending off attack pheromones, which, not only attract multiple other swarms, but also mutate them, to have extremely potent venom, as well. Meanwhile, Cristina and Kent, go to the home of a man who was stung to death, by the swarm, because they were attracted to the raw meat patties, on his grill. They find a dead wasp, on his clothes, and take it back to the lab, for analysis. Meanwhile, Q is awoken, by Rafe , the teenager he\'s watching for the summer. He and Rafe decide to go find and kill the swarm themselves. Back at the lab, the venom results show that the potency is identical to the strength of the wasp, that killed the janitor. They go tell Agent Heydon, and they all agree that the annual burger cook-off will attract the wasps right to all the people. Heydon goes to tell the Chief, as they go to tell Washburn that they have to cancel the cook-off. However, neither of them believe them, and are told not to mess the cook-off. Just after Heydon leaves the Chief, the swarm is attracted to his rare steak, and kill him, when he fights back. Eventually, Q and Rafe find the part of the swarm that stayed behind to finish off, the steak, with the pheromone detector, that Q took from Kent. Q uses a flamethrower to kill the swarm, but melts part of his van, in the process. Meanwhile, the single wasp that first killed the janitor, finds its way to Mayor Gibson\'s office, and kills him, by stinging his eye. His assistant, Ellie Martin,  finds his body, and chases the wasp, with a shotgun, eventually killing it. Kent and Cristina come, and ask her if she killed it. She says she "blew it to Kingdom Come." The cook-off then starts, and Heydon comes to try to convince Washburn, that they have to shut it down. But before he can, the swarm arrives, and begins attacking people. They kill a woman, Melanie Sheer , a mean reporter, while her camera man, Chuey , video tapes. Washburn hides in a dunk tank, but gets killed when two wasps, crawl down the hose that he is breathing through, and sting his mouth. Eventually, Kent and Cristina show up, and begin administering anti-venom, to the stung, and use tire patching spray, to close up the wasps\' breathing holes. Q also arrives and begins attracting the wasps to a golf cart, to trap them inside a garage. While he does so, Kent, Cristina, and Rafe begin gathering petrol tanks, and gasoline, so as to destroy the wasps, altogether. Q manages to get the wasps inside, and they ignite the gas, with Rafe\'s lighter. But the queen survives, and goes after Q, but is sucked up by Rafe, with the portable vacuum cleaner he was given, to vacuum up the dead wasps. He then throws it, into the fire. We then see Kent and Cristina, who are now in a relationship, going to dinner. The camera then zooms up to the charred vacuum, as we see the queen, who somehow survived, laying eggs.'] ['John McCain flies his jet from a carrier on a bombing mission over Hanoi, Vietnam. As a warning buzzer announces incoming missiles, McCain stays with the bomb drop, but is hit by a missile. He lands in the water and is pulled ashore by an angry mob, and taken prisoner. Asked to give information, he gives out the names of a sports team rather than of his squadron. In flashbacks, his father tells of how his submarine escaped destruction in World War II, and told him not to worry about his grades, as his father and grandfather "really fooled them" by rising to admiral despite doing poorly in school. In prison, McCain sees other prisoners cruelly tortured, while he sees a couple who appear to have decided to cooperate with the enemy. McCain is given a choice to be released early in recognition that his father is commander of US forces in the Pacific, but he refuses, and suffers for it. During a stepped-up bombing campaign, the prisoners sing "Silent Night", after which negotiations result in a release of prisoners and a trip home.'] ["A dam in a small town in midwest America  is filling up with water due to heavy rains. The disgraced architect of the dam building project comes back to town to reunite with his estranged family, however he is rejected, with his wife claiming that he came back purely to see the dam. The architect then visits the dam and reveals that the project manager cut corners in order to take money himself and framed the architect to hide his own corruption. The dam's resident engineer, Frank, the architect's son, Garth and the man himself set out to relieve the growing pressure on the dam wall, however the pressure release does not work, as corner cutting had led to this portion not being completed. Through flooding the warehouse district, Frank allows the townspeople enough time to escape, sacrificing himself in the process. Garth and his father than become trapped within the dam as the structure begins to buckle, but Garth's mother rescues them at the last minute and they make a dramatic escape from the wall of water as the dam collapses, taking refuge on top of 2 story car park. The final scene is one of reflection, on man's inherit lust for power. The film fades to black as Garth directs a question at the audience, asking them what they would have done had they'd been project manager."] ["Ex-lawman Matt Austin  accidentally kills an innocent man  while hunting an outlaw who killed his family. He pledges to the dying man that he will take his body to his sister Amaya . Austin wrestles with the idea of telling her he caused the death, but is faced with bigger battles once at the farm. There he gets involved with land baron Horn , who is trying to take Amaya's land. Their lives are more intertwined than he thought, when he takes on Horn and discovers that Horn has hired the man he was looking for all along."] ['The actors from the Benji films are on a promotional tour in Switzerland and are asked to be grand marshalls of a Christmas parade in Zermatt. Due to a broken leg Kris Kringle is sending his elves out to deliver presents, and as this will force them to miss the parade he wants them to meet Benji first. With help from the Benji actors, Kringle realises the true meaning of Christmas and performs a musical number showing how Saint Nicholas appears all over the world.'] ['Stacy Collins  is a shy 16-year-old high school student who secretly had been in love with Bobby Tennison  for two years. She is surprised when he shows a romantic interest in her, considering he is a senior wrestler and the most popular guy in school. They soon start dating and find out that both their fathers had abandoned them. Stacy is upset that her mother is dating men who treat her very badly. After a few weeks of dating, Bobby starts showing possessive behavior. He is jealous whenever another guy approaches Stacy or talks about her inappropriately, and he doesn\'t want her to hang out with her friends when they are together. At first, she doesn\'t suspect that there is anything wrong, because he immediately apologizes after getting mad at her and tells her that he loves her and gives her gifts. After having sex with Bobby for the first time, she promises to him that they will be together forever. She also agrees not to hang out with other people anymore if he is not present. At school, boys start to notice her when Nicki convinces her to wear a mid-thigh high skirt for Bobby and the boys make comments about her looking hot. This outrages him, who furiously calls Stacy a slut and demands that she wear proper clothes and forces her to change the skirt right there in the school bathroom and into some track pants. She tries to explain that she was only dressing up for him, but he gets mad at her and slams her into the wall. Back at home, her mother, Laura , worries that she is spending too much of her time with him, but she assures her that she loves him. Meanwhile, her best friends, Nicki  and Val , also grow concerned about her relationship with him. Nicki is informed that he used to beat up his former girlfriends and maintains a history of being abusive in his past relationships and she notices that Stacy has several bruises on her body. She confronts her, but Stacy becomes angry and defensive. By accident, Stacy meets Bobby\'s mother; he catches them talking to each other and becomes furious and violent. Upset, she refuses to see him again and later takes it out on her mother, calling her irresponsible. He later wins her trust back by telling her about the alcoholism that runs in his family. They are happy for a while, but trouble begins again when he sees her talking to another guy at the school dance. He pulls her outside into the parking lot and slaps her for talking to another guy, and they are caught by Nicki. She then confronts Stacy about how bad he is treating her but Stacy defends Bobby saying he\'s been through a lot and when Nicki flat out says Bobby doesn\'t love her , Stacy then says, "Then you don\'t know what love is!" Stacy refuses to see the truth, but later realizes that he isn\'t treating her right and she ends their relationship. He tries to win her back by offering for them to just be friends, but they are soon estranged when he hears that she was talking to another boy at a birthday party and therefore slaps her again despite her no longer being his girlfriend. Later that night, Bobby, accompanied by his friend Vince Fortner , convinces her to get into his car for a ride. He drives to the woods and walks off with her to be alone; and the next day, she is missing. Most people guess that she hitchhiked and was murdered, but Laura suspects that Bobby has something to do with it after she finds Stacy\'s purse in his room. Nicki is also convinced that he is responsible for Stacy\'s disappearance and asks Carla , a witness on the night that she disappeared, for information. Her reluctance to tell what happened frustrates Nicki. Accompanied by Laura, she goes to the police, informing Laura and Detective Anderson how abusive Stacy\'s relationship with Bobby was. Carla eventually talks to them as well, admitting that Bobby and Vince took Stacy to the lake. Bobby and Vince are arrested and Bobby blames Vince for Stacy\'s disappearance. When confronted by this lie, he admits that Bobby was the one last seen with her and later told him that \'if he can\'t have her, no one\'s gonna\'. Detective Anderson is then convinced Bobby killed her when Stacy ended the relationship and when he confronts him, he admits that he slit her throat when she refused to get back together with him and then threw her body in the lake. Stacy\'s body is soon found and Laura and Nicki are left in tears. A court trial follows with all the friends finally stepping up and exposing the abusive ways that Bobby treated Stacy, with Nicki saying how she deperately wanted to oust Bobby, but was afraid of losing Stacy\'s friendship if she were to say what Bobby was doing to her. Bobby is eventually found guilty and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. The judge  tells the witnesses to tell someone if a friend is being abused instead of standing by and doing nothing implying how it could have saved Stacy from getting killed. Later, a distraught Nicki clears out Stacy\'s locker and cries hysterically as she looks at the pictures of them, remembering their friendship and guiltily wishing that she\'d done something sooner so as to save Stacy from Bobby\'s wrath. The movie ends with Nicki and her boyfriend leaving a bouquet of roses on the sand at the lake in honor of Stacy\'s memory.'] ["Deena Martin is a 15-year-old teenager who has become a rebel since dating Garrett, another rebellious teen was suspended from school for hitting a teacher. Deena no longer keeps any of her promises, skips school and leaves the family home whenever she pleases. Her newfound harsh attitude upsets her mother, Cynthia, who once enjoyed a close relationship with her daughter. Cynthia is frustrated because the lines of communication have broken down between mother and daughter. Cynthia's relationship with her own mother is not entirely pleasant. Although Cynthia's mother advises her daughter to be stricter with Deena, Cynthia does not heed the advice. For example, she tidies Deena's bedroom, a chore which Cynthia has consistently and politely reminded her daughter to do. When Deena discovers what Cynthia has done, she is less than grateful and reacts violently and ends up pushing her mother. Adam, Deena's younger brother notices the impact that Deena's behaviour has upon his mother and drinks alcohol in order to forget about the family problems. At one point, Cynthia and Deena's relationship seems to improve, until Cynthia finds out that she has been skipping school. Her confrontation leads to an argument, during which Deena slaps her. Although she admits to Garrett that she liked hitting her, Deena later apologizes to her mother, only to ask her to cover for her absence at school. Cynthia agrees to lie for her, but she soon has another setback when she finds out that Deena has been kicked off the swim team at school. Todd, her father, announces that there are going to be changes in the house to put an end to Deena's rebellious behavior. Todd stipulates that his daughter is not allowed to go out anymore, she has to do all of her chores and cannot miss another day of school. Deena reluctantly agrees, but soon finds ways to do what she wants by lying and being manipulative. Her violent eruptions still continue and she even goes as far as breaking one of her father's fingers, for which he has to go to the hospital. Upset over everything going out of hand, Deena considers committing suicide, but Garrett stops her, by convincing her to run away from home to California with him. Meanwhile, Cynthia and Todd have no idea what to do about Deena. When they find out that she has been flunking school and taking drugs, they forbid her from seeing Garrett again and threaten to call the police. To their surprise, she responds by threatening to tell the police that Todd tried to rape her. When she is caught sneaking out of the home, her father reacts furiously. This leads to Deena hitting her mother with a phone and threatening to stab her father. Afraid, Adam calls the police and has Deena arrested. Although her parents attempt to withdraw the charges, she is put on probation for 6 weeks and she has to visit a therapist. She moves in with her aunt Judith and convinces her that her behavior can be explained by her mother's so-called alcoholism. Cynthia doesn't want Deena to visit a therapist, claiming that she will make a victim out of herself, blaming her for alcoholism and Todd for rape. She constantly argues with Todd over Deena and when she turns to her mother, she gets slapped. Upset, she goes to Judith, confronting Deena with her behavior and blaming Judith for never having thanked her for all she has done for her in the past. Deena runs away and tries to find comfort with Garrett, only to find him cheating on her. Later, Cynthia receives a visit from Judith, who blames her for being just like their alcoholic mother. Cynthia tries to prove that she is a good mother by pointing Adam as an example, but then finds out he is drinking alcohol. She tries to convince Todd to support her, but he makes clear that he thinks that she is drinking too much as well. In the end, the entire family agrees to enroll in therapy. Deena returns home, but is still on probation, having to do 300 hours of community service and attend anger management classes. She ends her plans of going to California with Garrett, during which she sees Garrett for who he really is when he reacts angrily and nearly slaps her. Garrett relents at the last moment and leaves Deena alone, but she now finds that she is better off without him. She is reunited with her parents and the family continues on their road to recovery together."] ['A German mother , who had already lost her eldest son in the Battle of Stalingrad and whose husband is a cook serving in the German army, and her son are seeking refuge in a cabin near the front lines in the Ardennes forests region of western Europe. They are invaded by three American soldiers and then soon after three German soldiers, and after much resistance the mother manages to convince the enemy soldiers to put aside their differences for one night and share a Christmas dinner. The Germans were planning to kill the Americans, but eventually they and the American soldiers shared their rations to make a proper Christmas dinner. This included homemade cookies and other goodies. Throughout the night the Americans and Germans befriend each other despite the fact that they will eventually have to return to the war. The next morning an American MP soldier comes and is surprised by what he sees. As he learns of what has happened he turns his rifle on the American soldiers and begins talking with the Germans. Realizing he is really a German soldier who has infiltrated the American lines, the Americans surrender and the three German soldiers get their weapons. The German then orders the three other soldiers to execute the Americans. Just before he is about to shoot the mother, one of the German soldiers knocks him out, saving her. The soldiers depart with the Americans taking the German infiltrater as a prisoner of war, as well as one of the Germans, as he is only 14 and neither side wants him to die in a future battle, and the Germans return to their side. They say good bye and wish each other good luck for the rest of the war.'] ['When David , a comedian, gets a three night gig at a trucker\'s bar, his girlfriend, Sylvia , leaves him and accepts a ride from a trucker, Jack . Problems arise when we discover that Jack may be a deranged serial killer of young women. David is starting a chase with the trucker and his girlfriend which is not aware of the danger. Jack starts a game with David, in which Sylvia\'s life is at stake. Travelling together with Sylvia in his truck named "Goliath", Jack is leaving some clues to David as he follows them, at the same time acting as a "good stranger" to Sylvia, telling her stories about his life, and as we later learn difficult childhood in which he encountered bad treatment of his father towards his mother, . Following chase, David meets Jack and Sylvia in deserted place Jack opens fire from his rifle, Sylvia momentarily learns about his real plans, and tries to escape . After several miles of further chase they\'re meeting again for a dramatic final scene, in which David is eventually able to defeat Jack, though this isn\'t possible without blood shed .'] ["As he investigates the missing person report of a teenager named Chris Gant , Des Plaines, IL detective Lt. Joe Kozenczak  becomes concerned that local businessman John Wayne Gacy  may be responsible for this and well as many other disappearances. However, when he and his team are ready to arrest Gacy, their evidence is viewed as being circumstantial. Worst of all, everyone  view Gacy as a respectable pillar of society. Meanwhile, Gacy himself begins a sadistic game of cat-and-mouse as he tries in every way to manipulate and outwit the police. After eventually achieving two search warrants, Konzenczak finds a large amount of incriminating evidence, as well as 29 bodies buried throughout John Gacy's property; the remaining 4 are found dumped in a nearby river, including Gant's remains. Afterwards, he is charged with the rape and murder of 33 boys and young men and convicted, being sentenced to death."] ["Richard is a new art teacher at a high school. Cornelia Englebrecht  is a history teacher who invites Richard to see a painting of a young girl at a table, which she believes to be a genuine Vermeer, where she tells him stories, which are portrayed as flashbacks about the people who owned the painting in the past. All of the stories take place in Holland, and the flashbacks happen mostly before the one preceding it. The first story, from the late 1800s, involved a romance and had flashbacks within flashbacks. Another story took place in the early 1700s when a baby was abandoned during a flood after a dike break. The painting accompanied the baby and was intended to be sold for the baby's expenses. In the next story, a man left a university to take a job working with the machinery used for the dikes. He got interested in a servant girl who was punished by being put in stocks. It is revealed in this story where the baby came from. The next story was very brief, and in it, a woman, who was unsuccessful in bidding for the painting at an auction, seemed to know more about the painting than the auctioneer. The next story revealed how Vermeer came to paint the girl's picture. Finally, Cornelia tells us how she came in possession of the painting, and it is perhaps the most interesting story of them all Tagline: A mystery hidden for generations. Now the truth will finally be revealed."] ['The story centers on a young boy, Nino , and his family dog, Rex, who takes on a significant role in Nino’s life after the boy loses his father to cancer. During a stroll in the park with Nino and his mother, Rex manages to save the life of the eccentric inventor and dotcom wiz, Alex  Rex is badly injured during his act of heroism and Alex, as a gesture of gratitude, takes the dog back to his bionics lab to rebuild him. Through cutting edge gadgetry, Rex is imbued with super powers and becomes the target of villains determined to possess the new technology at any cost. After the procedure, Rex is capable of feats of great strength, can see in infrared vision and run at 70 mph.'] ['Rachel , a high school girl, seems to have the life that most people envy: she has a steady boyfriend, great friends, and a place on the school\'s soccer team. Preparing for college and separating from her boyfriend are the main worries of this teen, as she lives a carefree life like most girls her age. However, Rachel\'s world falls apart the day she discovers that Jason , the guy whom she lost her virginity to at a party and died in a car accident a few months ago, was HIV positive and an heavy IV drug user. Rachel immediately goes to an AIDS clinic to get a rapid swab test, which comes back positive. Devastated by the fact that she may actually be infected with the virus, Rachel then confides in her substitute teacher, Sarah , who has secretly been living with the disease for years. But both young women are about to find out their secrets will not be kept secret for very long, as word begins to spread throughout their high school and rumors fly, making some of these students realize that they may not be as "invincible" as they think they are.'] ['Suki, her cowardly brother Linus, and their conceited cousin Fleck are all lion cubs. When rogue lions known as "The Wanderers" attack and while the lionesses help, they kill Fleck\'s mother leaving him an orphan. Suki and Linus decide to go exploring and find out how the Wanderers got across the river. Their mother Macheeba thought it impossible for the Wanderers to get across as there are Nile crocodiles in the river. Suki and Linus find a dead tree making a bridge, which is probably how the Wanderers got across. Elephants destroy the bridge leaving the cubs  trapped. When they meet a Wanderer named Dark, he saves them from a pack of spotted hyenas, and Suki develops a crush on him. She and Linus have no choice but to swim across the river, and they successfully do. As the cubs become teenagers, Suki and Linus are being taught to hunt. Suki does not want to hunt and becomes a vegetarian. Fleck thinks that Suki and Linus do not like him because he is an orphan. Often in the film, Linus tries to practice hunting but is humiliated twice . When Suki, Fleck and Linus become adult, Suki refuses to hunt/contribute to the pride as she sees it as cruelty to kill animals, therefore rendering her useless or another mouth to feed to the other lions, and, seeing as she does not see that she fits in, leaves the pride and becomes a Wanderer. After a year with the Wanderers, Suki now has Dark\'s cubs but still refuses to hunt. One night Harry, the lion that killed Fleck\'s mother, eats all but one of Suki\'s cubs, Rory. Harry claims they went missing and threatens for her last cub to "go missing" if she does not contribute. That night Suki overhears Harry talking to Dark about striking another attack on the pride saying they will kill them all. Outraged, Suki goes back to warn her pride about the impending attack. On her way back, Suki meets Lush, a lion who left the pride to see the rest of the world. Suki asks him to help her find some food and help fight the Wanderers. She hunts for the first time to provide food for the pride as they had not eaten for a while. Since the pride will not accept Fleck, he decides to join the Wanderers. Soon a fight erupts on the mountain top containing Harry and Linus where Harry dies by falling off the cliff side after Dark refuses to help him because Dark had just found out what Harry did to his cubs. Both Fleck and Dark leave after the battle, with Fleck threatening his revenge, claiming he will come back with an entire group of "highly-trained lions." Suki mates with Lush and has his cubs.'] ["Boy Willy  and his friend Lymon  travel from Mississippi to Pittsburgh, where he wishes his sister Berniece  to give him the family's heirloom piano so that he can sell it to buy land from Mr. Sutter , a descendent of the family that once owned Willy's own ancestors as slaves. The piano itself had at one time belonged to the wife of the original Sutter, the white former owner of their family... and decades earlier, Berniece and Willy Boy's grandfather had, at the slave master's instructions, carved the black family's African tribal history and American slave history into the piano's surface. When Boy Willy arrives, his Uncle Doaker  tells Willy that Berniece won't part with the piano. Berniece's boyfriend Avery  and her Uncle Wining Boy  also attempt for reasons of their own to get Bernice to sell. As selling the piano would be like turning her back on their people and their past, Bernice continues to refuse."] ['{{expand section}} Four completely different regular high school teenagers take on a dark leader named Maldark, who goes haywire by escaping from a video game and brings in havoc by bringing in various different monsters  to the real world, and where a battle becomes released. Now the four teens must fight together for experience, take out Maldark and his minions and save the real world.'] ["Doing Time on Maple Drive centers on the Carter family. Father Phil  is a successful local restaurateur, married for many years to Lisa . They have three grown children, Karen , Tim  and Matt . Karen is married to Tom , Tim works in his father's restaurant and Matt is a college student. Matt returns from college and introduces the family to his fiancée, Allison . Matt is injured after crashing his car; he returns home to recuperate. As he recovers, the family is revealed to be almost completely dysfunctional. Tim is an alcoholic. Matt's car crash was a suicide attempt brought on by the pressure of being gay and closeted from his conservative parents and lying about Allison's breaking their engagement because of it. Lisa is in deep denial about all of the problems family members are facing. Karen's husband Tom learns that Karen is pregnant and that she is so terrified of bringing a child into a family situation like hers that she's considering having an abortion without telling him. Tom angrily confronts her father Phil, declaring that while Phil may be destroying his own family he won't allow Phil to destroy his. He takes Karen away. Matt confronts his parents, including telling his mother that he knows she already knows he is gay after having walked in on him and another boy. Lisa continues to struggle with denial, but Phil begins to take tentative steps toward understanding."] ['In the prologue, opening in medias res, shows Gordon Brown  taking a telephone call from Tony Blair  to arrange a meeting at the Granita restaurant in Islington. The narrative shifts to 1983; in the wake of the Falklands War, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her Conservative government enjoy huge public popularity as the general election approaches, while Labour\'s radical election manifesto loses them key voters. Brown is elected as the new Member of Parliament for Dumfermline East. In London, he is shown to his office in the Houses of Parliament. John Smith , a senior Labour MP, introduces Brown to Blair, his new office-mate and the new MP for Sedgefield. Blair makes pleasantries with Brown and, though Brown is not initially impressed, the two become friends. Smith soon introduces the pair to Peter Mandelson , Neil Kinnock\'s director of communications. Shortly afterwards, Kinnock appoints Blair to be an assistant Treasury spokesman. Brown turns down a promotion to the Scottish Office, hoping a better position will come along. He and Blair discuss their political futures and both agree that, of the two, Brown would make a better leader of the party. Labour is unable to make significant dents in the Conservative majority at the 1987 general election. Kinnock promotes Smith to Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer, with Brown as his "number two". Three years later, Thatcher resigns as Prime Minister after losing a Conservative leadership ballot. Despite contrary predictions, the Conservatives win the 1992 general election. Blair tells Brown that a new approach is needed, and that Brown should stand for the party leadership. Brown refuses to stand against Smith, his friend and mentor. Mandelson privately suggests to Brown that Blair should stand as leader but Brown ridicules the idea. Smith is elected and, over the next two years, Labour gains support as scandals rock the government. Blair, as Shadow Home Secretary, pledges to be "tough on crime, tough on the causes of crime" in the wake of the murder of James Bulger. Smith tells Brown that he sees Blair as his natural successor as leader of the party. A year later, Smith suffers a fatal heart attack. Blair, encouraged by his wife Cherie , decides to stand in the leadership contest. He later meets with Mandelson to tell him that he has received support from key Labour frontbenchers. Previously a supporter of Brown, Mandelson switches his allegiance to Blair. Brown is furious that Blair has gone back on their unwritten agreement. Smith\'s funeral passes, and Blair\'s camp is sure that Brown will run. Charlie Whelan  and Ed Balls  advise Brown that he will receive support from significant trade unions. Blair decides to arrange a meeting with Brown. At Granita, Blair tells Brown that he will run for the leadership, and in return offers Brown unprecedented power as his Chancellor, should they win the next election. Brown asks what Blair\'s plan is for Labour\'s second term, and Blair tells him that he will step down and offer his support to Brown as Prime Minister. Brown agrees and Mandelson prepares a statement from him, but discards Brown\'s alterations. The leadership contest is won by Blair.'] ["Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa  finds himself without adequate funding to finance his war against the military-run government. He also finds himself at odds with the Americans because of the Hearst media empire's press campaign against him. To counter both of these threats, he sends emissaries to movie producers to convince them to pay to film his progress and the actual battles. Producer D.W. Griffith  is immediately interested and convinces Mutual Film Studios boss Harry E. Aitkin to send a film crew. Aitkin's nephew Frank Thayer is initially a mere errand boy for the studio, but he makes a good impression with Villa, who demands that Thayer be placed in charge of the project. Thayer and a camera crew team film Villa leading his men to victory in battle. Despite the failure of this initial footage  Thayer convinces Aitkin to invest even more money in a second attempt, and also convinces Villa to participate in making a more narrative film. Thayer returns to Mexico with a director, actors, producers, cameramen and screen writers, and begin to film Villa's previous exploits using a younger actor. The filming goes well, although Villa becomes angry that the screenwriters and the director have changed history to make a more dramatic film. However, he agrees to do a cameo appearance as an older version of himself. Meanwhile, Frank begins a romance with actress Teddy Sampson  whom he's had a crush on since they first met. One night Villa announces that they will attack a Federal held fort at Torreon and win the revolution. The film's director and his crew tell Villa that they are not coming with him to film the battle. Villa scares them into going to the battle by having a firing squad shoot over their heads. The next morning, Villa assembles his men to attack Torreon. Thayer and his team go into film the action. After a skirmish on the way to the fort, Villa's army arrives at Torreon and lays siege to the fortress. Villa orders an attack and personally leads the charge. Villa's army is initially successful, but they suffer heavy casualties and are forced to withdraw. That night, Villa orders his army to bombard Torreon into submission, and, after a long, brutal bombardment, Villa's cavalry finish off the last of Torreon's Federal defenders. However, Thayer and his camera crew team witness Villa personally shooting a Mexican widow in cold blood with his handgun during the aftermath of the battle. Disgusted, the team leaves. 'The Life of General Villa' is shown in theaters in America, and to great success, although Thayer and his camera crew members regret making the film. Nine years later General Villa is driving his car with an associate and two of his bodyguards through Parral, Chihuahua. His car is flagged down by a Mexican civilian, when several Federals suddenly pop up with machine guns. Villa reaches for his pistol, but is shot several times and is killed."] ['{{Expand section}} Home Beyond the Sun is the story of persecution, faith, and freedom escaping a world of fear. A bible college student, Jenna goes to teach in an area of China where her faith is forbidden. She discovers an orphanage and befriends a Chinese orphan, Chu Lee. Jenna helps with the adoption to a family in the United States. However, the Chinese Police are strictly preventing this when they find out that they are Christians.'] ['An outlaw band led by Blackjack Britton  and second man Cavin Guthrie  robs a bank. A woman is shot and dies in the arms of Sonny, a young member of the gang who is the lookout and appears to still have a conscience. The gang flees and is pursued by a posse. After passing through a dust storm they see and enter a tunnel, emerging at the other end into verdant pastures around the town of Refuge. In this town no one carries a gun, drinks, or swears . Also, whenever the town\'s church bell sounds, all of the residents immediately flock to the church without question. Sonny seems to think he has seen some of the residents before, but is unable to remember where. He becomes very puzzled when a stagecoach arrives at night with a woman who is identical to the one who died in his arms when they robbed the bank. Meanwhile the rest of the outlaw gang begin to cause mayhem and threaten the destruction of the town but the men of Refuge seem unwilling to resist them. At one point a young woman, who has become the object of Sonny\'s love, is threatened by the gang and he is seen by the men of Refuge as willing to lay down his life to save her. Sonny finds out that the town of Refuge is actually a kind of purgatory and the faces that he thought he recognized were in fact well known people such as Doc Holliday, Wild Bill Hickok, Jesse James and Billy the Kid, all of whom had previously died but who must now spend ten years in Refuge before being admitted into Heaven. During this time they must avoid all violence and resist the temptations they succumbed to in life. The penalty is to enter Hell if they fail. In fact, the movie shows a farmer being sent to Hell for murdering one of Blackjack\'s henchmen when he caused wanton destruction in his garden. In particular, Wild Bill Hickok - the current sheriff - has only 24 hours to go until his ten year sentence is up, explaining as to why there was no resistance to the gang. Inspired by the example Sonny has set, the townspeople nonetheless decide to take up arms to save the town rather than see evil triumph, even though this apparently means they abandon all hope of heaven. The evil outlaws who had viewed the men of the town as cowards are now amazed to confront these famous names. Though outnumbered, the men of Refuge triumph after a classic shoot-out during which Sonny is mortally wounded and in turn becomes a resident of Refuge; Blackjack and his men are all thrown into Hell. The men of Refuge are now convinced they will also be condemned to Hell. As they are led away by the gatekeeper, a stagecoach arrives from Heaven. The Driver  explains to them that "the Creator may be tough, but He ain\'t blind"; what they had done in standing up to evil is respectable, and rather than being condemned to Hell they will be taken to Heaven. Sonny asks to remain in Refuge, in order to be with the woman he loves. Wild Bill gives Sonny the sheriff\'s star and bids him farewell. The final scene is the stagecoach being bathed in light as it approaches Heaven.'] ["A teenage girl, whose brother was the second victim of two shootings on her campus, starts painting the wall in an attempt to end such school violence. The wall also becomes a point of healing and unity for the students as other students, friends of both the shooters and the victims, start helping Taylor paint the wall. A girl's despair...a teacher's challenge. Taylor wonders why her brother had to die. Her world no longer makes sense. Rebelling against the system, she is nearly suspended from school. A charismatic substitute teacher is her only hope. The teacher and his students share powerful journal entries and Taylor decides she can make a difference by finding a creative outlet for her pain.Taylor's brother, before his death, and eventually Taylor herself work to provide a solution to the root causes of random violence and other crimes committed by teens."] ['Set in 1950s Alabama, the film features an all African American cast . Keshia Knight Pulliam stars as Polly, an orphan who moves in with her Aunt Polly and attempts to unite the small Southern town during the segregation era. Polly proved to be a ratings hit and a sequel, Polly: Comin Home, followed in 1990. Both films are available on DVD exclusively from the Disney Movie Club and Disney Movie Rewards.'] ['The movie\'s main character is storm chaser Jake Thorne , whose friend and former graduate school advisor. Dr. Joe Branson , has developed a machine that may be able to provide earlier tornado warnings. Samantha Callen  is a government auditor who must determine whether Dr. Branson\'s project warrants more funding. Jake must try to convince Samantha that the machine is worthwhile. During the process, Jake and Samantha become romantically attracted to each other, but powerful tornadoes threaten the lives of all the major characters. "Whoa! It\'s like a tornado out here!" is a famous quote by the well-known actor, Scott Hodges.'] ['In 1945, Jewel Hilburn , 39, and her husband Leston , 41, are scratching out a living in rural Mississippi, and caring for their four children: Raylene , 14; Burton , 11; Wilman , 10; and Annie , 3. All Jewel\'s kids have been mid-wived by her friend and housekeeper, Cathedral . Leston has been making a living pulling out pine stumps, selling them to be made into turpentine as part of the war effort. Cathedral\'s husband, Nelson , and their two sons, Sepulchur and Temple, all work for Leston. The Hilburns discover that they are going to have another child, and decide it will be their last. Cathedral has a premonition and warns Jewel, prophesizing that the child she will bear will be her hardship and her test in this world but that it is God\'s way of smiling down on Jewel. Jewel gives birth to a baby girl, whom they name Brenda Kay. The child appears to be fine, but in time it becomes obvious that Brenda Kay isn\'t like other children. She seems to be developing much more slowly. Even at six months old, she lies very still, where other children her age are able to roll over. Worried, they consult their local physician, Dr. Beaudry, who has his suspicions, but calls in Dr. Basket, his old teacher and the best baby doctor in the South, to make an educated diagnosis. His words to Jewel and Leston are crushing: Brenda Kay is physically and mentally disabled. She has Down syndrome, or, as he describes it as people did in that time, is \'a Mongolian Idiot\'. He recommends having her put in an institution with other children with the same condition since Brenda Kay will be a huge burden on them, especially since they already have four other children to care for. At any rate, he bluntly informs them, their daughter is unlikely to survive past her second birthday. An outraged Jewel flat out refuses, and she declares she will care for her own daughter at home and raise her there as part of the family. Dr. Beaudry tells Jewel that Brenda Kay will have a better chance at survival if she receives injections every six weeks to strengthen her bones. The injections are expensive, but Jewel determines that somehow she and her husband will manage to pay for them. For years, even when times get tough after Leston\'s job dries up and he has no work. The kids sell the vegetables the family grows on their land, Raylene quits school and gets a job, and Jewel takes in sewing work. And all that time, with enormous grit and determination, Jewel concentrates her attention on Brenda Kay, who does not die, but does not lift her head until she is one, or crawl till she is four. Every step of the way Jewel is there to bathe Brenda Kay, to feed her, change her, rock her when she cries…and encourage her. At age seven, Brenda Kay walks downstairs by herself for the first time. The constant needs of Brenda Kay often means Jewel sacrifices time and energy from her other, older children in the demands of looking after her challenged daughter. Jewel reads of The Exceptional Children\'s Foundation, a "miracle school" in Los Angeles, California that is reputed to help raise the I.Q. of children like Brenda Kay. She tries to convince Leston that all of them will have better opportunities to find good jobs there and that Brenda Kay could attend this remarkable school. While Leston considers, Burton announces he himself is going to California immediately to look for work. Brenda Kay, meanwhile, has a couple of near brushes with death. While being looked after by Cathedral, she accidentally burns her arms before Cathedral puts out the flames. She also walks into the swamp and is rescued from drowning by her older brother, Wilman. Jewel has secretly applied to The Exceptional Children\'s Foundation and has received notice that Brenda Kay will be accepted. To raise money to go to California, Jewel secretly begins to sell items from her home. Leston notices that their heirlooms are disappearing and confronts his wife. After a serious discussion, he agrees to sell their home and move to California for Brenda Kay\'s sake, but on the condition that someday they will move back to Mississippi. The entire Hilburn family moves to Los Angeles, except for Raylene, who announces her sudden marriage and stays in Mississippi. The family drives across the country and rendezvous with Burton, now working at a garage. Leston lands a job, and Brenda Kay is enrolled in the school, run by its director, Nathan White. For the first time, Brenda Kay is exposed to other children like herself. Also for the first time, Jewel is not solely responsible for her daughter. Now it is 1961, and Brenda Kay is sixteen. Jewel is still optimistic, but the school has not raised Brenda Kay\'s I.Q. Leston has a better job, and even Jewel works at Brenda Kay\'s school as an assistant teacher. White tries to convince Jewel that the time is at hand when Jewel must let go of Brenda Kay and that her ministrations are holding her daughter back. Keeping her promise to Leston, she agrees to return to Mississippi to look for a house where they can live. There, they are reunited with Cathedral and Nelson, but Leston realizes that his home is now in Los Angeles, and that his past in Mississippi is, indeed, past. Leston asks Jewel, "what will become of Brenda Kay?". They return to California and resume their new lives. Over time, but reluctantly, Jewel comes to agree with White\'s idea, and to accept the fact that her daughter, who once needed all her mother\'s love and strength to survive, must be allowed to begin to live her own life. White recommends a group home with other Down syndrome adults, run by Nancy and Larry Tindle. There, he says, Brenda Kay will learn to live separate and independent from Jewel\'s over-protective care. Jewel and Leston leave Brenda Kay at her new home and with the new friends she has made there. Jewel still visits her daughter often, but has realized the wisdom of letting her grow by herself. Letting go of the child who has been both a blessing and a burden is perhaps the hardest of the many tasks Jewel has faced, but like everything else, she confronts and accepts it with courage and love.'] ['The New York Times wrote this summary overview: "Dana Delany stars in this made-for-TV movie as Margaret Sanger, a nurse who, in 1914, became a pioneering crusader for women\'s reproductive rights after she published a booklet on birth control techniques that flew in the face of a law established by Anthony Comstock  forbidding the dissemination of information on contraception. Sanger later helped to establish America\'s first birth control clinic in 1916, and in 1925 was one of the founders of Planned Parenthood."{{cite news}}'] ['The film tells the story of the seven-year hunt by forensic specialist Viktor Burakov for the person who mutilated and murdered over 50 children and young women. Burakov is aided, covertly at first, by his commanding officer, Col. Mikhail Fetisov and later by Dr. Alexandr Bukhanovsky, a psychiatrist. As well as being in the form of a crime thriller, the movie depicts Soviet propaganda and bureaucracy contributing to the failure to capture the killer; his crimes were not widely reported for fear of revealing that such things ever occurred in the USSR.'] ['{{Babylon5TVMovies}} In the earth year 2257, a multitude of humans and non-humans gather deep in neutral space at a new station, Babylon 5, which has recently become operational. Babylon 5 was built as a neutral venue for discussing and resolving issues between the five major spacefaring races of the galaxy, the humans, Narn, Centauri, Minbari and Vorlons. Commander Jeffrey Sinclair is in overall charge of the station. As the crew awaits the arrival of the fourth and final alien ambassador, Ambassador Kosh Naranek from the Vorlon Empire, a transport ship arrives from Earth, bearing Lyta Alexander, a human telepath who joins the station crew, and Del Varner, a civilian. Ambassador Kosh arrives two days ahead of schedule, and is on board the station less than a minute when he suddenly falls ill, apparently from poisoning. Babylon 5\'s chief medical officer, Dr. Kyle, conducts a medical investigation and seeks to prevent Kosh\'s death, while Security Chief Michael Garibaldi conducts a security investigation. Worried that, if Kosh dies, the Vorlons will attack and destroy the station, Dr. Kyle and Lt. Cmdr. Takashima persuade Lyta to perform an unauthorized mind scan on the unconscious Kosh. As she conducts the scan, Lyta sees Commander Sinclair poisoning the Ambassador. Lyta accuses Sinclair of attempted murder. A meeting of Babylon 5\'s Council, made up of delegates from all five races, resolves to extradite the Commander to the Vorlon homeworld for trial. Sinclair is told that he will be deported in twelve hours. Garibaldi comes to suspect Del Varner might have been involved in Kosh\'s poisoning. When he enters Varner\'s quarters, however, he discovers Varner dead in a fish tank. Lyta enters the medical lab, where she begins adjusting some of the settings that are keeping Kosh alive; when Dr. Kyle realizes what she\'s doing, he tries to stop her, and she attacks him. At that moment, the real Lyta Alexander enters the room; her double escapes. Upon further investigation in Varner\'s quarters, Garibaldi learns that Varner had been smuggling illegal items between systems, and that he most recently had gone to the Antares sector to acquire a changeling net; a device that can make an individual appear to look like somebody else. The crew realizes that Kosh had not been poisoned by Sinclair when he arrived at the station, but rather that he had been poisoned by someone who was using the changeling net to imitate Sinclair. Since the use of such a device would put out a lot of energy, Takashima uses her scanners to pinpoint an area of the station with a high concentration of unidentified energy use. Sinclair and Garibaldi head for that part of the station, just as a Vorlon squadron arrives in the vicinity of the station to pick up Sinclair for his voyage to the Vorlon homeworld. Sinclair and Garibaldi confront the mysterious assailant. Garibaldi is injured in the firefight and Sinclair faces the assassin himself. The changeling net is disabled, revealing the assailant to be a Minbari assassin. The assassin is a member of the Minbari warrior caste, and wanted to discredit Sinclair as retribution for Sinclair\'s role in the Earth-Minbari war ten years earlier. Sinclair asks the assassin why he did it; the assassin replies, "There is a hole in your mind." Sinclair, being informed that the assassin has triggered an explosive charge, manages to get away just before an explosion rips a hole in the station\'s hull, throwing the station off its axis, and beginning to tear the station apart from the inside. Takashima uses the station stabilizers to reestablish the station\'s axis. The Vorlon delegation, now satisfied that Sinclair is innocent, drops all charges against him. In the station\'s garden, Sinclair reveals to Delenn what the Minbari assassin had said about the "hole" in Sinclair\'s mind. Delenn claims that it is just an old Minbari insult. Sinclair, however, tells her that he had fought in the climactic battle of the Earth-Minbari war, and that there is a twenty-four hour period in the climactic battle, just before the Minbari surrendered, that he can\'t account for. Takashima declares Babylon 5 open for business.'] ["On a two-lane highway, two serial killers clash in a turf war: one is named Wheeler  who kills hitchhikers he picks up in his truck, and the other is named Walker  who is a hitchhiker who murders whoever gives him a ride. Stacia , a recently divorced woman, falls in between the battle of wits. After a transport bus breaks down, Wheeler and Walker kill the driver and passengers &mdash; save for Stacia, who left previously. Fascinated, Wheeler and Walker examine each others' victims. Wheeler murders a woman  and hangs her body in the truck, and pistol whips and decapitates a man with the sliding door of the luggage compartment. Walker garrotes the bus driver with a dead snake, shoots a passenger, leaves another passenger to die tied by her wrists to a tree and wrapped in barbed wire , slaughters a punk, and partially skins his girlfriend before killing her. Later, at a roadside motel, the two psychopaths play head games with each other and Stacia, clashing over who will get to kill her. As she is leaving the motel, Wheeler offers her a ride then assaults her while driving, handcuffing her to the car. He finds Walker on the highway, standing in the lane, and brakes to a stop just before hitting him. Walker accepts a ride, and the two bicker and draw their pistols, ready to kill Stacia and each other. Stacia, sitting in the middle, slams on the brakes and sends the two murderers through the windshield onto the road and causes the truck's cab to fall on its side. Stacia unsuccessfully struggles to get Wheeler's gun, while the wounded Wheeler and Walker fight to determine who will kill her as an ambulance siren sounds. In the end, Wheeler and Walker are side by side in the ambulance, still fighting and cursing at one another. Finally, they cease and declares a truce, as Walker attempts to strike a deal with Wheeler as he points out how much fun the two off them could have with an ambulance, revealing that he still has his craft knife he used to torture the stoner's girlfriend. However, one of the EMTs rams syringes into their chests, apparently killing them both, as the new killer tells the driver that after they had eliminated their competition they plan to save Stacia  for later."] ["After an explosion at an army base that kills several soldiers, President Jonathan Hayes  attends a memorial service and is shot while speaking. It is revealed that a militia rebel group has resurfaced with a vengeance to assassinate President Jonathan Hayes for the death of their brothers. Agent Alex McGregor , now the head of the Secret Service, tries to prevent the attack on the President's life, but when the President is shot and agent McGregor's husband Grant Coleman , is kidnapped, the stakes are raised, and Alex realizes she has become a target as well."] ["Sybil is a shy, unassuming substitute grade school teacher. After suffering a small breakdown in front of her students, she is given a neurological examination by Dr. Cornelia Wilbur, a psychologist. Sybil admits to having blackouts and fears they are getting worse. Dr. Wilbur theorizes that the incidents are a kind of hysteria, all related to a deeper problem. She asks Sybil to return at a later date for more counseling. Later that evening, Dr. Wilbur receives a late night call from someone who identifies herself as Vickie and says Sybil is about to jump out a hotel window. Dr. Wilbur rescues Sybil, who denies knowing Vickie. Suddenly Sybil becomes hysterical and begins speaking like a little girl. This little girl introduces herself as Peggy, and Wilbur recognizes that Sybil is a multiple. Vickie introduces herself to Wilbur at the next session. Vickie, who knows everything about the other personalities, tells Wilbur about some of them, including Marcia, who is suicidal and wants to kill Sybil, and Vanessa, who plays the piano although Sybil never learned. Over the weeks, each of the personalities introduce themselves to Wilbur. At the same time, the personality Vanessa falls in love with a charming neighbor named Richard. Wilbur finally explains to Sybil about the other personalities. As proof, Wilbur plays the session's tape to allow Sybil to hear their voices, but when a voice that sounds like Sybil's mother Hattie speaks, Ruthie, an infant personality, emerges. Wilbur is unable to communicate with the pre-verbal child and must wait until Sybil returns. Life becomes more chaotic for Sybil as the other personalities grow stronger. The personalities make Dr. Wilbur a Christmas card, but Sybil made everything purple, a color that frightens Peggy. Dr. Wilbur hypnotizes Vickie and asks about the purple. Vickie relates a memory of a time Sybil's mother locked young Sybil in the wheat bin in the barn. Thinking she was smothering, Sybil used her purple crayon to scratch on the inside of the bin so someone would know she had been there. Vanessa invites Richard and his son Matthew have Christmas dinner, after which Richard spends the night in Sybil's apartment. Sybil has a nightmare and awakens as Marcia, who tries to throw herself off the roof. Richard rescues her and calls Wilbur. Soon afterwards, Richard moves away, crushing both Sybil and Vanessa. Wilbur goes in search of Sybil's father, who mentions that Sybil's mother Hattie was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia, but denies that she ever abused Sybil. Wilbur also seeks out Sybil's pediatrician. The doctor gives Wilbur a frightening account of extensive scarring he found while treating Sybil for a bladder problem. Finally, Wilbur visits the old Dorsett house, where she discovers the green kitchen Sybil's selves have described many times. She also finds the purple crayon scratches inside the wheat bin. She takes them back to New York to prove all the memories really happened. Dr. Wilbur drives Sybil back to Willow Corners, which triggers Peggy to spill out the horrific abuse she suffered at her mother's hands. After Peggy exhausts herself, Sybil emerges, remembering everything that Peggy has just said. Finally she is able to express her rage against her mother. Dr. Wilbur hypnotizes Sybil to introduce her to the other personalities. Sybil, who has always been frightened of Peggy, meets her at last and is surprised that she is only a little girl. Sybil embraces a weeping Peggy. A voiceover from Dr. Wilbur explains that after this incident, Sybil recovered her memories and went on to live a full and happy life."] ["The drama is about George Washington crossing the Delaware River and the Battle of Trenton during the American Revolutionary War. The film opens with the retreat of the Continental Army across New Jersey after repeated losses and defeats during the campaign of 1776. After the army narrowly escapes across the river to the Pennsylvania shore, Washington, realizing that something must be done or the Revolution will collapse, conceives a plan to cross the river and conduct a surprise attack on the Hessian garrison at Trenton. Despite their own fatigue and the winter weather, Washington manages to lift his weary soldiers' spirits, allowing the army to cross the river on Christmas night. The crossing is done in one night, allowing the troops to attack Trenton at eight o' clock on December 26, 1776, and gains a stunning victory, capturing almost all the Hessians to their own advantage."] ['Homicide inspector Lindsay Boxer , teams up with three other professional women, to investigate a serial killer who target newlyweds on their wedding night. While trying to solve the biggest case of her career, she finds herself falling for her partner  and battling a life-threatening illness.'] ['{{Plot}} The story starts off with Kent  pleading for his young son not to eat an ice cream cone. As the child questions him, Kent shakingly answers that its bad for him, but to no avail&nbsp;– the ice cream is eaten and Kent shockingly dissolves into a puddle of melted ice cream himself. Cut to Kent\'s funeral and a speech is being made with some of his childhood friends present. One, named Layne Banixter , has recently moved back with his family&nbsp;– wife and two kids. He observes a shaggy individual hiding in the trees with a smirk, then leaving. While Layne is at a pub owned by his old friend Papa Joe , another friend, Toot , is drinking himself into a stupor, rambling about the suspicious circumstances in which Kent died. Apparently, another death occurred before this one with no body found, just the clothes. Toot argues that Kent was in a closed casket because there was nothing of him but his clothes either. He ends up passing out, after telling Papa Joe quietly that all this trouble started since Layne came back to town. Layne has a short conversation with Papa Joe, asking him if Toot will be taken care of. Assured, he heads home. On the way there, he observes several children in a coma-like state outside  clutching coins and an eerie chant of "We all scream for ice cream..." wafting quietly through the night. Concerned, Layne drives off before noticing his windows frosting up and suddenly notices his own young son standing in the way of the oncoming vehicle. Panicking, he brakes and questions the child. He too is holding a coin and answers that he doesn\'t want to miss the ice cream man. He carries the boy into the house and confronts his wife about what just happened. Noticeably concerned, Layne begins to tell her of his childhood, the gang and the local ice-cream man named Buster ([[William Forsythe . He was a decent soul who drove an ice-cream truck and wore a clown suit. He was a friend to the kids as he was generous and often performed tricks for them. Layne and his group are standing by, watching his usual antics with the children when another kid joins them. The neighborhood bully, Virgil Constance , is disliked by the others but manages to drag them along for his stunts. He approaches Buster and begins taunting him, finally pulling off his clown nose revealing a burnt stub&nbsp;– Buster has no real nose. The poor man falls to his knees, hiding it and in obvious distress. Layne ends the story there, stating that one day Buster simply died. He gets a phone call from Papa Joe and arrives at the scene of the Toot\'s death&nbsp;– his clothes in a pile of something soft and gooey. The man who was driving him home states that he saw a wild-eyed man with long hair as soon as he found the remains. Both Layne and Joe know that it was Virgil. When his wife wakes up the next morning, Layne asks her to take the kids to her mother . She refuses and demands to know what part of the story he omitted. Distressed, Layne tells her that Virgil planned a prank on Buster whereby once he was distracted, one of them would start his truck and make it roll down the hill. While Buster is asked to get change for a five and then made to drop the coins, Virgil forces Layne to start the truck which begins rolling straight towards the ice-cream man. Too busy picking up coins to notice, Buster is run over by the truck and dies immediately from the injuries. The kids are frightened and scatter. That night, Layne goes to see the adult Virgil &nbsp;– the shaggy man he spotted at the funeral and the last person to see the drunk man alive. He finds him in a run down place that looks like a used car lot&nbsp;– one of them being the Cheery Time ice-cream truck that Buster drove. Virgil is in a tub, spitting one insult after another at Layne who only wants to know what happened. Virgil tells him about the drunk man melting because of his kid eating an ice cream shaped like a man. He then laughs at Layne because he does not have any kids though he has had a few women. Meanwhile, a ghostly ice-cream truck stops in front of a little girl and a horrible scabbed hand of Buster the ice-cream man hands the girl a treat. Upon the girl biting into it, Layne witnesses Virgil simply melt away into the tub, shaking and screaming as layers of skin and flesh roll off him like ice-cream, exposing his bones. After sending his family to his mother-in-law, Layne tests out the outside sprinklers as well as places some ordinary strawberry ice-cream into one of Buster\'s ice-cream wrappers he found earlier. Papa Joe\'s son succumbs to the treat, killing his father as he melts in his car. Layne\'s wife\'s car stops as her doors and windows are frosted over, the children hear the alluring tune of "We all scream for ice-cream..." and run out of the car. Layne hears the same tune and, carrying a small cooler, walks outside for a showdown. Buster\'s vengeful spirit offers an ice-cream to Layne\'s kids as they show up, entranced. As they fight over it, Layne and Buster struggle together until Layne turns on the garden sprinklers, freezing the clown. This does not stop Buster but Layne\'s son sees an ice-cream which fell out of his father\'s cooler and takes out of the wrapper an ice-cream made by Layne which is shaped exactly like Buster. One bite and the clown dies just like his previous victims. In the next scene we see the family outside the car, all ready to move to a new place. As everyone gets in, Layne hears the old creepy tune again and the film ends with a flash of Buster the ice-cream man\'s rotten face.'] ['Pope John Paul II, first part , begins with May 13, 1981\'s assassination attempt, then flashbacks to the young Karol "Lolek" Wojtyla whose faith and values are initially fostered by his loving, devout parents, who, along with Karol\'s elder brother, die of natural causes by the time Karol is 20 years old. Despite being on his own at a young age and enduring the effects of the Nazi occupation in Poland, the philosophical Karol remains optimistic that he can and must make a difference. Along with his university friends, Karol initially embraces the world of theatre, acting in clandestine plays as a means of retaining his Polish culture in spite of the risks involved. In the midst of the chaos surrounding him as ongoing atrocities are suffered by Polish Jews, academics, religious leaders and others, Karol accepts a calling to become a priest.  Karol\'s training takes place in an underground seminary run by the Archbishop Sapieha, a defiant force for the people of Kraków under the Nazi occupation, who becomes Karol\'s mentor and involves the young man in the resistance movement. In 1945, the Nazis are driven out of Poland and Communism soon takes over. After being ordained a priest in 1946 by Sapieha, now a Cardinal, Karol completes his graduate studies in Rome and returns to Poland, where in 1949 he is assigned to become a student chaplain at St. Florian\'s parish in Kraków. The athletic 28-year-old Fr. Karol Wojtyla immediately bonds with the university students who savor his relaxed approach and join him to kayak to his inspiring Masses in the wilderness away from the watchful eyes of the Communist authorities. He was then appointed Professor of Social Ethics at Catholic University of Lublin, Poland and then when Karol is only 38, the Holy See appoints him Auxiliary Bishop of Kraków. Continuing to cultivate faith with the people, despite the restrictions imposed by the Communist leaders, Karol chooses to hold Mass in an open space in the Communists\' new church-free city of Nowa Huta . Although he repeatedly enrages the Communist authorities, he impresses influential foreign cardinals with his views, his charisma and his knowledge of multiple languages. At 47, Karol is made a cardinal by Pope Paul VI, who dies in August 1978. Part 2  starts on October 16, 1978, following the very brief  reign of Pope John Paul I and after 455 years of Italian popes, Karol Wojtyla is elected Pope and takes the name John Paul II at the age of 58. Later that year, he received Andrei Gromyko and questioned him about the USSR\'s lack of religious freedom. In January, 1979, John Paul II visited Mexico for the CELAM that was held in Puebla as one of his first papal visits outside Italy, confronting Mexico\'s anti-clerical constitution. In June, 1979 he made his first papal visit to his native Poland and in October, his first U.S. visit. In 1980, he pledged his support for the Solidarity trade union formed in Poland in August and in January, 1981, received Lech Walesa during his first visit to the Vatican.  During his extremely active papal years, most of them occuring after recovering from May, 1981\'s assassination attempt (e.g. November, 1981\'s appointing of then-[[Cardinal , John Paul II participates in international negotiations and urges the Soviet rulers to remove all the obstacles to freedom of religion in countries under their control. In June, 1982, he received U.S. President Ronald Reagan and First Lady Nancy Reagan at the Vatican, returned to Poland in 1983 to visit newly-released Lech Walesa and traveled across the world to promote faith, values, peace, forgiveness , and, especially in countries lacking it, freedom of religion, as well as forgiveness and brotherhood with the Jewish people and reached out to the world\'s Catholic youth with World Youth Days, , as well as 1995\'s encyclical Letter to Women. Despite health obstacles in his later years, John Paul II refused to curtail his busy schedule. He continued to challenge and inspire millions of people throughout his lengthy illness and his later years , despite later tragedies like 2001\'s September 11 attacks and 2002\'s Catholic sex abuse scandal that included allegations of cover-ups and denials by the Church\'s hierarchy. The film ended in 2005 with his last Easter on March 27 and last public appearence on March 30, three days before his death on April 2.'] ['The story begins in February 1988, in a flight simulator with two pilots facing the challenge of landing a crippled jet that experiences a cabin decompression, an engine fire and a loss of hydraulics. The three emergency situations foreshadow the events of Paradise Airlines 243, taking place two months later. The story follows three crew members. *Madeleine "Mimi" Tompkins, a First Officer pilot for Paradise Airlines, who has been selected for training to become a full Captain in the airline, having been the first female pilot to be hired by Paradise in 1979. *Captain Robert "Bob" Schornstheimer, introduced relaxing on his private boat with his wife. *Flight attendant Michelle Honda, shown with her young daughter of whom she paints a portrait wearing traditional Hawaiian costume. Paradise Airlines Flight 243 is an inter-island flight from Honolulu to Hilo, with a return to Honolulu the same day. The characters are developed during several scenes set during the layover, and passengers are introduced to the audience during check-in scenes. The flight then takes off over Hilo, and soon beverage service begins. During that time nothing out of the ordinary occurs, but soon after David - a young boy travelling with his mother - calls the lead flight attendant, C.B. and asks her about the crack appearing in the ceiling. At that moment, chaos breaks loose and the entire front and top half section of the plane apart from the cockpit and cargo hold, blows off in a clean cut. In the mess, Michelle falls to the floor and clings to a passenger\'s seat, C.B. is blown from the aircraft, and passengers are badly injured from debris and decompression. The third flight attendant Jane sustains serious head injuries, is thrown to the ground and clings to life and to other passengers to avoid the same fate as C.B. The cockpit is unaware of the full scale of the disaster and believe a bomb or decompression has occurred. Soon passengers seated in the section that wasn\'t swept away have oxygen masks fall but it is useless as all the lines were destroyed. But the plane was at a low altitude thus it hadn\'t affected them as badly. Mimi and Bob contact Kahului Airport for an emergency deceleration. Soon, the pilots are faced with the fact they may crash and passengers may die, and both Mimi and Bob have flashbacks to her training days and his Air Force, respectively. Michelle has a flashback to walking the shoreline with her father who as a soldier in the Army, has died. Jane\'s injuries worsen and Michelle struggles to climb to her and help her. Later, she also feels she might lose it from the chaos and picks up the call phone only to find it dead. Dorothy leans out of the plane and appears to have a state of shock before George notices and pulls her back in the plane. Michelle then begins to instruct the passengers on a possible crash landing or water landing and passes out life jackets. Gail becomes hysterical when she cannot get a life jacket for David, but soon is calmed by Michelle. Roy panics when he sees hydraulic fluid leaking from the wings. The tower alerts Kahului Fire and Rescue personnel and they arrive before the crippled jet lands. Finally after several tense minutes, Mimi and Bob are able to figure out a plan for the emergency. After some time, the plane lands but with difficulties in the brakes to the vessel and hydraulics. The pilots were worried that the landing might result in a broken plane and fire, but miraculously their landing resulted in no deaths and the emergency notification allowed crews to treat and evacuate passengers immediately.'] ['In December of 2001, Novelist Michael Peterson called to report that his wife Kathleen had fallen down a set of stairs and died. The authorities disbelieved Peterson\'s story that Kathleen had fallen while drunk and concluded instead that Peterson had bludgeoned her to death, most likely with a fireplace poker which was discovered missing from the house. Peterson was soon charged with murder and the film details the ensuing case from the point of view of Peterson and his defense team. During the trial it is discovered that while Peterson was living in Germany a family friend of his died from an intra-cerebral haemorrhage followed by the body falling down stairs after collapsing which resulted in similar head injuries. An investigation by German police and US military authorities concluded that the death was accidental and Peterson ended up adopting the woman\'s two daughters. The prosecution introduced this death into the trial as an incident giving Peterson the idea of how to "fake" Kathleen\'s accident.'] ["The film is told through the perspectives of Scott and Laci Peterson's friends, who trusted and supported Scott until they could not believe him anymore. Laci Peterson was a pregnant mother-to-be. On Christmas Eve, she disappeared. Her husband Scott Peterson , and her family go out to search for Laci, but there are no signs of her anywhere. Months go by, but the media and the public begin to suspect that Scott murdered his wife. The Rocha family support and defend Scott, until Scott's mistress Amber Frey  comes forward at a press conference and admits to an affair with Scott. The Rochas start to doubt Scott's innocence, especially Laci's mother, Sharon , who had always believed Scott to be the perfect husband. Finally, the Rocha family publicly announce that they are against Scott. In 2003, the body of Laci and Scott's unborn son washed up on shore: the remains of a torso later identified as Laci washed up a few miles away from the baby's remains, and the two were officially declared murdered. Scott was arrested."] ["The film is narrated by Martha Moxley , whose brutal murder sometime between 10 p.m. on October 30 and the early morning hours of October 31, 1975 remains unsolved in 1997. Mark Fuhrman, a former Los Angeles Police Department detective who gained notoriety during O.J. Simpson's murder trial, is intrigued by the case and travels to Greenwich, Connecticut to conduct an investigation of his own. Local authorities resent an outsider, especially one with a reputation as tarnished as Fuhrman's, invading their turf. They do everything they can to block Fuhrman's access to official reports. The film alternates between flashbacks of the events leading up to the murder and scenes set in the present day, which chronicle Fuhrman's frustration and interactions with Steve Carroll, the original investigator who grudgingly assists him. Their efforts ultimately bring Kennedy relative and former Moxley neighbor Michael Skakel to justice."] ["Timofey Berezin  works at a former top-secret, badly run and aged nuclear reprocessing facility plant in Skotoprigonyevsk-16, a former closed city and a naukograd. At the film's outset, he is exposed to radioactive contamination while selflessly trying to stop a criticality malfunction. The facility's draconian managers maintain his exposure was a survivable 100 rems, while accusing him of sabotage and suspending him without pay. Loyal coworkers, however, help Timofey discover the truth: he was exposed to 1,000 rems of radiation . Suffering from acute radiation poisoning, he has only days to live. Before Timofey's adoring wife, Marina , is fully aware of his fate, he leaves for Moscow, on a mission to secure a better future for her and their young son. He hooks up with a small-time gangster, Shiv , in hopes of finding a buyer for a selfmade canister of a little over 100 grams of weapons-grade plutonium salt he has stolen. It is 1995, only a few years after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, and they spend their time hurtling through the hotels, nightclubs and private palaces of the new Moscow underworld, ricocheting between two rival crime lords . However, what Timofey and Shiv never realize is that they are both caught in the same vise: trying to find a way free of a certain fate; hoping to do right by their loved ones before it is too late."] ['In the year 2068, Earth can no longer sustain human life with its natural resources depleted beyond repair. Whereas other companies are seeking to colonize the Moon, Calron sets its aim much higher: the planet Oxygen whose potential could save billions of lives. However, since it is 20,000 light-years away, a technology known as DST  has to be used to get there. A team, led by Cain , arrives but soon discover that it is home to a terror in the form of voracious, enormous, prehistoric bears and the planet itself is in an unstable condition. The team soon tries to escape from the planet, but are confronted by many ordeals. By the time the movie is over, the only one left alive is Allison Carlson , who manages to teleport back to Earth.'] ['The plot surrounds a confused bride Melissa  who wakes hand-cuffed to a Mexican stranger who claims to be her husband; she has no recollection of the marriage after having consumed a Mexican "moonshine" drink and having forgotten the events that occurred the previous night.'] ['Bernard "Bernie" Fine is a highly successful businessman who moves from New York City to San Francisco for his work at the west coast Wolff\'s department store. One day, he meets Liz O\'Reilly, a single mother who was left by her husband Chandler Scott around the time of her daughter Jane\'s birth. Although his mother Ruth, a proud Jew, is not enthusiastic about Liz\'s religious background, Bernie eventually marries her. Soon, she becomes pregnant and gives birth to a son, Alexander. Life is looking great for the couple. Everything changes when Chandler Scott comes back into their lives. Liz, fearing he will be a part of Jane\'s life, offers him $25,000 to leave without ever returning. This is despite their lawyer\'s strong advice not to offer him money, explaining it is illegal. Meanwhile, after Alexander is born, Liz is diagnosed with bone cancer. She refuses chemotherapy until Bernie encourages her it\'s the right thing to do, although Liz tells Bernie she will continue her job teaching at elementary school and finish out the school year. But as Liz begins to lose her hair, Ruth turns around and buys a wig for her, and apologizes to Liz for not giving her a chance. Finally Liz decides to give up on chemotherapy, explaining she does not want to spend her final days on medicine. Even though never showing it, Liz\'s health detoriates and after an emotional farewell she dies. Bernie buys a vacation cottage in Napa Valley, and hopes to start a new life with Jane and Alexander. Tragedy strikes again when Jane is kidnapped by Chandler. Bernie is furious and desperate to save her. Frustrated by the police\'s incapability to search for her, he uses the help of private detectives to locate her himself. He secretly brings her back home. While Bernie is handling all his current problems, he falls in love with a single doctor, Molly, who lives in Napa. As they become closer, Jane fears she may lose Bernie\'s love, until Ruth talks with her about how Bernie will never lose love for her, even if he marries somebody new. After Bernie and Molly have been going out for some time, Bernie then decides on staying and starting a new life in Napa, including opening a new store in an old schoolhouse, which he later names "Fine Things," after all the fine things that have come into Bernie\'s life. After a long time of no communication, Chandler sets a trial date to demand full custody of Jane. Chandler is about to win the case, until evidence is leaked Chandler was involved with a cocaine smuggle. Bernie wins official custody of Jane and they happily live ever after with Molly, Bernie\'s new girlfriend Jane initially disapproved, but learns to like. The movie closes with Bernie and Molly taking Jane and Alexander to see his new store, and he surprises Jane with a new dog. Knowing how much she means to Bernie, Jane feels she can finally accept a new life, and chooses to call Bernie daddy.'] ["In India, a young woman is kidnapped, and her young male companion beaten within an inch of his life. He is working class Sikh, Surinder Singh; she is his wife, the former Davinder Samra, a Canadian Sikh whom he met when she visited India a year earlier for her cousin's wedding. For both, it was love at first sight. However, Davinder comes from a traditional Sikh family, who made their fortune in Canada. Her parents, who knew nothing of Surinder when Surinder and Davinder eloped, were seeking a suitable husband for her. As the story unfolds leading to the kidnapping/beating and the subsequent investigation by the local police and Crime Investigation Division, the power of money and of Sikh family honor is shown."] ["Melissa Morris  desperately tries to gain more attention from her always preoccupied father, Neil, a best-selling author . Melissa lives in the shadow of Tripp Zoome , the adventurous and clever hero from her father's popular spy novels. Before a long overdue father-daughter vacation, her father gets kidnapped by obsessive fans: Wheeze  with his friend, Sheldon , and his brother, Andre . The tables turn however, when she must team up with them to find and rescue him from Merv , and brothers Maurice  and Skunk . It turns out Merv is just using Skunk and Maurice as part of a plan to get Neil to write one final book using his daughter as a reader. Wheeze, Andre and Sheldon get all of the Trip Zoome fans in town to gather together to rescue Melissa and Neil and they attack when Melissa manages to signal them. The fans attack Merv, Maurice and Skunk and they try to run but are stopped by more fans. Merv sneaks out with Neil while Skunk and Maurice go after Melissa who escapes. Melissa defeats them and ties them up. Merv nearly gets away, but Sheldon, who had been trying to find where everyone went, spots him and alerts everyone else. Neil is rescued, but Merv tries to get away. As he runs, Skunk and Maurice, still tied up, come out and see this and regretting what they've done use what they're tied up with to trip Merv, knocking him down and ending his escape. The police arrest Maurice and Skunk while Neil thanks his fans. Wheeze gives his number to Melissa before she and her father leave on their long-overdue vacation."] ["Oil drilling causes the Earth's crust to sink, pushing the magma up at the West Coast, triggering earthquakes and volcanic eruptions that devastate Seattle, Tacoma, and other cities, killing thousands, if not millions of people in the process. A crew must detonate nuclear fusion weapons underground and push the crust back into its proper position. Meanwhile, on the surface, there is a debate as to whether to inform the public about the impending crisis."] ['The 1997 film is set in a United States in which foreign immigration has skyrocketed: The Mayor of Los Angeles speaks only in Spanish, Rhode Island is populated mostly by Chinese-Americans, and Alabama has a congressman from India. Politics is openly reduced to a matter of catering to various ethnic groups for their votes - the Alabama congressman will only support the president if his state receives more money for Hindu temples. When an atomic weapon is used in Pakistan, an international organization makes plans to bring orphans to Idaho. Idaho governor Jim Farley  orders the state\'s National Guard to close its borders, as Idaho has already received more than a million refugees; he acknowledges this even though the Governor himself routinely indulges in Mexican food, Mexican soap operas, and an affair with a Mexican-American reporter . Despite the best efforts of his press secretary Jimmy Cannon , Farley remains largely oblivious to the national crisis he\'s the center of, since Farley is more concerned with rekindling his romance with his mistress rather than dealing with national matters. Meanwhile, the President of the United States  turns out to be an equally ineffectual leader, ruthlessly exploiting immigration to fill districts and states with those most likely to vote for his own party. He will move more Koreans to New York since Koreans are one of his core constituencies. Reputed as indecisive, the President delegates his decision-making entirely to his advisors, most notably his unofficial chief advisor, lobbyist Jack B. Buchan . Buchan, however, is less concerned with the good of the nation, and more concerned with politics, especially how the President\'s actions will play on television . Buchan regularly influences the President\'s decisions by manipulating his desire to emulate previous U.S. presidents, even going so far as to pepper presidential statements with fictitious "quotes" from President Dwight D. Eisenhower. Meanwhile, the NN cable network is reporting the events and influencing them at the same time. News director Mel  attempts to time events to maximize ratings, while his staff becomes polarized over the political issues involved in the conflict between the Governor and the President. Standard fare for the cable network is to show footage of crying immigrant children, which is done with the Pakistani orphans waiting to move to Idaho. As the deadline approaches, the Governor and the President call in, respectively, the Idaho National Guard and the United States Army. Tensions rise when the commanders of both units turn out to be bitter rivals from the Gulf War. Meanwhile, governors from other states send in their own National Guard units to aid one side or the other, causing the conflict to escalate into the national arena. Mexican-American pro-immigrant rioters bomb the Alamo, while anti-immigrants retaliate by bombing the Statue of Liberty because of its plaque, stating that "We no longer want your tired, your poor or your huddled masses." Eventually, the Governor\'s girlfriend convinces him to back down from the conflict and resign, but a series of misunderstandings and mutinies leads to a major battle between anti- and pro-immigrant armed forces at the Idaho border, culminating with the president\'s decision to invade Idaho in what becomes the second American Civil War. At the movie\'s close, news reports indicate that hostilities have ceased, but the immigration issue is unresolved.'] ["Meteorites falling from the sky during a meteor shower act as transportation for dragons traveling within. The dragons wreak havoc on the surrounding medieval countryside and two rival monarchs, King Fastrad  and King Wednesbury  must join forces to face the threat. A messenger arrives to warn King Fastrad who does not believe him, until the dragons make their appearance and destroy his fiefdom. Fastrad and his top aids then head to the fiefdom of King Wednesbury, ostensibly to seek aid, but planning to overthrow him. Along the way they meet Silas , a hunter who agrees, for a price, to escort and protect the party from the countryside's other dangers. They reach Wednesbury and Fastrad falsely accuses Silas of being a poacher in order to wiggle out of the debt. Silas is joined by the Mystic Scholar Ling , the vengeance-seeking Remmegar , and King Wednesbury's warrior daughter Medina . One of the meteors was damaged when it fell, killing its dragon passenger. Ling studies the dead beast and the party decides to set off to hunt the remaining dragons using a giant balista. While they are gone, Fastrad continues plotting against Wednesbury, and blackmails Wednesbury's aide to kill Silas."] ['The film opens in April 1945 with the death of Franklin Roosevelt and the succession of Harry Truman to the presidency. In Europe, the Germans are close to surrender, but in the Pacific the bloody battle for Okinawa is still underway and an invasion of the Japanese home islands is not foreseen until the autumn. American battle casualties have almost reached 900,000, with Japanese casualties at 1.1 million, and some 8 million Asian civilians have died in the war that began with Japan\'s invasion of Manchuria in 1931. The new president knows nothing about the nuclear weapons being developed at Los Alamos, and he must soon decide on whether to use them and how. The US Secretary of War, Henry Stimson, has doubts even about the wisdom of the American fire-bombing raids on Japan. "One of these Gadgets [bombs]", U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes says, "could end the war in one blow." When nuclear physicist Leo Szilard delivers a petition signed by 73 scientists urging the president not to deploy the bomb, Byrnes tells him: "You do not spend two billion dollars and then show them [American voters] nothing." The film suggests that Byrnes never mentioned Szilard\'s visit to the president. Also urging deployment is Maj. Gen. Leslie Groves, director of the Manhattan Project. "We\'ve come this far", Groves says; "there\'s no going back." A demonstration is ruled out because "it might be a dud." In Japan, the strong man is Gen. Anami Korechika, the minister of war, who argues that if the homeland is defended at the cost of every Japanese, the Americans will tire of war and sue for peace. "Surrender is out of the question", he says. The voice of reason is the new civilian prime minister, Suzuki Kantaro, who says in private, "We must end this damned war." A committee appointed by Truman recommends unanimously that he use the bomb on "war plants surrounded by worker housing", without warning. A portly Gen. George Marshall lays out plans for the invasion of Kyūshū in November and Honshū in March 1946, involving 767,000 Allied troops and casualties that may reach 250,000. In Tokyo, Adm. Yonai Mitsumasa assures the cabinet that 25 percent of the invaders will be destroyed by kamikaze attack at sea, 25 percent will die on the beach, and the rest will fall in battle. Children as young as nine are being taught to fight the invaders with bamboo spears. "This is madness", says foreign minister Togo Shigenori, an outspoken peace advocate. The civilians in the cabinet decide to secretly ask for Russian mediation. On July 16, the Trinity test shows that a plutonium bomb is feasible and that a nuclear blast is even more powerful than scientists predicted. The uranium bomb Little Boy leaves Los Alamos for Tinian island in the Pacific. At the Potsdam conference near Berlin, the Soviet leader Joseph Stalin promises to join the war against Japan. British prime minister Winston Churchill urges Truman to use the bomb so as to constrain Russian expansion, an argument seconded by Truman\'s military advisers, who warn that unless Japan surrenders quickly it will have a Russian zone of occupation and the attendant problems. Truman decides to drop the bomb, reporting afterward that he then "went to bed and slept like a baby." The Allied leaders deliver an ultimatum to Japan "to give them one last chance." In Tokyo, prime minister Suzuki tries to keep the army in line by declaring in a press conference that he will "mokusatsu" the ultimatum—a term that the Americans translate as "treat with silent contempt." In deference to Henry Stimson\'s qualms, Truman strikes Kyoto off the target list, leaving Hiroshima as the primary target, and Enola Gay makes a successful drop on the morning of August 6, 1945. Recalls an airman afterward: "I\'ll tell you what I thought: this is the end of the war." The Japanese war cabinet is told that the blast killed or injured 130,000 people, but the hardliners argue that the U.S. can\'t have many more such bombs, that world opinion will prevent a repetition, and that Japan can still fight to an honorable peace. At worst, Gen. Anami declares, Japan will be "destroyed like a beautiful flower." On August 9, the Soviet Union invades Manchuria; next day, the Fat Man plutonium bomb devastates Nagasaki. Hirohito finally intervenes, telling the cabinet that Japan "must endure the unendurable" and surrender. Young army officers urge Gen. Anami to join them in a military coup, but the army minister tells them: "The emperor has spoken; we must obey him." On August 15, the emperor\'s surrender message is broadcast to Japan, and Anami commits ritual suicide.'] ["The two-hour biography speeds along from young Walter's hustling beginnings as a tabloid gossip merchant  to his ascendance as the nation's most powerful propagandist.<ref namehttp://www.nytimes.com/1998/11/21/arts/television-review-putting-down-the-big-shots-while-snuggling-up.html | titleThe New York Times | dateAugust 20, 2012 | lastWalter}}"] ['Jackie Laurens  is a recently divorced, 40-year-old and mother of two pre-teen kids who takes a vacation alone to Hawaii where, against her better judgment, she meets and hooks up with a hunky, much younger resident surf instructor named Kyle Hamilton . But what began as a one-night stand turns into love as when her vacation is done, she flies to Hawaii every chance she gets to meet with her latest love interest, which soon gets disapproval from her ex-husband, her teenage kids, and even her close friends. As time and the pressure from everyone around her to break it off with Kyle pushes Jackie to her breaking point, it will only take her beau Kyle to teach her how to cope before life passes her by.'] ["High school student Paula Crisostomo , is tired of being treated unequally. She meets a group of student activists from around East Los Angeles and they decide to try to change the way students are treated. They are punished for speaking Spanish in school, their bathrooms are locked during lunch, they are forced to do janitorial work as a punishment and many in the high school administrations actively dissuade the less promising students from attending college. Inspired by her Chicano teacher Sal Castro  and despite opposition from her father , Paula joins in and helps hand out surveys to students to suggest improvements to the schools. Each East LA high school has two or three students who are in the group; Paula particularly becomes interested in Robert . However, the school board refuses to consider the suggestions so Paula urges the students to walk out of school. The police find out and the principal threatens to expel Paula if she walks out. 5 East LA schools successfully walk out and the school board says they might consider their demands, but Paula's father throws her out of the house for her role in the walkout. The students decide to walk out in only half of the schools the next day, but the police arrest and beat the protesters. None of the footage appears on the news and the students are painted as violent agitators with Communist ties. Paula decides to invite the students' families to the protests, hoping their presence will deter police brutality. When the students walk out again their families come to support them and it appears that they have won when the school board agrees to hear their complaints. Paula invites Robert to prom, but while she is getting ready the police suddenly arrest 12 of the leaders of the student movement, When Paula goes to Sal for advice she discovers that Robert  has arrested him. The students are charged with conspiracy to disrupt a school with a maximum penalty of 66 years. Paula is defeated, but her father urges her not to give up and she helps to stage a massive protest outside the jail. Robert is on duty there and tries to stop her, but she continues leading the crowd until all 12 students and Sal are released."] ['The blue-collar working world of 1950s Indiana, with period-style footage and clips from Fritz Lang\'s Metropolis, is accompanied by Shepherd\'s voiceover narration as the adult Ralph. The fourteen-year old Ralph and friends Flick and Schwartz endure bureaucratic "terminal official boredom," to get their "working papers," to be able to apply for their first summer jobs. The next day at breakfast, Ralph announces that he, Flick and Schwartz have job interviews, and Mom notices that the family dog, Fuzzhead,  seems to be missing. Narrator Ralph describes this as the beginning of the "Scary Fuzzhead Saga, which traumatized our family for years." The three friends interview at Scott\'s Used Furniture Palace, where narrator Ralph describes the owner as "a cross between Rasputin and The Wolfman"; they are hired, in "a truly historic moment." The three friends fantasize about what they\'ll do with all the money they\'ll make. Clocking in on the job, the trio proceed to their first assignment - depicted in stock footage as enslaved workers descending to a dark basement. Mom calls the police to report Fuzzhead\'s disappearance, and announces to the Old Man, as he leaves for work, that she\'s "not going on any vacation" until Fuzzhead is found. Mom posts hand-drawn crayon "reward" posters for Fuzzhead\'s return, and places an ad in the newspaper. The Old Man, at the neighborhood bar, the Bluebird, laments the likely delay of his vacation. The first day of Ralph\'s moving job is difficult and exhausting, as the trio struggle to move a mammoth refrigerator up five flights of stairs. At dinner Ralph is so sore and stiff his joints creak and pop. The next day, back on the job, the trio move an identical refrigerator up another seven flights of stairs. Over the next two weeks, Ralph "toils ceaselessly" at Scott\'s, while Mom relentlessly "like Ahab" searches for Fuzzhead, with visits to dog pounds and repeatedly dragging the Old Man out to drive around looking for Fuzzhead. At night, Ralph has eerie nightmares, including a towering, laughing refrigerator. The next day, having seen Mom\'s badly-sketched reward posters, "people from three counties arrived with their mutts, trying for the big reward." Ralph\'s summer job ends abruptly when the three friends are fired. Then "a miracle" happens - the Old Man, driving around again with Mom, spots Fuzzhead in the rear window of a black Rolls Royce, and gives chase, all the way to the home of the rich dowager at whose doorstep the dog appeared. Fuzzhead returns to the family home, left with "only her memories", a montage of meals on crystal and pampered treatment. At dinner, Ralph fibs, saying he quit his job to spend time with the family. As a result, the Parkers are free to pack and, as narrator Ralph describes, begin their "epic" road trip. The trip includes drastic overpacking of the brown Chevy sedan, a reluctant starter motor, an endlessly carsick and complaining younger brother Randy, side trips to shop for unnecessary "slob art", a flat tire, running out of gas as the Old Man insists on only "Texas Royal Supreme Blue" gasoline, a misadventure at a gas station with an unseen enormous growling "Meers hound," a boiled-over radiator as an occasion for a roadside picnic, and a missed detour sign and resulting circular detour due to squabbling among the kids. In the middle of a pasture, as cows surround the car, narrator Ralph describes the scene: "beset on all sides by strange creatures, the lost mariner searches and searches, in the Sargasso sea of life..." Rounding out the road trip, more unnecessary shopping, a Dutch lawn windmill, Ralph\'s confession of forgetting the fishing tackle, being stuck behind a live poultry truck, and panic over another "magically appearing" carbound bee. When the family finally arrives at Clear Lake, the Old Man learns that the fish have stopped biting. Ralph discovers the Old Man had packed the fishing tackle after all, and the pair walk out onto the boat ramp to take in the view, as a few drops of rain fall. A torrential downpour develops, and in the cabin, leaks from the roof drip into every available pot and basin, as narrator Ralph describes, all day, everyday of the family\'s vacation. At bedtime, Ralph\'s mom reassures him that the Old Man loves him, even though he never calls him by his real name  A lightning strike knocks out power to the rain-drenched lakeside camp\'s welcome sign, and the credits roll.'] ['On his wedding day, Prince John commits a romantic indiscretion and is "frogged".  He is cursed by turning him into a frog for eternity unless a woman kisses him and marries him. For good measure, his squire Rodney is also frogged. Moving forward 500 years, the Prince and Rodney, in the form of frogs, find themselves in New York\'s Central Park, where the Prince sees Kate driving her horse-drawn carriage and falls in love with her. However, the actress Margo impetuously picks up the Prince-frog and kisses him, breaking the curse until the next full moon, and turning the Prince and Rodney into their true human selves . Prince John and Rodney begin their search for the woman who kissed John, with the help of Kate. When the Prince in human form finally meets Margo, while performing Shakespeare\'s "Romeo and Juliet", she decides to make her unfaithful lover, Hamish, jealous by initiating a romantic tryst. The Prince, realizing that he must marry Margo in order to permanently break the curse, proposes marriage. Meanwhile, Rodney finds in Serena a fellow "wizard" and they try to find potions that will break the curse. In the end, the three couples manage to find themselves with the right person, the curse is forever broken by true love, and all marry to live happily ever after.'] ['The film revolves around Harvard-educated lawyer Declan Fitzpatrick ; who impulsively gives up his settled life to buy Manet Hall, a newly restored plantation manor near New Orleans, which he has always been drawn to. Local legends claim that the house is haunted, and shortly after Declan moves in he begins hearing voices and seeing things. Declan is also distracted by an undeniable attraction to Cajun local, Lena Simone. Lena was raised on the bayou by her grandmother Odette , and has her own deep connection with the manor. While living in the house, Declan begins to have visions from a century past and details of events that took place in the mansion. With the help of Odette, Declan and Lena realize that they are inextricably linked with Manet Hall, and uncover a shocking secret that has been hidden there for more than 100 years.'] ['Physics professor Zach Shefford  has regarded his telekinetic gifts as a curse rather than a blessing. This sentiment is obviously not shared by ruthless Pentagon agent Raymond Addison , who recruits Shefford for a dangerous mission in which his "second sight" talents will be taxed to the utmost. It seems that, back in 1977, Addison had overseen Project Momentum, wherein dozens of telekinetics were brought together ostensibly for the purpose of benefiting mankind. But the project got out of hand when the participants\' powers became too powerful and deadly, forcing Addison to kill them all. However, one of the participants, Adrian Geiger , managed to escape, and is now at large, with a vast telekinetic army at his beck and call. It is Shefford\'s job to infiltrate Geiger\'s camp and finish the job that Shefford had started. Upon falling in love with fellow telekinetic Tristen , Shefford finds that his loyalties are wavering—and begins to suspect that the villains in this particular melodrama may in fact be the heroes, and vice versa. FBI agents Jordan Ripps  and Frank McIntyre , who have been investigating an armored-car hijacking, follow Zach to Geiger. A telekinetic tug-of-war leads to a psychic showdown at the complex where Project Momentum was developed. Zach must finally choose the side to be on when telekinetic war breaks out. With Tristen prepared to follow in her father\'s footsteps and telekinetic sleeper cells in place across the nation, the momentum is building.'] ['When Eliza  loses her father-in-law she is left to raise two children, continue work on an unharvested orange crop, and maintain a heavy mortgage. She begins to lose faith until her Aunt Batty  persuades her to persevere. Suddenly a mysterious stranger called Gabe  turns up and helps Eliza with the harvest just in time to stop the bank from taking over. The more Eliza learns about Gabe, the more she realizes she loves him.'] ["Lionel Powers and Julian Messenger are filthy rich men with dirty family secrets. They play dirty as well, fighting for control over a professional football team in Los Angeles with every weapon at their disposal. While the billionaires scheme and squabble, the married couple Rita and Jerry Pascoe can barely make ends meet. Their marriage becomes strained with Jerry's continuing inability to hold or find a job. While rich people blackmail one another, homeless people look for handouts and Jerry Pascoe is reduced to cleaning stadium restrooms and applying for a job as a peanut vendor. The tabloid-worthy secrets in the lives of Powers' wife Ariel and right-hand man Alan Blanchard lead to dire consequences for all. The marriage of the Pascoes, meanwhile, turns tragi-comically from a terrible climax to fodder for reality TV."] ["The plot centres on the SS Poseidon, a 135,000-ton state-of-the-art luxury cruise ship on a cruise from Cape Town, South Africa to Sydney, Australia as well as the stories and dramas of some of the 3,700 passengers and crew. Passenger and father, Richard Clark, is having an affair with Shoshana, a crew member. His family is drifting away from him and his wife, Rachael, kicks him out of the family's stateroom. Dylan, their 12-year-old son witnesses this and is devastated. His older sister, Shelby, is in nursing school and falls in love with the ships doctor Ballard. On New Year's Eve, a bomb planted by a terrorist explodes. A second bomb is planned to explode, but was earlier dismantled by sea marshall, Rogo. Because water is now entering only one side of the ship, it tips over throwing many people to their deaths. As the ship continues to tilt, the centre of gravity on the ship causes it to flip completely into an upside-down position. Many passengers and crew are injured, crippled, or killed. Ballard's arm is seriously injured. Shelby and one of the showgirls are trapped on a table that is secured to the floor, which is now the ceiling. They are both rescued. Shelby and Ballard then begin helping the injured. A small group of survivors, including Shelby's mother, prepare to escape the sinking ship through the hole left by the bomb. The cruise director convinces most survivors in the ballroom to stay, telling them the ship is not sinking. Shelby decides to stay and help the injured, but knows her mother and younger brother need to leave before it's too late. The others leave the ballroom as Shelby's mother promises to leave traces where the group has gone. They then painfully depart and Shelby waves to her mother with a bloody hand as episode one ends. Episode two begins with the navy realizing that the S.S. Poseidon has gone missing, and they send out a rescue team. In one of the Poseidon crew quarters, Richard and Shoshana reach the ballroom through an air vent. Shelby confronts Shoshona, as Richard decides to follow Rachael and the others with Ballard, Shelby, and Shoshana. As they leave the ballroom, a huge amount of water rushes into the ballroom, killing everyone who didn't listen to Richard. Meanwhile, Rogo's group splits up with Rogo taking the terrorist into deeper water to question him, while the rest of the group continues on the path to rescue. Rogo meets up with Richard's group and they all meet up again in the area where the bomb exploded. The debris is too packed to get through. When the navy arrives, their explosives make it even more impossible to get out that way. They are forced to go through the engine room to detonate the other bomb and blast their way out. As they cross a fiery abyss left by the engines on a fallen cat walk, Shoshana and the terrorist die as the others escape. They find the other bomb, detonate it and successfully open a hole in the hull. The survivors jump into the water, swim to nearby rescue boats. The survivors watch as Poseidon sinks, while a British agent, who had been helping out, laments the fact that there are so few survivors."] ['Caitlin Rose is a shy 17-year-old in the new town of Lockhart, Illinois. She\'s not very well known at her school, but with the help of her best friend, she is accepted into the popular group at school, known as The Crew. While partying one night, she bonds with Ethan, eventually sleeping with him while being secretly watched by his best friend, Jace. Acting under peer pressure, she soon starts to rebel, neglecting school and getting into trouble. A lot of the teachers are bothered by their behavior, complaining to administrators that they get away with everything, but to no avail. While at the movies one night, Caitlin finds out Ethan is dating another girl. Upset, she confronts him. Trying to keep up a tough image, he claims they were never serious, but she responds that she sees right through him, before leaving. Back at home, she receives a visit from Jace, who lies his way into her home by saying that he wants to comfort her. Inside, he tries to kiss her, but when she refuses him, he becomes angry and ends up raping her while her little sister listens through the door, unaware of her sister being assaulted. The next day, she distances herself from everyone, not wanting to talk to her mother. When Avon demands to know what happened last night, Caitlin admits that Jace raped her. She, however, doesn\'t believe Caitlin, claiming that she probably seduced him. Feeling betrayed, she leaves home, only to be told the same by her friends. She directly accuses Jace of rape, but nobody believes her, and the rest of Caitlin\'s friends soon turn their back on her. Determined to prove she isn\'t lying, she goes to the hospital for an examination, but the doctors can\'t find any proof of rape due to how she had already been sexually active before the rape. Nevertheless, Avon decides to believe her and offers to press charges, but Caitlin responds she just wants to forget everything that happened. She is soon troubled with nightmares, and at school, people start bullying her. At first, she considers dropping out and going to college, but she soon realizes she could be able to stop it by winning over Ethan\'s trust. She is unable to, however, and the harassing continues. This results in Caitlin getting into a fight with another girl, Hanna, who is subsequently suspended not only for fighting Caitlin and writing graffiti, but for talking back to the chemistry teacher. Her mother threatens to step to the mass media, which angers the principal. Trying to prevent the school from getting a bad reputation, she suspends Ethan and Jace from two football games. As revenge for the suspension, the group lures her into an abandoned house and attack her, cutting off her hair as a "punishment". However, Ethan sees how scared she is and lets her go. Devastated, Caitlin decides to fight back, calling an investigator the next day, and the two begin collecting evidence and preparing to sue the school. Meanwhile, Jace reveals to Ethan that he indeed raped Caitlin. Stunned by this revelation, Ethan tries to make it right with her, but she initially doesn\'t want to see him. However, after much discussion, Caitlin finally relents, and an uneasy truce is made between them. Feeling betrayed by his best friend, Jace starts vandalizing Ethan\'s property and car. Finally, he picks up Caitlin, ready to flee the town, but they are stopped by the rest of The Crew. During the ensuing commotion, a knife fight breaks out between Ethan and Jace, which ends when Jace is stabbed deeply in the leg, after which Ethan leaves with Caitlin. Later, they kiss in a church, and a court trial follows, during which the school district promises to change their policies. Jace testifies he will never play college football because of muscle damage sustained in the knife fight, and that he\'s ready to move on with his life and go to a state college. In the end, Caitlin leaves town for college, leaving everyone behind.'] ['{{plot|datePart onePart two The creature befriends an elderly blind peasant. The blind man is eager to introduce his new friend to his grandchildren Felix and Agatha, the latter of whom the creature becomes enamored by. For many days the creature hides from them when they return home, afraid of letting anyone see his face, a habit the blind man attributes only to shyness. Felix and Agatha choose to surprise their grandfather\'s friend by turning up unexpectedly, but upon seeing the creature, Agatha flees into the woods in terror while Felix attacks. In self-defense, the creature reflexively flings Felix away, smashing Felix\'s skull. He then pursues Agatha into the woods, but as she runs from him she stumbles into the path of a horse-drawn carriage. Agatha is run over and killed. The creature takes the body and carries it back to Frankenstein\'s laboratory, intent on asking his creator to restore her to life. He arrives to find that Victor has long since left and that the laboratory is now occupied by Dr. Polidori, the crippled former mentor of Clerval. Having become aware of Victor\'s failed experiment and discovering that Henry Clerval\'s brain resides in the creature\'s body, Polidori agrees to help the creature\'s beloved Agatha. Victor, having abandoned his experiments after the creature\'s apparent suicide, has now returned to his country house to marry Elizabeth. On the day of his wedding he is visited by Polidori, who uses the fact of the creature\'s existence to blackmail Victor into helping him create a female being. In exchange, Polidori promises that Victor will be forever free of them all once the experiment is complete. Victor reluctantly agrees, and much to Elizabeth\'s dismay leaves her alone on their wedding night to join Polidori in his laboratory. Polidori reveals that it was he who perfected the preservation and reanimation of dead flesh. He scoffs at the use of solar power and blames the procedure as the reason for the Creature\'s degeneration. Clerval had apparently stolen Polidori\'s secrets and left the helpless Polidori without assistance. Desiring fame and racing against his own increasing weakness, Clerval came to believe the solar route would be a quicker and simpler way to accomplish the same goal. Keeping the creature locked away like an animal, Polidori employs Victor in attaching Agatha\'s head to a new body. Together, they bring to life a beautiful female creature whom Polidori names Prima. Victor believes himself forever free of both his creature and Polidori and leaves for a several months-long honeymoon with Elizabeth. Polidori insinuates his "ward" Prima and himself into the Fanshawe household. Enraged at seeing Polidori, Frankenstein reluctantly complies with his wishes and decides not to interfere with Polidori\'s plan. It becomes evident that Prima is evil, and Elizabeth grows increasingly wary of the young woman after she catches her deliberately trying to strangle a household cat. Suspicious about the decorative neck choker which Prima insists on wearing, Elizabeth spies on Prima as she sleeps and sees with horror the stitches on her neck where her head has been attached. She begs Victor to dismiss her from the house. At the laboratory Victor confronts Polidori, who tells him that he and Prima will be moving on shortly. As a show of good faith that he now really means to set Victor free, Polidori hypnotizes the creature and puts him to sleep at the edge of a vat of acid. The servants are about to push him in but, at the last moment, Victor cries out for the creature to wake up. He does so, hurling one of the servants into the acid as Polidori locks him in the basement. Polidori has his remaining servant set fire to the building with the creature trapped inside and chastises Victor for his hypocrisy, telling him that he loved his creature "so long as it was pretty, but when it lost its looks that was a different matter!" The volatile chemicals still stored in the building explode, leveling the chateau. Later on, a ball to present Prima to society is held at the Fanshawe mansion. Prima performs a delightful ballet routine which impresses all the guests. Beaming with pride, Polidori finally explains to a drunken Victor his true plan: to use the stunning Prima as a courtesan to the rich and powerful, with the ultimate plan of gaining international political influence. At that moment, Frankenstein\'s badly burned creature bursts into the ballroom. Scattering the guests, he makes his way towards Prima. He rips away the now savage Prima\'s neckband, revealing her neck scar to the horrified crowd. After a tussle, where the guests try to keep a crazed Prima from reaching the monster, he succeeds in literally pulling off her head, dropping it at Polidori\'s feet. The ballroom is left in chaos and destruction. The next day a police investigation begins and Victor attempts to confess. Elizabeth intervenes, convincing the inspector in charge that Victor has been suffering from mental strain and that Polidori is responsible for everything. Elizabeth and Victor choose to leave England and voyage to America to begin life anew. Victor and Elizabeth board the ship but find that Polidori is also on board. He insists that Victor and he will continue their experiments in America and will not accept their refusal. Elizabeth witnesses the creature hiding in Polidori\'s cabin. She locks Polidori in the cabin with the creature and takes the key. When she tells Victor what she has done, his sense of morality urges him to set Polidori free. He does, but the creature pursues Polidori onto the deck. The creature ties a rope around Polidori and hoists him high into the lightning storm above. In an attempt to stop Polidori\'s murder, Victor is struck by a swinging plank and falls to the deck unconscious. The ship\'s crew flee in a lifeboat, leaving only Victor, Elizabeth and the creature on board. Elizabeth cruelly and rather unwisely taunts the creature with the knowledge of her pregnancy. Enraged, the mind of Clerval surfaces, and the creature kills her. The Clerval part of the creature carefully observes and treats Victor\'s condition, after having lashed the wheel of the ship on a heading straight for the uncharted wilderness of the North Pole. When Victor finally awakens, he finds the frozen body of Elizabeth on deck and the ship itself locked in ice. Victor sees the creature\'s footprints leading away from the ship, making their way across the ice plain to what appears to be a cavern at the base of a large iceberg. Victor follows him, overcome by remorse, realizing that this whole tragedy was caused by his rejection of the helpless, deteriorating creature, who upon Victor\'s death will be utterly alone, cursed with an "iron body" that, even here, will keep him alive against his will. Victor begs the Creature\'s forgiveness; the sound of his shouts sets off an ice avalanche. As tons of ice begin to fall upon them both, the Creature  forgives his creator.'] ['A magical a gold watch with the power to stop time becomes the center of a swindle by a corrupt land baron.{{cite web}}'] ['A heart-warming tale of a mentally challenged young man named Todd McCray ([[Noel Fisher  living with his parents in the rural midwest. The story takes place over a two-week period over the Christmas holidays when the local animal shelter launches an "Adopt a dog for Christmas" program. Todd\'s unconditional love for animals enables him to embark on an endeavour to ensure that as many dogs as possible get adopted by the local community. One dog in particular has grabbed Todd\'s heart and through intermittent flashbacks, viewers slowly discover the reasons for his father\'s reluctance to fully support Todd\'s efforts.'] ["The Times of Harvey Milk documents the political career of Harvey Milk, who was San Francisco's first openly gay supervisor. The film documents Milk's rise from a neighborhood activist to a symbol of gay political achievement, through to his assassination in November 1978 at San Francisco's city hall, and the Dan White trial and aftermath."] ['Angela Delvecchio  is a shy high school sophomore who aspires to be popular, beautiful and perfect in everything. She performs well academically in school and sets high goals for herself. She idolizes Stacy Lockwood , who is the most popular girl at school, as well as a cheerleader. One of the reasons why Angela admires Stacey is because one of Angela\'s goals is to become a cheerleader. When Angela is accepted into the "Larks," the school\'s popular clique, she tries to forge a friendship with the snobbish and conceited Stacy, who rejects her. Angela then further suffers being rejected for a coveted position on the yearbook staff. Furthermore, she is not successful in her audition for the cheerleading squad. Angela is humiliated and feels like a failure. Still determined to be friends with Stacy, she calls Stacy\'s mother and anonymously invites her to a party under the guise of there being a special dinner for the Larks. Once Stacy gets in the car with Angela, she reveals that the "dinner" story was a lie she told Stacy\'s mother so she would be allowed to meet Angela. Infuriated, Stacy demands to be taken home. Angela tries to explain how much she admires Stacy and wants to be like her, but Stacy is less than sympathetic. Unmoved, she calls Angela "pathetic" and exits the car, stating that everyone in school will now laugh at Angela. Stacy then runs to a nearby house, where she asks to use the telephone, explaining that the friend she was with had \'gotten a little weird,\' and manages to get a ride home. Angela follows the car back to Stacy\'s home, and out of fear that Stacy will spread rumors about her, Angela stabs Stacy multiple times and leaves her for dead. Angela avoids capture in the weeks following the incident. Although Angela is interviewed by the police, she is not named as a suspect. Most of the students blame one of their classmates, Monica, for Stacy\'s murder. At first, no one suspects Angela because she is seemingly too nice to commit a crime. Furthermore, one of Stacy\'s friends tells Angela that no one really liked Stacy, but that they were only afraid of her. As her junior year begins, Angela becomes more involved with the community, taking up such activities as peer counseling and candy striping. Overwhelmed by Stacy\'s murder, one of the Larks brings up the idea of disbanding. Determined not to let this happen, Angela argues that they should remain active, noting that the group was not only important to Stacy, but also to the various community activities in which they take part. This idea not only saves the Larks, but also wins Angela the position of secretary/treasurer. In the meantime, a harassment campaign is waged against Monica until she finally leaves the school. At this point, authorities resume their investigation and begin re-interviewing possible suspects, including Angela. With the authorities slowly closing in on her, she becomes more and more consumed by her guilt, until she finally confesses to her parents in a letter. Devastated by the arrest, Angela\'s best friend Jamie confesses to having left her in a ski lodge alone during a ski trip the year before, all because she did not have the courage to stand up to Stacy. As the trial begins, the Prosecutor argues that Angela should be charged with first-degree murder as there was evidence of premeditation. Angela\'s lawyer claims it was second-degree murder. The judge agrees with the defense, after listening to Angela\'s taped confession. Stating that the tape was just circumstantial evidence and that the prosecution failed to prove the crime to be premeditated. Angela is then sentenced to confinement until the age of 25. As the movie ends, Jamie writes a letter to Angela that she quit the Larks  and that she plans to quit Santa Mira High and go back to her former school, St. Joe\'s.'] ['{{expand-section}} The movie follows the events and hardships suffered by the nine companies, roughly 550 men, of the United States Army 77th Infantry Division  that had been completely cut off and surrounded by German forces a short distance away in the Argonne Forest. The force was led by Maj. Charles W. Whittlesey, who was disparagingly described as a "New York lawyer" by his commanders. The battalion was part of what was supposed to be a three-pronged attack through the German lines. The battalion believed another American force was on its right flank and a French force on its left, not knowing that they had both retreated. The battalion lost contact with headquarters. Whittlesey sent several runners to headquarters, but none of them returned. He ended up having to rely on carrier pigeons to communicate. During the siege, American artillery began firing on the German position in the forest as the Americans cheered. However, the artillery began falling on the American line, killing numerous men in friendly fire. Whittlesey sends a pigeon to headquarters with a message saying they were being hit by their own artillery, saying, "For heaven\'s sake, stop it". The headquarters receives the message and stops firing. Witnessing the incident, the Germans attack the disoriented American force, but they are repelled by the Americans in fierce fighting and retreat back to their trenches. After several days and numerous repelled attacks, the Americans are still holding on, despite desperately low supplies, forcing them to reuse bandages and other medical supplies and take food off dead soldiers. The Germans capture two Americans, one of them severely wounded, and begin using them to try to negotiate with Whittlesey. The uninjured prisoner receives good treatment from a German officer who speaks fluent English after having lived in America for several years. He tries to convince the prisoner that there is no hope, to which the American responds, "They\'ll never surrender." The American eventually agrees to bring a message from the Germans to Whittlesey urging surrender after his captor says he wants to save lives. The Germans then send him escorted by a German soldier with a white flag back to the American line with the message. Whittlesey responds by throwing the flag back towards the Germans. The Americans continue to hold despite relentless attacks and low supplies. Eventually, an American pilot is sent out to search for the force, and flies right over their position. Realizing it is an American plane, the Americans make noise to try to get the pilot\'s attention. The Germans prepare to shoot at the plane, but their commander tells them to hold their fire because if the pilot knew the Germans\' location he would also know the Americans\'. The pilot locates the Americans and signals to them, and the Germans begin firing at him. The pilot is critically wounded, but manages to circle the location on his map and navigate back to the airfield, dead by the time he lands. The men at the base see his map and bring it back to headquarters. After six days, reinforcements finally arrive at the American lines. Major General Robert Alexander arrives in a car, telling Whittlesey there will be "commendations and promotions for everyone". Whittlesey is furious about the debacle, and is further angered by Alexander\'s insistence that the casualties they suffered were "acceptable losses". Alexander reveals that the battalion\'s hold in the middle of the German line enabled the Americans to break through the entire line. Alexander offers to bring Whittlesey back to headquarters in his car, to which Whittlesey responds, "That\'s not acceptable, sir. I\'ll stay with my men."'] ['An alien species called the Kulku demand that eight million human beings be handed over to them to produce a cure for the virus that is killing them. In return, the Kuklu promise not to wipe out the planet and take what they want. While other countries empty their prisons to try to meet their quotas, the United States holds a lottery. One of the 8 million humans selected is Dr. Stephen Chase\'s daughter, Heather. Dr. Chase tries to interfere with the Kulku\'s plan by joining the human resistance and killing as many of the Kulku as possible. The resistance has some success using a weapon he designs, but Heather is captured and taken to the Kulku mothership in orbit where they discover that just a little bit of her blood  is enough to cure one Kulku. Jal, the Kulku ambassador, prepares to send her to Kulku. He plans to destroy the Earth with the Kulku\'s "Raeg" weapon, which will allow her to travel to the Kulku homeworld alive. Meanwhile, after the Kulku start just harvesting humans, Army forces under General Skylar, formerly an enemy to the resistance despite being sympathetic, join forces with the resistance to stop the Kulku. Using an observatory\'s telescope as a modified version of Chase\'s weapon, the resistance prepares to use the weapon to destroy the Raeg and save the Earth, but a traitor reveals their plans to Kor, a Kulku sympathetic to humanity\'s plight, but unwilling to sacrifice his own race. Kor lands a strike team at the observatory to stop the resistance and Chase uses the opportunity to board Kor\'s ship and force him to fly him to the Kulku mothership to rescue Heather. There, they discover that Jal has slaughtered the other Kulku and plans to return to the Kulku homeworld a hero with Heather. Jal mortally wounds Kor and battles Chase after he frees Heather. Thanks to a distraction by Heather, Chase gains the upper hand and kills Jal, but they are confronted by a dying Kor who tries to detonate the Raeg in order to save his own species. At the observatory all but two of the Kulku and one of the resistance, Blair are killed. The weapon is finally ready to be fired, but the two remaining Kulku nearly kill Blair before General Skylar and his men show up and finish them off, allowing Blair to fire the weapon and destroy the Raeg at the last moment. Kor\'s wound finally catches up to him and he collapses and Heather finish him off in revenge for what the Kulku did to the people of Earth. Chase manages to fly a Kulku shuttle back to the observatory where the two reunite with Blair and General Skylar. A newsbroadcast at the end reveals that nearly eight million people died as a result of the Kulku invasion and the world is now left to recover while the Kulku presumably die out of the virus on their homeworld.'] ['The time is the early-to-mid-1960s, the height of the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union. An unknown aircraft approaches North America from Europe. American bombers of the Strategic Air Command  are scrambled to their fail safe points near Russia. The bombers have orders not to proceed past their fail safe points without receiving a special attack code. The original "threat" is proven to be innocuous and recall orders are issued. However, due to a technical failure, the attack code is transmitted to Group Six, which consists of six Vindicator supersonic bombers and four escort fighters. Colonel Grady, the head of the group, tries to contact Omaha to verify the fail-safe order , but due to Soviet radar jamming, Grady cannot hear Omaha. Concluding that the attack order and the radar jamming could only mean nuclear war, Grady commands Group Six towards Moscow, their intended destination. At meetings in Omaha, the Pentagon, and in the fallout shelter of the White House, American politicians and scholars debate the implications of the attack. Professor Groteschele, who is loosely based on John von Neumann and Herman Kahn, suggests the United States follow this accidental attack with a full-scale attack to force the Soviets to surrender. The President orders the Air Force to send the four escort fighters after the bombers to shoot down the Vindicators. The attempt is to show that the Vindicator attack is an accident, not a full-scale nuclear assault. After using their afterburners in an attempt to catch the bombers the fighters run out of fuel and crash, dooming the pilots to die of exposure in the Arctic Sea. The fighters fail to destroy any bombers. The President of the United States contacts the Soviet premier and offers assistance in attacking the group. The Soviets decline at first; then they decide to accept help. Meanwhile, the Soviet PVO Strany air defense corps has managed to shoot down two of the six planes. After accepting American help they shoot down two more planes. Two bombers remain on course to Moscow. One is a decoy and carries no bombs. The other carries two 20 megaton devices. General Bogan tells Marshal Nevsky, the Soviet commander, to ignore the decoy plane because it is harmless. Nevsky, who mistrusts Bogan, instead orders his Soviet aircraft to pursue the decoy aircraft. The Russian fighters are then out of position to intercept the final American bomber. The decoy\'s feint guarantees that the remaining bomber can successfully attack. Following the failure, Nevsky collapses. As the bomber approaches Moscow, Colonel Grady opens up the radio to contact SAC to inform them that they are about to make the strike. As a last-minute measure, the Soviets fire a barrage of nuclear-tipped missiles to form a fireball in an attempt to knock the low-flying Vindicator out of the sky. The bomber shoots up two decoy missiles, which successfully leads the Soviet missiles high in the air and Colonel Grady\'s plane survives. With the radio open, the President attempts to persuade Grady that there is no war. Grady\'s son also attempts to convince him.  Understanding orders that such a late recall attempt must be a Soviet trick, Grady ignores them. Grady tells his crew that "We\'re not just walking wounded, we\'re walking dead men," due to radiation from the Soviet missiles. He intends to fly the aircraft over Moscow and detonate the bombs in the plane. His co-pilot notes, "There\'s nothing to go home to." Meanwhile, the American president has ordered another American bomber to circle over New York City with 40-megaton payload, which should be dropped in case of the bombing of Moscow. The American ambassador in Moscow reports about the final moments of the Russian capital before being evaporated from the blast. The American bomber receives an order to drop its bombs over New York City in order for the destruction of Moscow to be vindicated and a Third World War avoided. It was earlier revealed that the American President\'s wife was in New York while the events of the film transpired, meaning she would be killed in the blast. The pilot of the American bomber, General Black , commits suicide with a lethal injection before hitting the target, knowing that his oblivious wife and little daughter are also down there.'] ['In a prologue set in 1976, American epidemiologist Don Francis arrives in a village on the banks of the Ebola River in Zaire and discovers many of the residents and the doctor working with them have died from a mysterious illness later identified as Ebola hemorrhagic fever. It is his first exposure to such an epidemic, and the images of the dead he helps cremate will haunt him when he later becomes involved with HIV and AIDS research at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In 1981, Francis becomes aware of a growing number of deaths from unexplained sources among gay men in Los Angeles, New York City and San Francisco, and is prompted to begin an in-depth investigation of the possible causes. Working with no money, limited space, and outdated equipment, he comes in contact with politicians, numerous members of the medical community , and gay activists. Of the latter, some such as Bill Kraus support him, while others express resentment at what they see as unwanted interference in their lifestyles, especially in his attempts to close the local bathhouses. While Francis pursues his theory that AIDS is caused by a sexually transmitted virus on the model of feline leukemia, he finds his efforts are stonewalled by the CDC, which is loath to prove the disease is transmitted through blood, and competing French and American scientists, particularly Dr. Robert Gallo. These medical researchers squabble about who should receive credit for discovering the virus. Meanwhile, the death toll climbs rapidly.'] ['In the midst of war in Afghanistan, Cody Cullen ([[John Newton  is touched by a Christmas card sent by Faith Spelman  from the small, picturesque town of Nevada City, California. As months pass, the card never leaves his side, giving him the strength to survive and setting him on a mission to find her.'] ["Darcy Palmer  is a promising young artist. On the night before her wedding, she empties her fiancé's bank account and runs to New York. On the way, she meets Brianne Dwyer , a young woman who is on her way to her first year in college. Darcy murders Brianne and assumes her identity, enrolling in college in Brianne's place. Mary Lambert directs."] ['Odysseus , the king of the ancient Greek kingdom of Ithaca, is called to service in the Trojan War right after the birth of his son Telemachus much to the dismay of his wife Queen Penelope . Odysseus is worried that he may not return, and tells Penelope that she should remarry by the time Telemachus is a man if he does not return. The war winds up lasting a whopping ten years, during which Greece\'s best soldier, Achilles , is killed and they avenge him by using a giant horse to sneak inside to destroy the city of Troy. Laocoön  tries to warn the Trojans of a vision revolving around this, but is suddenly devoured by a sea monster. On the way back, Odysseus\' ego gets the best of him and he tells the Gods that he did it himself, which angers Poseidon  to the point where he promises to make his journey home to Penelope nearly impossible even mentioning that he was the one who sent that sea monster to devour Laocoön. However, Odysseus is smart and quick, and may end up getting home after all. First, they wind up on an island dominated by gigantic one-eyed beasts. The cyclops named Polyphemus  traps them in his cave intending to eat them, but Odysseus gets him drunk on wine, causing him to pass out. Then, he sharpens a tree branch into a stake and blinds the cyclops, allowing them to escape by hiding under sheep skins when he removes the heavy stone door. Polyphemus screams for help, but Odysseus had tricked him stating that his name was "Nobody", so the cyclops is shouting that nobody has tricked him, arousing no suspicion. Odysseus and his men escape, but Odysseus taunts the Cyclops who asks his father Poseidon to avenge him. This ends up making Odysseus\' journey home harder. Odysseus ends up on an island where King Aeolus  ends up providing him with a bag of wind to help him home and to open it when he gets close to Ithaca. One of his men opens it prematurely blowing them off course. Next, they wind up on the island of Circe , a beautiful witch who turns his men into animals and blackmails him into sleeping with her. Of course Odysseus gets a heads up about Circe\'s magic from Hermes . She tells him that the Underworld is where to go next, and only then does Odysseus realize that he has actually been tricked by Circe, who put a spell on him so he actually stayed on the island for five years. Odysseus digs his ship out of the sand and tide and sails to the Underworld where Tiresias  torments him, recognizing his courage and wit, but criticizing his ego and foolishness. After Odysseus throws a goat into the River Styx, Tiresias tells Odysseus on how to get home with one of the obstacles being an isle where Scylla and Charybdis lives. As he is running in terror from the underworld, he finds that his mother Anticlea  has committed suicide because Odysseus was away for so long. She informs him that there are multiple suitors planning to marry Penelope for her money and power. Odysseus\' boat ends up near the isle of Scylla and Charybdis. Scylla\'s six snake heads wreak havoc on the crew, killing many, everyone but Odysseus is killed when Charybdis creates a whirlpool and destroys his ship. Odysseus ends up on the island where Calypso  lives and ends up stuck there for years. Meanwhile, Odysseus\' now 15-year-old son Telemachus  tries to find his father and is told by Athena  to seek out one of his fellow comrades that fought with him. When Telemachus does find one of Odysseus\' comrades, he learns that they don\'t know what happened to Odysseus. When it comes to the latest year, Hermes arrives ends up telling Calypso to release Odysseus and she provides him with a raft to get to Ithica. Another storm causes problems for Odysseus as he shouts toward Poseidon. Poseidon ends up reminding Odysseus about what he said the day he left Troy. The next morning, Odysseus washes ashore and is found by some Phaeacians girls. With help from Phaeacian King Alcinous , they help Odysseus back to Ithica. They deliver him at night while he is fast asleep, to a hidden harbor on Ithaca. Upon awakening the next morning, he finds himself on Ithica where he ends up reuniting with Telemachus. Using a peasant disguise provided by Athena, Odysseus meets up with Penelope where she decides to hold a contest which involves the person who can string Odysseus\' bow. After Odysseus wins the contest, Athena sheds his disguise and Odysseus is assisted by Telemachus into slaying the suitors. Once the suitors are dead, Odysseus reunites with Penelope.'] ['Mia Sampson , an unpopular girl, is approached at the mall one day to become a model. Even though she thinks modeling is shallow, she thinks it will be a better way to earn money than working for a sushi restaurant and goes to the agency. She poses for photographs which are to be displayed on an Internet website for "members only," supposedly so she can be scouted for other modeling jobs. As Mia\'s membership begins to go up, she begins feeling uncomfortable and also receives disturbing messages from a subscriber known as Gabriel. However, she continues to take shots and even participates in live video chats with the gentlemen of the site. Too late, Mia realizes that she is working for a pornography site and goes to a group called webwatch to uncover the operation. However, since the agency isn\'t doing anything illegal, the police can\'t do anything. Mia is disgusted and even though she has earned over 30,000 dollars, she quits. Her boss, however, still has full legal rights to her photos and tells her he will keep the website up, as she is the site\'s most popular "model." He does offer, though, to take down the site if Mia will do a 15 minute live web show whose clients have offered a lot of money to see. Mia accepts, as a man at the webwatch station has told her that it will be the evidence the police need to take down the operation. Mia begins the show, but when the police don\'t show up she cannot bear to finish the show and runs to the webwatch station. The man at the webwatch station is enraged that she didn\'t finish; he is Gabriel. He tries to force her to finish the show for him privately while he records it, but Mia tries to escape. Luckily, Mia\'s mom and boyfriend show up as he is attacking her. The film ends with Mia working at a fast food restaurant, her safety restored, the "agency" shut down, and Gabriel behind bars. However, the ending shot shows a teenage boy going through old photos that Mia had done that are still online - proving what her boss stated earlier in the film to her that, whether she quits or not, the girl she became will always be out there.'] ["'Taru'  and Taru's father or little brother 'Tagor' going on a car by forest side road. Unfortunately, a young man 'Rahossa Manob' ([[Riaz  with a guiter wide two hand in the middle of the road. Taru's car driver get do hard break to save the man, but it was impossible. So, already been face a small accident. Taru's father getup Rahossa Manob in there car and takes home. Rahossa Manob in the mean time good-feel, Taru's father sent him some money with his servant 'Mobarak' . But Mobarak trough him a rickshaw and 100 money. Sometime later Rahossa Manob come back Taru's home. Taru don't like him but Tagor too much like him also love. Taru's love with 'Shafiq Ahmed' . And Taru take the decision to get married, he can wait for find a good job. Taru's aunt  blocked a room and leg lock the chain, because she is a mentally ill. One day, Taru's aunt breaks out of the room and goes to hit is Togor's Teacher or she run for save. A time Rahossa Manob called Taru's aunt as listen and Taru's aunt stand-up to his face to face or he has be cool-down and OK. Rahossa Manob discussed an idea with Taru's father as his sister's doing the free and says he was full normal. She can sure her brother all ways run true."] ['Jack and Audrey Landry are a middle-aged couple with three daughters: Nora, Terry, and Dahlia . The eldest, Nora, is a supermodel based in Italy, who rarely comes home. Terry, the second daughter, is an independent business woman who lives with her boyfriend Bryan. Dahlia, the youngest, lives at home with her parents still, and changes her "look" often. In addition to the happy family, Nora\'s ex-boyfriend Sam works for Jack and is very close with the family as well. Their peaceful lives are disrupted when Nora breaks her leg in a car accident while on location in Italy, and returns home to recover. Terry discovers that her boyfriend Bryan has been cheating on her and promptly moves back in with her parents. For the first time in several years, all of the girls are back under the Landrys\' roof. Shortly after a handsome Italian man by the name of Guillermo arrives at the Landry residence and introduces himself as Nora\'s boyfriend. Guillermo explains that he has come to ask Jack and Audrey for Nora\'s hand in marriage, Jack and Audrey agree and Nora accepts Guillermo\'s proposal. Audrey, Nora, Terry and Dolly quickly consume themselves in wedding plans while a unenthusiastic Jack watches the rising expenses. Terry finds out that she has lost her job, but a handsome co-worker, Lyle, who has also been laid off, invites her to join a start up marketing a technology he\'s developed. At first feelings between the two are only friendly, but soon evolve into romance. When Terry receives a bouquet from Bryan begging her to come back to him, Lyle realizes how he truly feels about Terry and spontaneously asks her to marry him. Terry accepts, and suddenly the Landrys become "a two wedding family." Jack has lunch with Lyle and explains that weddings cause a great deal of stress to the brides family, to which Lyle suggests that the solution lies in both weddings happening on the same day. To Jack\'s surprise, Nora and Terry agree. The plans, which had already been laid out, are now in upheaval. If this was not enough, Dolly and Sam realise that they had been falling in love with each other for years and soon decide to get married as well. And so Jack and Audrey get ready to give away all their daughters on the same day. Finally the wedding day arrives and numerous things start to go wrong, the priest goes missing, the cakes are destroyed and Jack gets locked on the balcony. However eventually Nora, Terry and Dolly get married!'] ["Roy Applewood , after fainting on the night of his 25th anniversary, shocks his wife Irma  by revealing that he suffers from gender identity disorder and plans to transition into a woman and be renamed Ruth. While Ruth tries to keep the family together, Irma's initial reaction is to separate from her. Patty Ann , their daughter, is more accepting, but Wayne , their son, struggles with the transition. Ruth faces ostracism at church and at work. She finds understanding from her boss but not from her minister. In the end, Irma discovers that love transcends gender and the family survives."] ['When the war ends, the cavalry unit commanded by Graff makes the decision to stay together, and turn outlaw. They begin committing bank robberies, and are successful due to their experience and tactics. Local citizens and lawmen are no match for them. However, when a robbery goes horribly wrong, resulting in the unit being shot up badly, with Loomis  badly wounded, they find themselves pursued by Marshal Sharp, who is respected and feared, as well as being diligent and honest and extremely capable. Graff makes the command decision to kill the injured Loomis so that he won\'t delay their escape. Eustis objects, and when Graff slaps Eustis then moves to shoot Loomis, Eustis instead shoots Graff. Graff falls out of his saddle and rolls down a hillside, and thinking he is dead, Eustis now takes command and leads the band toward Mexico, with the posse still in pursuit. Potts  initially challenges Eustis as a commander, but Eustis beats him in a fist fight. Marshal Sharp and his posse come upon the slightly wounded Graff, and take him prisoner. With Graff in chains, the posse continues their pursuit. Eustis sets up an ambush and several posse members are killed. During the chaos Graff kills Marshal Sharp. Now leaderless, the posse decides to return home, but banker McClintock demands they continue the chase. Graff makes the posse members an offer of part of the loot taken by his former gang, if they help him track them down. They accept this more generous offer. With Graff now leading the posse, the posse sets up an ambush. Graff shoots and kills Philo  and wounds Loomis, then shoots parts of Loomis\' body off, until Eustis shoots and kill Loomis to put him out of his misery. When posse members attempt to cut off Philo\'s trigger finger as a trophy, Graff tells them he will kill them if they do, as Philo was one of "his men", showing that he respected and cared for his former soldiers. Later, Graff encounters members of the gang, almost like a ghost, keeping them nervous and frightened. Wills  steals the stolen money and leaves it in front of the posse, hoping they will stop the chase. Graff kills McClintock, throwing his body and the money off a cliff. He stages a shootout with the outlaws, and tells the posse it had been a trap. Wills loses his horse, and Eustis decides it is necessary to leave him behind. On foot, Wills waits for the posse, killing a couple of them before being killed. Lovecraft encounters Graff, who gives him extra ammunition and tells him he\'ll be spared if he kills Eustis. When Eustis gives Lovecraft ammunition to fill his pistol, he finds that Lovecraft already has a full chamber. Eustis, knowing that Lovecraft did not have a full six rounds left, realizes that Lovecraft has betrayed him. However, when Eustis presses for Lovecraft to do what Graff sent him to do, Lovecraft is overwhelmed with fear and guilt, and commits suicide. There are only two gang members left, Eustis and Potts. They make for the Rio Grande River, but Potts is shot through the gut by Graff. With Potts dead, Eustis, now alone, makes a final stand against the posse. He kills all of them except for Graff. The two draw, and Eustis is faster, but his gun is empty. As Graff approaches, Eustis shoots him with a pocket derringer, which Graff hadn\'t counted on. Eustis crosses into Mexico, the last outlaw.'] ['The now retired from his position as Marshal Matt Dillon is at his ranch enjoying the wedding of his daughter when they come to arrest for the murder of a man. Assuming that only confused him with another man, Dillon accompanying the officer, but he realizes that there is a reward of five thousand dollars for his head.'] ["Once Upon a Time a young girl was born from a drop of blood in a flutter of apple blossoms, framed in ebony. The young girl named Snow White  becomes the blessing of a loving peasant couple, John ([[Tom Irwin  and Josephine . But with her birth comes the end of her mother's life. Left alone with an infant daughter, John braves a brutal winter in search for food for his starving child. Salvation comes unexpectedly when the father's tears melt the frozen tomb of a bewitched djinn, the Granter of Wishes . In thanks, the insinuating being grants John three wishes: nourishment for Snow White, a kingdom in which to raise his daughter and a queen by his side,  But John's cause for celebration is short lived. At the same time, seven dwarves are in the forest, looking for their friends, the gnomes. Deciding to look for them by splitting up, the leader, Sunday, finds them all petrified in an old crone's garden, in trying to free them, he ends up petrified himself. Meanwhile, the Granter of Wishes has devious plans for the well being of his own family. Owing his loathsome spell-casting sister, Elspeth , a long awaited wish, he encourages her desires for appointment to the throne, using a magical mirror he transforms her from an old crone into a young beautiful woman. Knowing that John will not accept another woman to replace his much loved wife willingly, the Granter of Wishes orders Elspeth to shatter the mirror. The mirror's pieces fall from the sky over the palace gardens where John is showing the infant Snow White some beautiful red roses that smell like her mother. A fragment of the mirror gets stuck in John's left eye while another is embedded in his heart, a large fragment of the mirror is left behind which Elspeth keeps to harness her magical powers. The two fragments of mirror bewitch John when he sees Elspeth causing him to fall in love with her, subsequently, ignoring Snow White. Sixteen years later, Snow White grows in grace and beauty, at this time Prince Alfred is visiting their kingdom when he sees Snow White he falls in love with her. He spends most of his visit trying to gain her affection and attention. She, however, pushes him away every time. Throughout the sixteen years Elspeth has become more and more vain, determined to be the most beautiful creature there is. Keeping her last fragment of magic mirror in a private room full of other magical mirrors, she daily asks them who the fairest of them all is. In answer the fairest one's image leans out of the mirrors to reply in their voice. This greatly entertains Elspeth as it has always been her own image who answers her,'You are, you are. You are the fairest of them all.' Elspeth grows tired of John and desires a new younger husband, the mirror fragment in John's eye falls out and his feelings towards Elspeth weaken. Without the mirror fragments in his eye and heart John realizes that he has neglected Snow White and stands by the red roses inhaling deeply, hinting that he remembers his great love for Snow White's mother, Josephine. Catching the mirror fragment from John's eye, and having taken out the fragment in John's heart, Elspeth sets out to place them both into Prince Alfred however the heart fragment is shattered accidentally by the Prince who is distracted by Snow White finally showing some affection to him. The eye fragment instead falls into the eye of a servant called Hector, furious Elspeth returns to her mirror room. Timidly she asks who is fairest, to which Snow White's image leans out of the mirror and replies in Snow White's voice,'Not you, not you, not you. I am, I am, I am the fairest of them all'. The Queen falls to the floor in a fit of panic, anger and rage. Hector comes to her, in a state of mad longing and offers himself to do whatever she asks. The Prince searches for Snow White and finds her walking in the gardens and declares his love for her, telling her that she is beautiful. Snow White pushes his feelings away saying that being beautiful has nothing to do with love and that the outer appearance of a person has nothing to do with what they are like on the inside, such as being kind, gentle and caring. However she does try to answers his feelings with a kiss. Hector arrives with orders from Elspeth to kill Snow White and bring back her heart, with the lie that he is going to his traps to kill a rabbit for Elspeth's breakfast, Hector lures Snow White , away from the Prince. While Snow White kneels to free the rabbits, Hector raises his knife but her innocence stops him from killing Snow White, and in shedding a tear, the fragment of mirror in his eye is lost forever. Realizing that he cannot take her life Hector warns Snow White of Elspeth's jealously and she runs terrified into the forest. Hector kills a nearby boar and cuts its heart out telling Elspeth that it is the heart of Snow White. In delight Elspeth cooks the heart and eats it for breakfast and even tries to coax John to eat some too, but he is too distraught over the disappearance of his beloved daughter, and searches the grounds. Prince Alfred is alone searching for Snow White, Elspeth finds him and tries to seduce him, but he runs away and she transforms him into a bear in a fit of rage. But while doing so, her magic mirror's light reflects onto Sunday , and half of him is returned to normal, while the other half remains petrified. He flees to find his family,  Upon searching for Snow White, John, looking in Elspeth's mirror room, ends up trapped behind a mirror; Elspeth refuses to free him. In asking her mirrors who is the fairest of them all, Elspeth finds out that she was tricked. In a fit of rage and hatred, she kills Hector. Using the mirror, she flies to the forest where she previously saw Snow White, and drops a beautiful silken sash in her path. Snow White sees, and tries it on. The sash then wraps itself tightly around Snow White's waist, and causes her to pass out from suffocation. Sunday finds her and cuts the sash, causing Snow White to wake up with several deep, wheezing breaths. Snow White sees Sunday, and faints again from shock. And when she wakes up again, she is in the house of the seven dwarves. After a while she agrees to stay, but wants to get back to her home to find her father, free her prince, and stop the Queen. The dwarves agree to do so, but refuse to let her go with them. Finding out she failed to kill Snow White, Elspeth tricks Snow White into eating a poisoned apple, Elspeth magically disguises herself in a way that resembles Snow White's deceased mother, Josephine, and eventually makes her fall asleep. Back at the palace, the mirror now says that Josephine is the fairest of them all, smug and confident that that will not be the same answer when she is back to her beautiful self, Elspeth transforms herself, but instead of her beautiful young body, she has become once again the ugly old hag she used to be before her brother turned her into a queen. The Granter of Wishes returns and she hopes that he will make her beautiful again, but he says that because of what her vanity led her to do she cannot have her beauty restored. He also explains that Snow White only was a threat because Elspeth saw her as such, and the dangers of envy. In a tantrum, Elspeth destroys her magic mirror, the source of her magic powers, by throwing it at her brother, who dodges the blow. By destroying her source of magic, all of her spells undo themselves,  Eventually the angry gnomes find Elspeth. She threatens to destroy them if they don't leave her alone, but she is powerless and they eventually kill her by strangling her. Eventually the Prince finds Snow White and wakes her up with a kiss,  and the dwarves, upon realizing it was the end of this story, decide to move onto Sleeping Beauty. And they all live happily ever after."] ["In Inniston, Marc Hall  is popular and his sexuality relatively well-accepted by his classmates and later his parents. But when he decides to take his boyfriend to the prom as his date, he finds he has stepped over the line straight into the fight of his young life and sends ripples though Canada's media. From just an ordinary teenager, he becomes an icon for LGBT rights across the nation when he discovers he is battling discrimination to date whoever he wants within the spotlight of the nation's media cast center on his struggle,"] ['Pretty, popular and athletic Aly has been banking on a softball scholarship as her ticket to college. She has an active life and never seems to sit still. When she injures her knee, she realises that she will have to fund her education in other ways. She resents her mother because a few years ago, her mother became ill as a consequence binge eating and used the money from her daughter\'s college fund in order to pay her hospital bill. Aly is overly critical of her family\'s high-fat diet. She even refuses to eat a cake that her mother purchased for her. Aly enters a documentary film contest in hopes of using the prize money in order to fund her further education. Convinced that her overweight younger brother and mother use their struggles with weight as an excuse for everything wrong in their lives, Aly decides to take a summer course wearing a fat suit and hidden camera to prove personality can outshine physical appearance. But this high schooler has no idea how harsh the world can be through a "fat" girl\'s eyes. Aly soon realises how difficult the world can be for someone who is overweight. During her course, she is shunned by other students, despite her resolve to be kind and not to alter her personality. She meets Ramona, who is overweight and taking the same class as Aly. Ramona shares aspects of her personal life with her new friend and feels betrayed when Aly uses Ramona\'s words as part of her documentary.'] ["The film begins when a couple disappear while having a romantic night out on a yacht near the Pacific Northwest resort community, Grave's Point. The next day, local fisherman Whip Dalton  finds the empty lifeboat from the missing yacht and finds a large claw stuck into the boat. Whip sends the claw to a university to be analyzed and it ends up in the hands of marine biologist Dr. Herbert Talley , who comes to Grave’s Point claiming it is from the tentacle of a Giant squid. The island harbor master Schuyler Graves  tries to hire Whip to kill the squid, but he refuses, so Graves sends out Lucas Coven  instead. Coven succeeds in slaying the squid and the carcass is promptly sold by Graves to Sea Land Texas owner Osborne Manning . Dr. Talley then organizes a submersible expedition to explore the squid’s habitat. But after analyzing the carcass of the dead squid, the scientists determine it is just a baby. The information comes too late and the huge adult squid attacks the submersible and everyone on board is killed. Whip then agrees to go out and hunt the giant squid but only if he can use his boat and Graves goes with him. He is also accompanied by coast guard officer, Lt. Kathryn Marcus , Dr. Talley, and Manning. They plan to snare the squid, reel it in, and shoot it multiple times with darts full of cyanide. The plan succeeds and the squid appears dead. But when the ship’s engine breaks down, Manning reveals that he filled the darts with tranquilizer instead of cyanide so he could take the squid alive back to Sea Land. Whip tries to cut the squid loose, but it wakes up and attacks the ship. Talley, Graves, and Manning are killed. A coast guard helicopter arrives in time to pick up Kathryn and Whip. As he boards the chopper, Whip fends the squid off with an axe, chopping open several extra fuel drums and having Kathryn use a flare gun to light his boat on fire, causing an explosion that finally incinerates and kills the giant squid. The helicopter flies them back to the shore where they reunite with Whip's daughter Dana ."] ['{{Plot|section|datePrologueThe DivorceThe MurderThe InvestigationArrest and TrialEpilogue The end of the film is followed by an epilogue outlining the sentences faced by the conspirators: SHANNON JOHNSON is found guilty of perjury, and receives an eighty-day jail sentence along with two years probation. JOSHUA YANKE pleaded guilty to second-degree intentional homicide and is sentenced to eighteen years in prison. MICHAEL MALDONADO is found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. He will not be eligible for parole until he has served fifty years of his sentence. DOUGLAS VEST JR. is found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. He will not be eligible for parole until he has served twenty-five years of his sentence. DIANE BORCHARDT is found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison, and will not be eligible for parole until she has served 45 years of her sentence, by that time being no less than eighty-six years of age.'] ['The film largely tells the story of the expedition itself, but occasionally flashes to the present where the members of expedition are giving evidence in a military court. The enquiry is to determine which members were at fault for the failure of the expedition, meaning that the story is told in flashback as the men remember it. Initially, the soldiers are shown training while a voiceover by expedition leader Lt. Col. Robert Niell  tells us that there will be five British Army soldiers, two Territorial Army soldiers and three Hong Kong Chinese soldiers on the expedition. When the expedition starts, it becomes clear that the level of fitness among its members varies greatly. Lance Corporal Richard Mayfield , who is also the technical advisor on the expedition, expresses serious concern about the group\'s ability as a whole. Later that night, Niell feels that it is an appropriate time to "discuss things". Sergeant Bob Mann  suggests that the fitter members of the team continue on with the expedition as planned while the weaker members climb back down the mountain, drive to a village at the other end of the valley and work their way back up the river as a support group. Niell rejects the plan, leading to a confrontation between him and Mayfield. The next day, Corporal Hugh Brittan , Mayfield, Lance Corporal Steve Page  and Lance Corporal Peter Shearer  make a head start. Brittan, now the most senior of the four soldiers, says that Niell wanted to use the morning as a resting period for the others. By nightfall, only Mann has caught up with the advance party. He explains that the rear party, now consisting of the supposed leaders of the expedition and three inexperienced Chinese soldiers, have already set up camp further down the mountain. Once again, Mayfield expresses serious concern, saying that "it\'s taken them fifteen hours to do a journey that took us three and they\'re still not here." He also highlighted how the rations had been carefully planned and wouldn\'t last if there were any more delays. The next morning, Mayfield quickly climbs back down the mountain to where Niell, Major Ron Foster  and the three Chinese soldiers are camped in order to get permission from Niell to abseil into Low\'s Gully . Niell agrees, but tells him to wait at the bottom. Mayfield protests, saying that he can only wait for a limited time. Exactly what happened in this conversation is left unclear. When Mayfield gets back to the top, Shearer makes it clear that he feels the advance party should wait. As the senior NCO, Brittan decides that if Mayfield wishes to abseil without the rear party, then they shouldn\'t wait. After abseiling down, the advance party decide not to wait for their own safety and on the assumption that the rear party will not be able to abseil down. Shearer looks up at the cliff face with binoculars and finds the others but it isn\'t clear if they are moving up or down. Once again, he makes it clear that he wants them to wait but Mayfield claims that they must be going back up while Brittan says that "if they are coming down, we waste at least two days waiting for them to catch up. If they\'re going up, we waste if for nothing. I don\'t think we can take the risk." Neill and Foster manage to get the Chinese soldiers down and into the gully, but find that the others haven\'t waited. Brittan leaves them a note saying \'The advance party wishes you a pleasant jorney. Keep smiling!\' This angers Neill and Foster. Tensions are also rising in the advance party, especially between Shearer and Brittan. During an abseil, the rope becomes loose, causing Shearer to fall and badly injure his head. Fortunately, his legs aren\'t broken, meaning he can still walk. Nonetheless, the accident affects his strength and ability to continue. Mann also has an accident; when struggling through the undergrowth, he slips and badly cuts his hand on his machete. The cut becomes infected and starts to smell like "rotting meat". All members are becoming psychologically affected by the ordeal, something that isn\'t aided by the shortage of food. By this point, Neill and his party have realised that they are trapped in the gully without Mayfeild\'s technical expertise. They cannot continue without him, nor can they climb back up. They were running out of food and could only hope that someone had raised an alarm and was looking for them. However, Lance Corporal Yiu Keung \'Kevin\' Cheung had been secretly conserving food in case of an emergency and gave some to Neill and Fostor. Meanwhile, one morning Mayfield and Mann go on ahead but are told by Brittan to wait if they come to a fork in the track. When the other three reached a fork, they weren\'t to be seen. Mayfeild and Mann claimed to never to have seen a fork in the track. Eventually, after much climbing, Brittan, Shearer and Paige reach the river and eventually make their way out of the valley, exhausted and hungry but glad to be alive. After ensuring that Shearer  was in hospital, Brittan and Page arrived at the hotel only to find that nobody else had booked in. Back in the jungle, Mann is on the verge of a breakdown. Having recorded most of the ordeal on his video camera, he makes a goodbye message to his son Robert  in a very emotional scene. Soon after Mayfeild finds Mann lying on the floor on the verge of giving up, telling him that he has found a way out. The two men emerge into a village where they are given food and water. A elderly woman treats Mann\'s infected wound with a traditional herbal medicine which appears to completely and instantly cure it. After they have been driven into town, Mayfield and Mann meet with Brittan and Page. Page angrily accuses them of abandoning an injured man "because you thought he\'d hold you back". After Page leaves, Brittan explains to them that Neill had led his party into the gully after all and was now trapped in there. Nobody had raised the alarm however, as nobody knew they missing. Neill hadn\'t even given a finishing date to the authorities. Brittan remembered that Neill had planned to stay close to the river throughout the expedition and advised the search and rescue teams of this. By flying the helicopter low and examining the river, the rear party are eventually found. Back in the present, Neill openly accuses Brittan and Mayfeild of condemning him to a "slow death by starvation". Mayfeild counters this by saying Neill shouldn\'t have brought along the Chinese soldiers. Brittan stated that he made the right decision but for the wrong reasons: had he waited for them they\'d all have become trapped and no one would have looked for them, resulting in all their deaths. However, he didn\'t know this when he made the decision. The film concludes by stating that Neill and Foster were severely criticised and that their leadership had been "flawed and over-ambitious". Meanwhile, Corporal Brittan, Lance Corporal Mayfeild and Lance Corporal Yiu Keung \'Kevin\' Cheung all received commendations for their actions during the ordeal.'] ['As a young boy, future emperor Nero witnesses the mad Emperor Caligula kill his father and exile his mother. While in exile in the pontine islands, Agrippina, his mother, sees a vision telling her that her son can become emperor, but she will have to die first. She accepts the proposal. Back in Rome, Nero, now being raised by emperor Claudius after Caligula\'s death, Agrippina returns. She poisons Claudius\' food and Nero becomes emperor. At first, Nero cuts taxes and introduces successful programs and invades Brittania. Soon he meets a beautiful slave named Claudia Acte, and marries her, throwing off his engagement with Claudius\' daughter, Claudia Octavia, telling her she can marry someone she will be happy with. Heartbroken, she arrives at an island and kills herself. Nero enjoys being married to Claudia Octavia, but soon he gradually goes mad with power and sets fire to Rome. He divorces Acte, and forces the citizens to watch hour long recitals, and at one of these, accidentally kills his new pregnant wife, Poppaea Sabina. He kills several members of the senate and orders his mother to be stabbed, where she says: "Strike the womb, for that is what bore him." Nero\'s madness soon causes a riot, causing himself to flee the city in disguise, and slit his wrists under the saddened embrace of Claudia Acte, his once passionate lover. The movie in many ways tries to show Nero as a good soul gone mad, beginning as a brilliant young prince enduring injustice, then hailed enthusiastically at the beginning of his reign, implementing much-needed reforms and enjoying immense popularity. Half the film concentrates on Nero\'s teenage years and his love life with Acte.'] ["The film revolves around Jack Ryan  and Jennifer , a rich couple who are yachting in the Caribbean during Christmas. One of their crew is the handsome Manuel , who is cursed by his angry ex-girlfriend as he prepares to leave on the yacht. He is clearly bothered and has a difficult time fulfilling requests for the crew and guests. After the captain confronts him, Manuel quits and throws down a rag as he storms out of the galley. The rag lands on a gas flame and causes the entire yacht to catch fire. The captain is unable to control the blaze with a fire extinguisher so they abandon ship. Their lifeboats are capsized by a storm later that night and everyone becomes separated. Washing up on a deserted island, Jennifer is completely alone until she sees the body of the captain in the water. As she attempts to resuscitate him, Manuel appears and also unsuccessfully tries to revive the man. They bury the captain and, under Manuel's guidance, set out to build a shelter and find food. Eventually, Jack also turns up on the island. Although things go smoothly for a little while, Jack eventually suspects Manuel of having designs on his wife and declares the man his enemy, promising to ruin his life once they get off the island. Manuel responds that Jack had better get home soon, because he can ruin Jack's life right there on the island. This puts Jennifer in the uncomfortable position of her loyalty to Jack conflicting with the realization that they both need Manuel's help to survive. A proud man, Jack insists that he can provide for them both, but it quickly becomes apparent that he cannot. Jack and Jennifer's relationship also starts quickly deteriorating. Jack steals Manuel's goggles to go fishing one day and when Manuel discovers this, he threatens to kill Jack. Jennifer attempts to get him to calm down and, in a fit of passion, they have sex. Afterwards, Manuel reveals that he has loved Jennifer from the moment he first saw her, but it is also clear that this is a way for him to hurt Jack. When Jack returns, Jennifer accidentally hints at him what had happened and Jack furiously rejects her. He breaks up with her and drags her by the hair to Manuel's hut so she can live with him. While fishing another day, Jack finds a boat on the ocean floor. He drags it to shore and attempts to repair it. Later, Manuel proposes Jennifer a midnight swim and as they started having sex, Jennifer gives Manuel the idea of stealing the boat so they can get away together from the island.They plan to do so while Jack is out fishing however they do not get far before the boat begins to sink, and they realize that Jack's plan all along was for them to take the boat and drown. They are forced to swim back to the island and to Jack, who attacks the now-exhausted Manuel with a spear. An intense fight sequence ensues, interwoven with scenes of Manuel's ex-girlfriend performing a voodoo ceremony. The scene climaxes when Jennifer pins Jack to the ground, attempting to kill him with his own knife. Manuel, with Jack's spear stuck in his back, picks up a heavy rock with which to crush Jack. He loses his balance and falls backward, impaling himself on the spear, to Jennifer's horror. Simultaneously, the voodoo girl impales his effigy on a spike. One year later, a yachting family drops anchor near the island and explores it, discovering Jennifer asleep in her hut. She, still somewhat distraught over Manuel's death, leaves with them, but does not mention that her husband is also on the island. Jack, who is fishing, sees her leaving on the yacht and calls out, but Jennifer ignores him out of revenge and the family inside the boat cannot hear him. Jack is abandoned on the island and his eventual fate is left ambiguous. This film combines elements of love triangle stories and desert-island survivor-type movies."] [":The film is structured around ten acts with a prologue and epilogue. It opens with the camera on Marianne standing by a table covered with photographs. It is a well-lit room, and she addresses the viewer. She picks one picture up after another; they are in no particular order, being just heaped all over the table. Some make her smile, or elicit a comment or a sigh. But then she picks up a photograph of her husband, prompting her to reminisce about how they had been more or less happy, and how they'd broken up. She goes on to recall how his second marriage failed, while she was already married to a second husband herself, and then when her second husband died , she reflects that it would be nice to see her first husband again. Marianne travels into the country to the home of her ex-husband, and father of her daughters Martha and Sara, Johan. Johan is undergoing a family crisis with his insolvent and needy son, Henrik, and granddaughter, Karin. Karin is 19, and Henrik asks Johan for an advance on his inheritance so that Henrik can buy Karin an old Fagnola cello, to make a better impression at the audition for the European music conservatory. The elderly Johan decides to consider the offer and to contact the cello dealer himself. While Henrik is away tending to the orchestra he conducts in Uppsala, Johan has a private meeting with Karin, informing her of a proposal from Ivan Chablov, head conductor in the St. Petersburg orchestra and an old friend of Johan, that Karin join him at the prestigious Sibelius Academy in Helsinki. While considering this offer Karin also finds an old letter from her departed mother Anna written to Henrik a week before her death. In the letter, Anna asks Henrik to relieve Karin of the unhealthy control he holds over her as her cello teacher. When Henrik encounters Karin again upon his return from Uppsala, where he no longer holds a position as concertmaster, he attempts to convince Karin into performing a concert of Bach's Cello Suites with him. She finally confronts him about his control over her and tells him of her decision to take an opportunity to study with her friend Emma in Hamburg under Claudio Abbado. The final request by Henrik is that Karin play the sarabande from Bach's 5th Cello Suite, which she already knows. We encounter Marianne and Johan some time later, after Karin has already left for Hamburg. Marianne receives a phone call stating that Henrik has been found in the hospital having attempted suicide with pills and by cutting his wrists and throat. In the next scene a pained Johan suffering from a sort of anxiety attack seeks out Marianne and eventually disrobes along with her and joins her in bed. Next, Marianne is holding a still of the couple in bed and explaining what happened after that episode. She explains how she and Johan had kept in contact until one day she was no longer able to reach him. She thinks again of the departed Anna and recollects a visit to her ill daughter Martha. She explains the contact she shared with her daughter and how she had never really been able to touch her before this moment."] ["Comedic style1995 revival The relative success of the film prompted the development of a short-lived 1995 weekly series on FOX, also titled Get Smart, with Don Adams and Barbara Feldon reprising their characters as their bumbling son, Zach , becomes CONTROL's star agent.  The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach's sexy partner, Agent 66, and Heather Morgan as Max's secretary, Trudy, who is convinced she works for a talent agent."] ["Sir Wilfred Robarts, a famed barrister is released from the hospital, where he stayed for two months following his heart attack. Returning to the practise of his lawyer skills, he takes the case of Leonard Vole, an unemployed man who is accused of murdering an elderly lady friend of his, Mrs. Emily French. While Leonard Vole claims he's innocent, although all evidence points to him as the killer, his alibi witness, his cold German wife Christine, instead of entering the court as a witness for the defense, she becomes the witness for the prosecution and strongly claims her husband is guilty of the murder. Sir Wilfred believes there's something suspicious on the case, especially with Mrs. Vole."] ["The Barry family acquire a new puppy after their old one dies in an accident. They buy the puppy from a seemingly friendly fruit vendor who is actually a satanist who bred the dog during an evil ceremony, causing it to be possessed. They sell the dog to wreak havoc in the hope Satan will overcome good once and for all. The dog acts very strangely when they bring it home, leading the father and the family maid to believe there is something wrong with the dog. The dad believes so after the maid is killed in a fire while she was watching the dog, and the dad being forced to stick his arm into a lawnmower while the dog is present. The father barely avoids having his arm chopped off and soon, the dog begins to exhibit mental control that allows him to kill, injure, or control many victims. Eventually, the family's souls are possessed by the hound causing them to act strangly, including the son framing a student by stealing a watch and planting it in a classmate's locker, allowing him to win the student election. Dad decides the dog has overstayed his welcome when he finds a secret shrine to Satan in the attic. Dad tries to shoot the demonic beast to put an end to the hardships, but it is unharmed. Realizing the dog is is possessed, the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal. Unfortunately, there is no way to kill it, but if you hold a holy symbol to its eye, you can imprison it in Hell for 5,000 years. He takes it to a showdown at his work plant, but there the dog turns into a demon and begins to wreak havoc. When he is cornered by the monster, he holds the sign he made on his hand right up to the beast's eye. This causes the beast to be engulfed in fire and be imprisoned, getting his family's souls back. The final scene shows the family loading the family car for a vacation, and one of the children mentioning there were several more puppies the vendor was selling, suggesting there are more satanic dogs and that it is not over yet."] ['The film begins when a miller, who is poaching deer on lands belonging to the King of England, is detected by a hunting party led by the evil knight Sir Miles Folcanet . The miller flees the hunting party until he runs into a Saxon earl, Robert Hode , and his friend, Will. The miller pleads for help as the Normans arrive and threaten to poke the miller\'s eyes out. Before they can carry out the punishment, Hode  stops them. Folcanet is enraged and demands that Hode be punished by the local Sheriff , Roger Daguerre . Daguerre is Robert\'s friend and initially orders a light punishment, but Hode feels betrayed, insults Daguerre, and is outlawed as a result. He flees into Sherwood Forest, meets John Little and the usual cast of Merry Men, and under the name "Robin Hood" takes up arms and fights against the Norman nobility. Robin also falls for Daguerre\'s niece, Mariane , who is promised to Folcanet, and the climax of the film is an attack on Nottingham Castle to stop the wedding. .'] ['{{plot}} The film starts off with a snowglobe being placed on a mantle the camera then zooms into the snowglobe showing the Parker-Nichols home. Walter ([[Jonathan Goldstein  and Audrey ([[Nancy Sullivan  as they leave for a tropical vacation. Drake  and Megan  return home and Josh  shows them his snowman air balloon decoration. Megan cuts the string, making the snowman glide away leading to Josh running after it. The scene shifts to Drake and Josh going to the Premiere. Drake tells Josh that he will be throwing a Christmas party on the roof of the Premiere, which Josh doesn\'t approve of at first because he is not sure that Helen  would approve. Drake tells him that he has already talked to Helen about it and that its alright as long as she is invited . Helen hands Drake a Santa costume to wear in the mall. Josh is upset because Helen told him that he couldn\'t be Santa . Meanwhile Audrey and Walter make it to their island, which turns out to be a disaster. Back at the mall, Drake makes out with a teenage girl. Josh is annoyed and tries to get their attention eventually yelling "Santa!!" at which point they break and Drake pulls his beard back up and says "And that\'s for being such a good girl". One of the other people, which happens be to an overweight woman who likes Drake, waiting in line for Santa says "I want some of what that girl was having", climbs on Drake, starting to chase him eventually leading him to steal an old ladies electronic wheelchair to flee from her shouting "Santa\'s not looking for a relationship right now!" as he goes. He hides and he meets a little girl named Mary Alice Johansson . She says she and her family want the best Christmas ever. He made a Christmas promise he will do so; but it is said in the film that "you can\'t break a Christmas promise", and Drake doesn\'t realize he will have to give her family the "best Christmas ever". Next they\'re at Drake\'s Christmas Party up on the roof of the Premiere. At the party, Mindy  has to leave to go and visit her grandparents, leaving Josh upset. Crazy Steve  shows up in front of Drake and Josh, and shows them a wood chipper called "Sally" on his cell phone. Craig  and Eric  come and tell Drake that the last song was great and he should perform it in the Christmas parade, but Drake says that the parade is for dorks and losers and that he is going to Las Vegas for Christmas to hear a band play inviting Josh when he gets upset that they won\'t be able to spend Christmas together and Josh becoming even more upset and saying "I don\'t want to spend Christmas Day in a casino". Later on, a few party crashers come to the party, wrecking the tables and food bowls. When Josh calls the police, they inadvertently mistake him for one of the party crashers and arrest him. Not watching Drake, Josh falls off the roof and lands in the back of a pickup truck. The truck drivers drive off with the cops on their tail . When the truck drivers drive around an intersection, Josh is catapulted out, making the cops arrest him and he shouts "There\'s been a terrible mistake!". After Josh is arrested and sent to jail, he meets his prison roommate, Bludge . At first, Bludge tries to beat him up, until Josh entertains Bludge with magic tricks. This makes Bludge change his mind about Josh. However, he says he claims he has to beat him up, so he can protect his reputation in jail. Bludge and Josh bang on the walls with Josh pretending to shout in pain, to get others to believe Josh is getting beat up. Mary Alice brings up a story of how she has a sick foster mom and a busy foster dad. Drake knowing he has to fulfill that promise, attempts to break Josh out to help him. But Drake is caught immediately after, landing both Drake and Josh in trouble. Drake and Josh are sent to court and Helen acts as their lawyer. Helen tells Judge Newman  that Drake has made a promise to Mary Alice that he\'d give her the best Christmas ever. Then the judge says that he won\'t send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise. They meet the cruel and embittered Officer Perry Gilbert ([[David Pressman , who says that he will take a vote from Mary Alice\'s family on Christmas asking them if they had the best Christmas ever. If any of them says no, they must go to jail for a long time. The duo soon meet Mary Alice\'s foster family, which include Lily and Violet , two constantly pounding-on-each-other twins, Zigfee  a foreign guy who speaks an unknown language, Trey , a know-it-all, and Luke  Mary Alice\'s brooding older brother who refuses to join in with everyone else. They find many ways to give Mary Alice\'s family the best Christmas ever, but their attempts are foiled by much interference from Officer Gilbert. Drake and Josh confront Megan, asking her to sabotage Officer Gilbert\'s doings by bribing her with a rare Smith Royal oboe. However, after hearing rumors that the oboe doesn\'t exist, Megan angrily breaks her promise to Drake and Josh and stops messing with Officer Gilbert. Josh goes to visit Officer Gilbert\'s mother and claims he must hate him and Drake somehow for making his life miserable. His mother remarks Officer Gilbert does not hate them; he hates Christmas. Then, she tells Josh how Officer Gilbert always wanted a pet chimpanzee for Christmas when he was eight and how on Christmas morning, a monkey was sitting by the tree in a cage. But when he opened the cage door, the monkey ran out, attacked him, smashed the presents, knocked down the tree, destroyed the ornaments, and urinated on him. He has hated Christmas ever since. Drake and Josh realize that since Christmas was ruined for him, he wants to ruin it for everyone else. At the Christmas parade, Officer Gilbert tricks Crazy Steve  into "reminding" the two in front of Mary Alice that they were only being kind to her so that they wouldn\'t go to prison. Mary Alice and her family leave and threaten to vote "no" when the courthouse asks them to vote, thinking jail as punishment for Drake and Josh for tricking the family . Drake and Josh both decide to keep their promise no matter what. So the duo sends Officer Gilbert a sweet baby chimpanzee named Cookie as a Christmas present, completely changing his personality. Then, they try to use Crazy Steve\'s wood chipper to make it snow in front of Mary Alice\'s house. The wood chipper shoots large chunks of ice through the neighborhood where Mary Alice lives and causes more trouble as it destroys everything and nearly kills Mary Alice and her family. During the disaster, Drake manages to carry Mary Alice out of the way of the flying ice chunks and puts her safely behind a nearby car before returning to help his brother turn off the out-of-control wood chipper. The chipper knocks out Drake and Josh and the now-kind Officer Gilbert and the other officers take them home. The next morning, Officer Gilbert explained to Mary Alice and her family what really happened, and that Drake and Josh weren\'t really trying to use them to stay out of prison. They have Officer Gilbert and the other officers "arrest" them and bring them to the living room, where Mary Alice\'s family and other people surprise them. They then have the vote on whether they all had the best Christmas ever or not, and everyone votes "yes", with Zigfee learning his first ever English word. As they start singing, Josh\'s former cell mate Bludge comes down the chimney, breaking it in the process to deliver gifts to Mary Alice\'s family, including a Smith Royal oboe for Megan, which Drake had previously promised. Mindy arrives too, wanting to learn everything that happened and Crazy Steve gets "Sally" to make snow by using seven thousand pounds of "hard cheese". Drake and Josh\'s parents then arrive home from their troubled vacation at their "bungalow", which is blown away earlier in a tropical storm. Everyone then plays in the blanket of "cheese snow", the film then draws to a close, as everyone has "The Best Christmas Ever".'] ['Marian Fairlie  and Laura Fairlie  are half-sisters . Laura\'s mother died, leaving Laura an inheritance which she will receive when she comes of age. They both live in Limmeridge with their uncle, Mr. Fairlie , who hires a new tutor, Walter Hartright . Marian tells Hartright that she and Laura are very close, agree in everything and refuse to be taught separately. On the night Mr. Hartright arrives at Limmeridge, he bumps into a woman in white. She speaks cryptically, and inquires if he is to stay with the Fairlies. When a carriage arrives, she runs off. Mr. Gilmore, the Fairlies\' attorney, tells him that the woman must have been a villager. When Hartright meets the two sisters, he mistakes Laura for the woman in white because of the strong resemblance. As Mr. Hartright teaches the sisters, he grows especially fond of Laura. However, Marian makes it clear to him that her sister is already engaged to Sir Percival Glyde. Though she senses that something is not quite right, she cannot find fault in Sir Percival, who is kind, attentive, and rich. Laura and Mr. Hartright acknowledge their feelings for each other, but they cannot be together. Marian asks Hartright\'s help in tracking down the woman in white. Hartright agrees to stay outside at night to lure the woman in white. One night, Marian sees a servant girl, rush out from the woods, screaming for help. Right behind her is Mr. Hartright, whom she accuses of trying to rape her.  Hartright is immediately disgraced and sent away, but not before he warns Laura that she is in great danger. Laura ignores him and marries Glyde. When Laura returns from her honeymoon, Marian visits her and plans to stay for a while. However, Laura is not herself and refuses to speak to or even see Marian for four days. After threatening to leave, Laura asks her sister to stay and soon reveals the terrible truth. Despite seeming to be kind, Sir Percival abuses his wife in private. She ultimately reveals that she is afraid her husband will kill her to steal her inheritance. Marian believes her and tells Laura to lock Sir Percival out of her room at night. Glyde\'s foreign friend, Count Fosco, arrives. Before dinner, Laura is pressured into signing a document, but Glyde refuses to let her read it. Fosco, realizing that he must appear to be on her side, tells Glyde to stop trying to force her to sign it. Angered by her defiance, Glyde throws the papers into the fire and storms out. Meanwhile, the woman in white has reappeared; her name is Anne Catherick and she has run away from an asylum. Marian confides in Fosco about a secret meeting with Anne Catherick. The sisters try to help Anne by giving her food and clothing. Anne tells them that Sir Percival has a terrible secret. But before Anne can tell them, Glyde shows up with Fosco and they capture Anne. Anne mistakenly thinks that Marian and Laura betrayed her. Marian and Laura try to escape to Limmeridge, but their plans are foiled by Glyde\'s servant Baxter, who shoots at them as they sprint toward the roads. They run back to the house. Later Marian goes out to the ledge to spy on Count Fosco and Glyde. She overhears them saying that Marian and Laura are to be separated before breakfast. However, Marian accidentally pushes something which crashes off the balcony. They look to see who is there, while Marian jumps from the balcony to the ground and breaks her ankle. She hides in the woods in the rain until they go back to the house. When she returns to her room, she locks the door and sleeps under her bed while telling herself to wake up before breakfast to warn Laura. But Marian develops a fever and goes into delirium. People break into her room and force her to drink something. While ill, she dreams of her sister being drugged and thrown off the tower. She wakes up and Mr. Gilmore informs her that Anne has been placed in an asylum and Laura has committed suicide by jumping off the tower. Unwilling to believe her sister would kill herself, Marian promises to avenge her sister\'s death. Count Fosco discovers her snooping through his things, and she is thrown out in disgrace. Her uncle will provide a small allowance to her but she can never return to Limmeridge. She finds help in a drunken Mr. Hartright who after losing his honor because of the false accusation of the servant Margaret, now makes a living by doing cheap portrait sketches. Marian and Hartright feel guilty for failing to save Laura, but they vow that they will not fail to help Anne Catherick. Marian visits Anne\'s doctor, under the guise of being ill. When he refuses to reveal Anne\'s whereabouts, Marian threatens to tell his clients in the waiting room that he made improper advances to her. He tells her that Anne\'s mother was a servant of Marian\'s father. Anne was born out of wedlock and both Anne and her mother were sent to Glyde\'s parents. Anne had first sought his help after having been "morally degraded" at the age of twelve. He reveals the location of her asylum, and tells Marian that Anne placed a lock of hair in Marian\'s father\'s grave when he died. At the asylum, Marian and Hartright are told that Anne is docile but is still given drugs for delusions. They go to her room where a woman dressed in white is staring at the wall. As Marian approaches her, she realizes that it is not Anne, but her sister Laura! They take Laura away from there, but Laura is at first catatonic. Baxter observes Marian and Mr. Hartright going to Marian\'s father\'s grave. Hartright digs up the coffin and finds a box filled with a lock of Anne\'s hair, a will, and Anne\'s diary. They read the documents in the church adjacent to the graveyard. They discover that Anne is another half-sister , that Sir Percival had raped Anne when she was only 12 years old, and that because of this, his father wrote him out of his will. Suddenly, Glyde appears out of hiding, knocks out Hartright and sets the papers on fire. Marian accidentally knocks over a lamp which sets the church alight. Afraid that Glyde is going to kill her, she runs away and locks the doors behind her, trapping him in the church. She manages to drag Hartright\'s body away from the flames. Then, she changes her mind and runs back to help Sir Percival, but the flames have begun to engulf him. Glyde repeats the words, "forgive me" as he burns. Hartright leads Marian away from the church as it explodes and says that the fire will be seen as an accident. Back at Limmeridge, the sisters\' uncle Fairlie makes a public announcement that Mr. Hartright was falsely accused. It is revealed that a conspiracy led to Laura\'s name appearing on Anne\'s grave marker and to the false imprisonment of Laura. Hartright announces his engagement to Laura, who has been restored to sanity. Laura and Mr. Hartright marry and have two children. At the end, Marian reflects that her father\'s abuse of Anne\'s mother started a cycle of abuse. Marian picks up her niece and prays that the cycle has ended.'] ['Ten-year-old Jess Aarons  is an aspiring yet shy elementary school boy living in a financially struggling family. Ten-year-old Leslie Burke  is the new girl at Jess\'s school, just arriving on the school\'s athletics day. She enters a running event which she wins with ease, despite her classmates calling it a "boys only" race. Jess is, at first, quite sour about this and wants nothing to do with Leslie, but Leslie\'s persistence in meeting him soon pays off, with the two becoming friends. Jess shares his secret love of drawing with Leslie; Leslie shares with Jess her love of fantasy stories. Together they venture into the woods, where they go across a creek on the trunk of a partially fallen tree, and later build a "castle"  on the other side. Here, the two friends invent a whole new world—Terabithia—and it comes to life through their eyes, which they explore together. Jess and Leslie base the Creatures of Terabithia on the people that give them a hard time at school. Their teacher, Ms. Edmunds , notices Jess\'s artistic skills and decides to take him on a field trip to an art museum. Jess has an unspoken crush on the teacher and does not want to share the trip with Leslie, so he goes to the museum without inviting her. When Jess returns home, his family is worried sick, as Jess neglected to tell them where he was going, then tells him the horrific news: Leslie died after trying to cross the fallen tree over a rain-swollen creek, only to fall into the creek and drown; though she was a good swimmer the current was too strong for her. Jess at first denies after reciting his infamous line "You lie!" to his family, but grieves for his lost friend, and he and his parents visit Leslie\'s parents together. Jess feels overwhelming guilt for Leslie\'s death, thinking that it would not have happened had he invited Leslie along on his trip with Ms. Edmunds. He is consoled by his father that their intense friendship should be kept alive for her sake. Later, after crossing the creek, he hears a girl\'s voice calling for help and finds his little sister May Belle on the fallen tree trunk, frozen with terror after trying to follow him across. He rescues her and then invites his sister to be the new princess, who is delighted after being previously denied every opportunity to enter Terabithia. She and Jess bring back Terabithia in even greater splendor; Jess the king and his sister the new princess, and they rule over the free peoples of the kingdom together forever.'] ["The film opens with a man named Dr. Carver trying to generate a super Gnome Warrior, but it disintegrates. It then turns to Penny Proud, who is celebrating her 16th birthday, and fails her driver's ed. She and her friends are excited to be a part of 15 Cent's  dance group, Spare Change. When 15 Cent drives her home, Oscar Proud, her overprotective father, gets mad when he finds them kissing. After Oscar grounds her, Penny resents him as her father. Oscar creates a everlasting multiplying formula that was supposed to make his Proud Snacks tastier, but it instead causes the snack to expand and explode. As he is hauled away from his presentation, he proclaims that his formula has no expiration date. Dr. Carver, the great-great-grandson of George Washington Carver, overhears Oscar's ranting. Carver has been trying to create an army of humanoid peanut warriors, but has never gotten his formula stabilized and plots to get Oscar's. Disguising himself, Carver invites the Proud family to Legume Island. Trudy forces Oscar, Sugar Mama, and Penny to go in hopes they will re-bond. The Prouds meet the inhabitants of the island, short peanut creatures called the Genomes. Carver tries to negotiate obtaining the formula from Oscar. When Oscar refuses, Carver reveals the evil peanut clones of his family from DNA snatched from them while they were partying. Oscar runs away and tries explaining to his family, but they don't believe him. The clones get a mix-up when the real Penny comes with them back to the mainland to search for the formula; Penny's clone remains with the original family. Penny soon enjoy the free life which the clones allowed her, but tires of it very quickly. She also discovers that Cashew, a Genome she befriended earlier on the island, had stowed away; he wanted to see what it was like to have a 'real family. He also reveals to her the true nature of the clones. At that moment, Wally leads the Prouds and the Penny clone on a perilous journey to the other side of the island, where he claims there is someone who can answer their questions. Along the way, the Penny clone proves to be the kind of daughter Oscar desires – obedient. When they meet the person Wally wanted them to meet, he turns out to be the real Dr. Carver. Dr. Carver explains that he created a clone of himself out of a peanut. Unfortunately, the clone went sizzling crisp in the sun one day and turned to evil. Donning a disguise of his original form, the clone took over the island and the Genomes and began using Carver's peanut research for evil. Oscar realizes his formula is the key and tells the family he had left it in a locket for Penny's birthday, which she opened back home. Her clone informs the other clones, who take the formula. Penny and Cashew gather her friends to go back to Lagoom Island and rescue their family. They steal 15 Cent's yacht to get there, but Penny accidentally sinks it. Unfortunately, the Carver clone has already prepared to leave to take over the world with his Supergenomes. The clones attack Penny and her friends and family, but she convinces the Oscar clone to help - by bribing him with hot dogs, which he had become obsessed with earlier in the film - and he defeats the rest of the clones. Seeing the Carver clone making his getaway, the original Dr. Carver reveals a possible solution - a container of gas that could instantly turn solid peanuts into peanut butter. Penny takes the gas, boards the clone's airship, and battles him with help from Oscar, who para-sails up using one of Sugar Mama's giant underwear. Just as Penny is on the verge of releasing the gas, Dr. Carver offers her to join him and live a free life, without rules or responsibilities. However, Penny retorts that, even though they aren't the perfect one, her family is who she cares about and unleashes the gas, foiling the clone's plot and destroying the army. The clone, having only been hit slightly by the gas, turns back into a peanut and falls into the ocean. Oscar then gives Penny her birthday necklace, stating that he now knows she's mature enough that she is ready to make her own decisions. Penny and Oscar make up on national TV. 15 Cent has Penny and her friends sing instead of acting as his back-up dancers and the crowd loves them. On Legume Island, the real Carver and his peanut people along with the proud clones listen as a radio announcer says that Penny and her friends song has been popular for five weeks  in a row. In an extended ending, the scene fast-forwards three days later where Cashew is now part of the Proud Family, Penny is receiving her driver's license and, unfortunately, she helps Oscar by driving through town advertising his new drink Pork-Nut-o-Rade, but Puff drank it back home earlier, turning him into a monster. He chases them around the world up to China, until Suga Mama, who also drank the concoction, takes him home."] ["Katie Liner is the attractive 18-year-old daughter of Jack Liner, a powerful police officer. At one of his benefit parties, she meets Jimmy Pettit, a young man in his early twenties she soon starts dating. Initially, he seems to be the perfect guy: he is well-educated, respectful, polite, popular and has no records with the police. Nevertheless, Jack is not sure about the guy and when he finds out that Katie is engaged, he is not enthusiastic. Things are going fast, though, and in a short period of time, Katie and Jimmy are married and she gives birth to a son. Soon, Katie finds out that Jimmy is not the perfect man he seems to be on the outside. He starts to show violent behavior, pushing and hitting her. Apologizing afterwards makes Katie forgives him every time. Her older sister Sharon who is growing concerned about Katie's marriage to Jimmy notices the bruises, and Katie admits the truth about how bad Jimmy is treating her, but begs her not to oust Jimmy even when she makes her promise to dissolve their marriage if he beat her again pointing out that Jimmy doesn't love her . By the time she is pregnant with her second baby, his aggressive behavior worsens, as he also starts to hit their son Jamie. Desperate, she admits to her mother that she is a victim of domestic violence and that Jimmy isn't treating her right. Ellen convinces her to dissolve their marriage, but Jimmy is not willing to let go of his wife and beats her up severely for trying to leave him. When he threatens to shoot her, she defends herself by killing him with a gunshot. Katie is arrested and admits to her lawyer that she is guilty, although claiming that she still loves her husband. Jack is shocked to find out she was abused and has trouble accepting that she did not turn to him with her problems implying how it could have saved her from the abuse. He tries to discourage her from taking the case to trial, explaining she could be sentenced for life. Katie thinks she stands a chance, though, wanting to show the jury that she was abused. She also starts to realize and is upset that Jack treats Ellen very badly, and confronts him with it . Realizing that it is the truth, he tries to better his life and apologizes to her . Once the trial begins, Katie has trouble proving the intensity of the domestic violence and is harassed by Jimmy's best friend, Wade Blankenship, who wants revenge for the killing. Additionally, the fact that none of the witnesses reported the violence sooner instead of standing by and doing nothing so as to save Katie from Jimmy's wrath starts to work against her . When Katie testifies, she admits she was naive enough to believe if she provided unconditional love to Jimmy that he would eventually stop abusing her, but finally realized that was never going to happen, and that one of them was going to kill the other. She is found not guilty by the jury and even Jimmy's parents, who at first wanted her in prison for the murder, sympathize with her. The film ends with Katie laying a flower at Jimmy's grave, then telling Jamie that they will have a better life."] ['Ten-year-old Felicity Merriman is growing up in Williamsburg, Virginia, just before the American Revolution. Felicity longs to be free . High-spirited Felicity would rather rush into exciting adventures, like taming the wild horse owned by the cruel leather maker, Jiggy Nye. Even with the warnings from her parents, she runs off in the morning to be with Jiggy Nye\'s horse who is named by Felicity "Penny". Felicity isn’t the only one questioning what’s right and what’s wrong. Change is in the air as some colonists,like Felicity’s father and his apprentice, Ben takes steps toward independence from the king of England. Others like Felicity’s dear grandfather and her best friend, Elizabeth are shocked that anyone would question the rule of the king. How can Felicity choose a side when she knows it means being disloyal to someone she loves? As the Revolutionary War threatens to tear friends and neighbors apart, Felicity’s family faces a crisis or two of its own.'] ["The story starts out with Caroline Lovejoy  singing in the church choir at the local church. It is later revealed that she is having an intense affair with the church's reverend. She later comes home to find her younger sister, Sissy , with her boyfriend, Johnny. It is expressed that Sissy is an aspiring ice skater, but Caroline wants her to follow in her footsteps and become a schoolteacher. Their battle goes on throughout the movie. Later their estranged sister, Frieda  shows up with her 12 year-old son, Danny . They decide to stay for a while because Danny has had some trouble with the law and Frieda wants to give him a fresh start in a new environment. While there, the sisters' lives turn up-side down. Frieda emerges as the troubled black sheep, while Caroline is knocked off her martyr pedestal when the minister succumbs to Frieda's seduction. Sissy learns that their father never wanted another daughter, but had hoped she would be the son that eluded him. Their mother tried to abort her."] ['The movie jumps from the second season to the fifth, covering the time when conflict arose between the producers and cast versus Suzanne Somers and her management, which sought greater visibility and more money for Somers. It then jumps to season eight to cover the end of the series. The original script focused more heavily on the negative side of the production of the show before Joyce DeWitt\'s involvement added focus on the good times.! width="120" | Date !! Event |- | November 1975 | American producer Donald L. Taffner and partner Ted Bergmann try to sell the idea to make an American version of the Thames Television show in the UK [[Man About The House] to various TV stations. |- | January 1976 | New ABC programming chief Fred Silverman looks for a risque television show and finds Three\'s Company. |- | January 28, 1977 | Taping of the first show. |- | March 15, 1977 | First broadcast. |- | May 1977 | First season wrap party. |- | November 1977 | Somers asks Jay Bernstein to manage her career and try to make her the next Farrah Fawcett. |- | February 1979 | Somers tries to get a new deal with CBS for her own show. |- | July 1979 | While filming Nothing Personal, Somers calls Bernstein to fire him. |- | October 1980 | Alan Hamel, now managing Somers\' career, attempts deal with ABC to boost Somers\' salary by 500%. |- | October 21, 1980 | Somers fakes a cracked rib and misses the taping. |- | November 2, 1980 | Somers misses her second taping. |- | November 9, 1980 | Somers misses her third taping. |- | November 20, 1980 | Producers make Somers tape separately from the rest of the cast for the first time. Her character Chrissy is then usually seen talking on the phone to Jack or Janet from another location. |- | January 18, 1981 | Somers appears on The Phil Donahue Show. |- | March 1981 | Somers gets a threat of possible legal action against her from ABC about using the Chrissy character in a Las Vegas act. |- | April 2, 1981 | Somers is fired from ABC. |- | May 1982 | Because of the ABC legal threat, Somers learns that her CBS deal is canceled because the use of the Chrissy character may bring legal action against CBS. |- | November 1983 | Hamel fails to convince the producers that Suzanne would be perfect to play Jack Tripper\'s wife in the Three\'s a Crowd spin-off. |- | February 17, 1984 | Final taping of the show. |}'] ['President Fenton and the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives are killed while at a summit in Frankfurt, West Germany when the palace hosting the legation suffers a collapse. Vice President Noah Calvin, elderly and in very ill health, refuses to assume the office, pointing out that they\'ll need another replacement almost immediately. Arthur Eaton, the Secretary of State, is urged to take the office, but he points out that according to the law, the line of succession places the job next with the President pro tempore of the Senate, who is Douglass Dilman. A stunned Dilman is sworn in and arrives at the White House to assume office. Eaton\'s outspoken wife Kay berates her husband for not pushing to become president, even though it would be contrary to the succession order. Eaton assures her that he will become president once Dilman proves unable to handle the job. In the morning, as Eaton and his advisers come to the Oval Office, it becomes evident that Eaton is setting himself up as the "power behind the throne." Dilman meets with Eaton, who gives him a binder of briefing notes. Included are statements the President can give in response to questions asked by the press, statements that generally conform to positions on issues by the administration of the deceased Fenton. Dilman meets the press for the first time as president. At the outset, he goes along with the information provided. An aggressive reporter observes the "puppet strings" as Dilman stops to consult notes after each question, and he questions Dilman\'s independence. Eaton scribbles a note and has it taken forward to the president. Dilman, having realized that he\'s being manipulated, crumples Eaton\'s note, shoves the briefing binder aside and proceeds under his own initiative, deciding that if God or fate has made him president, he will have to make his own decisions. Dilman, a moderate, is confronted with activists and extremists over his skin color. Robert Wheeler, a young black man, meanwhile, is sought for extradition by apartheid South Africa for a deadly act in that country; Dilman offers his help as the young man claims he was in Burundi at the time. Senator Watson introduces a bill that would require approval of Congress in any attempt by the President to dismiss a member of the cabinet. Eaton doesn\'t tell Dilman about it, but a few black congressmen have a meeting with Dilman to discuss their concerns. Dilman believes they are referring to a minority rights bill and pledges his support, until one of the congressmen tells the President it isn\'t about the rights bill but the Watson bill. Dilman subsequently chews out a group of senior leaders whom Eaton is meeting with, questioning his relevance if such an important bill is not even being brought to his attention. Senator Watson visits the South African embassy, where the ambassador comments that his own country would never have a black man as president. He shows a news film to Senator Watson that proves Wheeler was indeed in South Africa, and it breaks as a scandal threatening Dilman\'s young presidency. Dilman\'s activist daughter Wanda clashes with Kay Eaton at a dinner in the White House. The President watches the verbal exchange with pride and bemusement. But when he obtains the young black man\'s confession, handing him over for extradition, the President alienates Wanda, who doesn\'t agree with handing over an activist against white minority rule in South Africa. During this scene there is a very telling moment with Wheeler  calls the President a "House Nigger" and the President responds that "Black men don\'t burn churches and kill 4 children, they don\'t hunt down a Martin Luther King with a telescopic sight. Passion may drive you to the streets to throw a brick but to buy a gun plant a alibi and travel 5000 miles and kill a human being is bloodless, worthy of the selective morality of Adolf Eichman." The President addresses reporters, explaining that while some people think violence is the only answer, he will rely on diplomacy and peaceful means. He washes his hands of the Wheeler issue. A reporter asks if he\'s going to pass up a run for the presidential nomination in the next election. Dilman replies that he is going to "fight like heck" to win the nomination. To the tune of "Hail to the Chief," he is introduced to the party\'s national convention.'] ["{{expand section}} A ski resort in the Colorado Rockies has its annual winter carnival spoiled by a series of vacationers that are being brutally murdered by an unknown animal. The local sheriff  believes that the culprit is a legendary creature, a Yeti or Sasquatch. The owner of the ski resort says there is no such being because she doesn't want to lose her business. Either way, the creature must be stopped as it is continuing its attacks. In the film's climax, the Yeti attacks Gar Seberg  who shoots it with a revolver. However, the Yeti survives the shots, and, out of ammunition, Gar picks up a ski pole and impales the beast, causing it to fall off a mountain, killing it. Gar and his wife, Ellen Seberg  embrace happily, while the rest of the group looks on."] ["Con-woman Diana McQueen  decides to skip out of town and leave her boss, Tom Rourke  behind. To avoid the conflict that would result by her quick disappearance, she switches places with a dying friend, who had planned on becoming a man's mail-order bride. Seeing that this is her only chance to escape, she takes on the role and lies to the unsuspecting frontiersman ."] ["This film finds an alien, who is misunderstood, bent on hunting down and devouring people. A school psychologist, Dr. Jennifer Stillman  investigates the death of a student's mother and finds the boy  believes he is the son of the being. His earthling father  is also a doctor who has the boy in his care and holds that it is all in the boy's imagination."] ["The film starts with Carla, her sister and her boyfriend on a road trip in the cliffs. After a freak accident when Carla's sister falls from a cliff, Carla develops a fear of heights. In an effort to overcome her phobia she joins a support group, but when the other members of the group begin dying one by one, Carla begins to suspect she was the real target of the accident."] ['The film focuses upon three 14-year-old high school freshman girls: Dawn , Becca , and Hannah . Hannah finds herself on the receiving end of peer pressure from her friends to engage in oral sex with Nick, whom Hannah likes. She believes that she has to behave in a particular fashion in order to fit in with her more sexually-active peers. As Hannah becomes more sexually advanced, she does not reveal her sexual encounters and activities with Nick to her mother, who is quite concerned about the subject. Hannah regards her mother\'s concern as being intrusive, knowing she would be shocked if she knew. When Hannah\'s best friend Dawn gets syphilis, the school nurses begin widespread testing. It soon becomes evident that the school is experiencing a syphilis epidemic. Although Nick is identified as the main spreader of the disease, he does not appreciate the serious nature of the issue and refuses to be tested, mocking those who undergo testing. Dawn reluctantly gets tested and discovers that she has contracted the disease. She realizes the consequences of her behavior and encourages her friends to get tested as well. Hannah notices a sore in her mouth one morning and decides to see the nurse, who tells Hannah that she is also infected. Thus, Hannah is forced to deal with the consequences of her actions. When Hannah\'s mother finds out about the syphilis spread, she launches an effort to alert parents about their children\'s dangerous behavior. Although she is certain that other parents will share her level of concern in helping their children, she is shocked by some of the parents\' indifferent attitudes to their children\'s actions. Meanwhile, Becca is outraged when her religious parents decide to send her to boarding school, and Hannah is alienated at school because of her mother. She leaves her house one night and goes to her friend Tommy\'s house. They both realize they like each other and make out. Hannah wants to have sex, but Tommy refuses, explaining that he likes her but wishes to wait, as they are too young. Hannah becomes even more emotionally distraught and runs off. When Hannah\'s parents return home and see that she is gone, her mother goes off to find her. Walking around by herself in the street, Hannah calls Dawn and Becca. Dawn is grounded and is not allowed to speak with Hannah and Becca is making out in a car with two boys. Hannah goes to a party, where many of the kids from her school are present, looking for Becca. Brad, the party\'s host, directs Hannah to the basement and when she realizes that Becca is not there, he attempts to have sex with her. Tommy barges into the room, takes a picture of Brad and threatens to send it to 911. Brad leaves Hannah and ends the party. Tommy takes Hannah back to his house and calls her parents. They come to fetch her, relieved to see she is alright. Hannah apologizes to them and her mother promises that things will be better from now on. The end of the film shows Becca has snuck back into her room and begins to cry. Dawn is playing Scrabble with her mother as her sister, Tess, sneaks off to Dawn\'s room. Then she picks up one of Dawn\'s "sexy" shirts, takes off her glasses and models in front of the mirror. At the end of the film, Alexis Dziena appears to give a public service announcement urging teens to wait to have sex because of both physical and emotional consequences.'] ["The covert world of government 'Ghost Squad' agent Daniel Leight  comes crashing down when he is critically injured in a building collapse triggered by the genetically mutated terrorist called Python ([[Daniel Goddard . But when Leight's radiation treatments are sabotaged, he discovers that he has the ability to move at hyper speeds only by risking potentially fatal metabolic damage."] ["The film retells events leading up to the night of Natalee Holloway's disappearance in Aruba, and the ensuing investigation in the aftermath. The film does not solve the case, but stages re-creations of various scenarios, based on the testimony of key players and suspects, including Joran van der Sloot, who is the last person seen drinking with her and escorting her out of the bar. His contradictory accounts, some presented days and others presented years later, are used to present different reenactments of Holloway's final hours before she went missing.<ref nameReview: Natalee Holloway|urlJake Meaney|publisherAugust 20, 2010|date=January 22, 2010}}"] ['William S. Bowdern  is a World War II veteran who was severely affected by a bad experience in France on All Saints’ Day in 1944. In the first scene of the movie, we flash-back through one of Bowdern\'s dreams to where he was trying to escape from a German advance as SS soldiers execute wounded American soldiers. A wounded soldier calls Bowdern, the chaplain, to give him the Last Rites; Bowdern at first denies him so he can escape. Bowdern rethinks the matter and does his duty but is bayonetted by an SS soldier. He becomes an alcoholic, tormented by his injuries and the guilt of refusing a dying man\'s last wish. Years later, Bowdern is teaching his students at St. Louis University  when, at the end of the lecture, an angry mob smashes the classroom\'s windows. When Bowdern gets out, he discovers that there is a demonstration against the school\'s recent racial integration. When the police arrive, he asks them to arrest "those people" &mdash; meaning the protestors &mdash; but the police arrest the black students instead. Angered, Bowdern physically attacks the cops, who arrest him as well. Father Raymond McBride  pays his bail, and drives him to the Alexian Brothers Hospital to show where the church places hopeless alcoholics and the mentally ill. Robbie Mannheim  is sitting with his aunt, Hanna , who is teaching him how to contact the ‘other world’. Robbie\'s mother  suddenly discovers the two at the Ouija board. She scolds at Aunt Hanna for disregarding her request that she not expose Robbie to such ideas. Robbie disobeys his mother\'s demands that he stay away from the supernatural, as he enjoys the contacts. When Aunt Hanna dies, Robbie continues trying to reach the other world. One day one of Robbie\'s classmates  during school is severely wounded in the hand when a desk falls on top of him. Robbie is blamed. Ultimately, he is expelled from school. His father  demands why Robbie hurt his classmate. When Robbie explains to his father that he did not deliberately do that and the desk moved itself, his father does not believe him. During their conversation, the chair on which Robbie is sitting moves out from under him, making Robbie crash to the floor. Robbie\'s parents feel someone or something is trying to harm their child. They feel he may really be ‘possessed’. They take him to the Lutheran Pastor Reverend Eckhardt ([[Richard Waugh , who understands what is happening to Robbie and takes him to his house to put him under exact monitoring . During Robbie\'s stay, several things occur that convince Pastor Eckhardt that Robbie is being afflicted by demons: strange noises are made in the house, the wall clock is smashed, and Robbie falls into fits of rage and hysteria. When Pastor Eckhardt tells his wife that Robbie should be treated by the Catholics, Robbie attacks him.  McBride visits the family in their house to check on Robbie after his parents go to the university requesting help. During one of Robbie\'s fits of hysteria, the parents find the letters SLU scrawled on his belly. When he enters his room, he is attacked and becomes convinced that the child is endowed with some sort of supernatural power, and convinces Bowdern to visit the family. Bowdern visits Robbie in his room, comforting him with his knowledge of comic books. Bowdern notices that Robbie is interested in magic and ventriliquism, while Robbie notices that Fr. Bowdern is affected by his collection of toy soldiers that sets off a post traumatic stress disorder event. When Father Bowdern tries to convince the parents that there is nothing wrong with Robbie, the boy suddenly becomes hysterical, speaking in Latin as things fly across the room. Bowdern becomes convinced that Robbie must undergo treatment. Bowdern and McBride go to Archbishop Hume  to persuade him to give Robbie an exorcism. The Archbishop is skeptical, saying that he is trying to improve the Catholic Church\'s public image as a modern institution, free of ancient superstition. He requests to speak to McBride alone, and he nominates Bowdern to handle the issue. Bowdern begins Robbie\'s treatment, assisted by McBride and Father Walter Halloran . They conduct several visits to him during which Robbie starts throwing temper tantrums. He scratches at them, vomits and urinates on them, and swears uncontrollably. During the treatment trials, Bowdern has flashbacks to his war experiences and dreads that this may be another failure. Robbie is transferred twice to two different churches. Finally, Bowdern manages to cure him. The room in the church where the exorcism takes place is locked on Archbishop Hume\'s orders.'] ['Joseph, a Canaanite Hebrew, is an Egyptian slave to Potiphar, chief of Pharoah\'s palace guard. When Joseph is placed under the charge of Ednan, Potiphar\'s overseer, Ednan torments Joseph for his refusal to show deference for the Egyptian god Amun. But Joseph eventually earns Ednan\'s respect when he reveals that he knows how to read, and Ednan starts relying more and more on Joseph. Joseph is eventually put in charge of Potiphar\'s home, but his wife begins to desire Joseph and repeatedly, but unsuccessfully, tries to seduce him. She ultimately becomes so angry at Joseph that she falsely accuses him of raping her and demands his execution. But Potiphar, knowing Joseph\'s trustworthiness--and his wife\'s infidelity--has his doubts. Potiphar speaks to Joseph alone and demands that Joseph give him some reason to trust him. Joseph gives Potiphar his life\'s story from his youth: Joseph is a son of Jacob  and the first of two sons to his mother Rachel, who later died giving birth to his younger full-brother Benjamin. Joseph also had a half-sister, Dinah, ten half-brothers. Six of these half-brothers came through his step-mother, , Leah, Rachel\'s older sister. Jacob and his extended family make a pilgrimage to a fertile plane near the Hivite town of Shechem, where they are visited by the city\'s king, Hamor, along with his counsel and his son. While Jacob and Hamor make arrangements to pay taxes for the land, Hamor\'s son, also named Shechem, notices Dinah and takes a liking to her. As they leave, Hamor invites Jacob and his family to come to a wedding celebration, and asks that Dinah accompany them. After Hamor leaves, Simeon, one of Joseph\'s half-brothers, disliking the way Shechem looked at Dinah, suggests they resist Hamor by force, but Jacob rebukes Simeon\'s irascibility. The night of the wedding celebration, Shechem catches Dinah and rapes her. The next day Hamor and Shechem come to talk to Jacob about making amends by having Shechem marry Dinah. Jacob replies that Dinah can only marry a man who is of her faith. After consideration Hamor agrees that all the Shechemite men will convert to Jacob\'s faith--and enter into the covenant via circumcision. While Jacob is satisfied, Simeon seeks revenge against Shechem. While the Shechemites are recovering from their circumcisions, the brothers and other members of the tribe attack the fortified village, setting many of their buildings ablaze and kiling many Shechemites including Shechem. Jacob is furious with his sons\' ruthless actions and announces that now that they have become a stench to the people of the land, they must leave the area. During this ordeal of moving again, at Beth-El, Rachel gives birth to Benjamin, but dies soon afterward in exhaustion from the journey and the childbirth. Nine years later, Reuben, Joseph\'s oldest half-brother, desires Bilhah, one of Jacob\'s women. Zilpah, one of Leah\'s handmaids, sees the couple together and tells Jacob, who angrily declares to Reuben that authority over the tribe will fall to Joseph instead. This adds even more fuel to Reuben\'s  jealous anger toward Joseph. For reasons such as these, Joseph has seen the destruction infidelity can bring, and would never do such a thing, he tells Potiphar. Nevertheless, the story continues that while the brothers are out at work in the fields, they decide to kill and eat one of their own lambs, an act expressly forbidden by Jacob. The brothers only taunt Joseph mercilessly after he reminds them of Jacob\'s rule. They later try to tell Jacob that the lamb was killed by a wild animal; Jacob, a lifelong shepherd, is not fooled and he berates his sons for disobeying him. The brothers blame Joseph for Jacob\'s anger and make reference to betrayal and spying in regard to Joseph. Jacob is so pleased with Joseph that he gives him a beautiful coat, which increases the jealousy among the brothers. Further exacerbating their hatred of Joseph is his frequent interpretations of his dreams that one day his brothers and his father will fall prostrate before him. Spurred on by Simeon, the brothers discuss killing Joseph, but Reuben says he will not have the blood of his brother on his hands. Instead, the brothers throw Joseph into a dry well pit. They then sell Joseph into slavery to a group of Ishmalite traders. Back at the encampment, the sons then show Jacob the coat  and tell him that Joseph has been killed by a wild animal. Jacob is overcome with grief. After listening to Joseph\'s life story, Potiphar asks him to tell him exactly what happened with his wife. Joseph tells Potiphar of his wife\'s attempts at seduction and his refusal to accede to her demands. Potiphar then calls in the household. He announces that Joseph will go to Pharaoh\'s prison; Potiphar\'s wife complains that he has humiliated her, but he merely responds that one humiliation deserves another. Seven years later Joseph, now in charge of many of the prisoners, has earned a reputation as a talented interpreter of dreams. He makes two interpretations of the dreams of the Royal cupbearer and the Royal baker, both imprisoned on suspicion of theft. He says the cupbearer\'s dream means that he will soon be forgiven and returned to his post, whereas the baker\'s dream means that Pharaoh will have him executed. Both of these interpretations later happen just as Joseph said they would. In Canaan, Judah, another of Joseph\'s half-brothers, had left Jacob\'s encampment because of Jacob\'s unabated grief over Joseph. During his self-imposed exile Judah has sex with a prostitute . Not having enough money, Judah gives the woman his staff and seal as assurance that he will pay her the following day, but when Judah returns the woman, the staff and his seal are all gone. When Judah later returns to Jacob\'s camp he seeks advice on how to deal with his daughter-in-law, Tamar; Tamar married Judah\'s firstborn son who died before they could have children; his second son suffered the same fate, and Judah is afraid to let her marry his third son for fear that he too will die. But Tamar, twice widowed and not remarried, is now pregnant and refuses to reveal the father\'s identity. Jacob reminds Judah of the Canaanite custom which decrees Tamar must be put to death, so when Judah goes to see Tamar she returns Judah\'s staff and seal; Judah shockingly realizes that Tamar was masquerading as the prostitute Judah had sex with, making Judah himself the father of her child. With this revelation, Judah spares Tamar\'s life. Back in Egypt, Pharaoh himself has two disturbing dreams: His first dream involved seven fat cows being swallowed by seven sickly cows, the second dream is a similar one involving seven full ears of corn consumed by seven withered ears. After unsuccessfully asking his vizier and his staff what the dreams mean, the cupbearer and Potiphar communicate to Pharaoh that Joseph can interpret his dreams, so Pharoah summons Joseph from prison. Joseph\'s interpretation is that the seven fat cows and the seven full ears of corn mean that there will be seven years of great plenty; the seven sickly cows and the seven thin ears of corn signify that after the seven year abundance will follow seven years of extreme drought, which could take many lives. At first Pharoah, calling Joseph\'s interpretations "madness", has him thrown back in prison, but that night Pharoah is again plagued by the same dreams. Realizing the dreams are too important to ignore, Pharoah again summons Joseph from prison and asks his advice about what can be done to avoid the deaths. Joseph suggests that Pharoah appoint a steward to have all the farmers give one-fifth of their crop to Pharaoh for storage for the coming famine. After some consideration, Pharaoh decides that no one, including his own advisors, has the ability to carry out Joseph\'s plan except for Joseph himself, so Pharoah appoints Joseph governor over all of Egypt, second only to Pharoah himself. He then gives Joseph a new name: Zaphenath-Paneah , and also gives Joseph a wife, Asenath, confidant to Pharaoh\'s wife and daughter of the high priest of On. Potiphar, who now serves Joseph, gives Ednan into Joseph\'s charge as his assistant. The seven years of plenty have ended. Joseph and Asenath now have two children, Manasseh and Ephraim. With the onslaught of famine, times are difficult at best, especially in Canaan. Someone in Jacob\'s camp tells of the abundance of grain in Egypt, so Jacob sends all of his sons  to Egypt. On their arrival, Joseph recognizes his brothers  and, because he notices they haven\'t changed in the years since they sold him into slavery, accuses them of spying and has them thrown into prison. Three days later Joseph gives them a chance to prove their innocence, by bringing Benjamin with them when they come back to Egypt. To ensure their return, Joseph sends Simeon back to prison. Initially, Jacob is firmly against the idea- Benjamin is Jacob\'s last link to the late Rachel, whom Jacob loved more than Leah. But when their food runs out, Jacob is forced to admit there\'s no other choice, so he reluctantly allows Benjamin to go to Egypt with his half-brothers. On their way back home the second time, Joseph\'s palace guards arrest Benjamin for theft  and they all return to Egypt. Joseph, still not recognized by his brothers, declares that Benjamin will stay in Egypt but the rest can leave. Simeon and most of the others overpower the guards by grabbing their spears, swearing that they would rather die than leave Benjamin behind . Joseph confronts them about their actions; that they are now willing to put their lives on the line for another brother, but not for the first one . Joseph then tearfully reveals his true identity to all of them. Benjamin immediately embraces Joseph, but the others, overwhelmed by shock and shame, drop their spears. Joseph tells his brothers to go home and bring Jacob and the entire settlement back to Egypt where Joseph can guarantee that they will be well provided for during the time of the drought. Jacob and his tribe arrive in Egypt where he is emotionally reunited with Joseph and meets his children for the first time.'] ['Teen actress Morgan Carter ([[JoJo  is a Hollywood princess, until the day that her hard-partying ways get the best of her. After she collapses outside of a Hollywood nightclub, Morgan\'s mother  sends her to live in the wilds of Fort Wayne, Indiana, with her Aunt Trudy . Morgan is camouflaged into Claudia Miller and given a new hairstyle, and suddenly, Morgan, albeit unwillingly, blends in with her peers who don\'t own televisions or read magazines. With a new appearance and deprived comforts  Morgan enters a suburban high school with a bad attitude. At first she didn\'t fit in with anyone, until she meets "cute guy" Eli and they became friends. Eli introduces Claudia to his sister and her friends. Morgan takes a liking to Emily, Eli\'s sister, and they become good friends. Emily invites Morgan to a sleepover where Debbie, who likes Eli, tells her to stay away from him. Morgan is upset so she leaves early, without telling Emily. When she gets home she drinks a bottle of vodka that she found in the cupboard. The next day when Eli comes over to tutor Morgan and she, wanting desperately to capture Eli\'s attention, makes up a story about her father, borrowing a plot from one of her movies. Eli is worried, as Morgan drastically exaggerated and added several negative details about her supposed "father", telling Morgan to alert him if he shows up. Eli asks Morgan on a date  to the fair and she happily accepts. Morgan\'s best friend from when she was in Hollywood, Marissa, comes to visit her in Indiana, where they go to a club. Morgan goes to the fair with Eli and Morgan begins liking him more. Everything was going great until Debbie tries to blackmail Morgan. The paparazzi finds out where she is and leak the story so she sneaks to Eli\'s house to apologize for lying, both about her father and about not being Claudia. Eli is upset at the deception, but in the end he forgives her and they drive away on his motorcycle.'] ['Sam Alden is the 17-year-old high school star player in baseball who seems to have it all. However, his family notices that he is often bothered with fits of coughing. Worried, his parents decide to take him to the hospital, where they are shocked to find out that he has a life threatening heart disease. Sam has trouble dealing with his illness, but he pretends to still be a joyful teenager to not have his parents worrying even more than they already do. His health is detoriating, though, and it is eventually revealed that he needs a heart transplantation if he wants to survive. This is the beginning of a long and a both mental and physical exhausting journey including countless operations, tests, applies for donors. Even before the final operation, Sam is forced to deal with several setbacks in his life.'] ['The main story is centered on Aaron Quicksilver , a travelling showman who tells horror stories to the people he meets. He first runs into a newly married couple who are hitchhiking, to whom he tells the story Chattery Teeth, about a man who is saved from a dangerous hitchhiker by a set of wind-up toy teeth. He later runs into a pickpocket to whom he tells the story The Body Politic, a story about a man whose hands rebel against him.'] ['Maggie Baker  is an overweight 17-year-old girl who suffers being taunted and ridiculed at school and badgered to lose weight by her mother  who is worried she will get diabetes like her late father. The movie starts by showing what Maggie goes through every day at school. We discover that her best friend Casey  is not as unpopular as Maggie due to her relationship with one of the popular guys. Casey is invited to a party by the boy and accepts the invite on the premise that Maggie is allowed to come as well. The popular boys cringe but don\'t say anything. At the party Casey is dragged away by her sort of boyfriend, leaving Maggie alone to be laughed at by the preppy clique, including Liz , a very hated but feared girl at school. Maggie gets food down the front of her shirt and retreats to the kitchen to clean it off . From the kitchen she can see Casey and her boyfriend making out in the adjacent hallway before her friend Louis  greets her. It is clear that Louis has a thing for Maggie and vice-versa. Louis leaves and Casey appears at the same time as Tara  the sweet Queen Bee at school to wipe food off her shirt as well. Tara asks if Maggie is as klutzy as she is which Maggie confirms that she is, saying "No, my blouse was just hungry." After she leaves Casey makes a remark about how Tara is only nice so she can win Homecoming Queen to which Maggie replies that it would be nice if she herself were to win Homecoming Queen and not somebody like Tara or her friends. Liz overhears and decides to nominate Maggie as a joke. The joke is on her though as many students get excited about Maggie being the queen, including Tara, who is, of course, nominated herself. Maggie easily collects 150 signatures to put her on the ballot  and becomes an official nominee. Maggie starts campaigning but gets upset one day when she sees Tara\'s posters out in the hallway and imagines her mom praising Tara\'s thinness and beauty. She runs home to find comfort food. Meanwhile, Liz vandalizes Tara\'s posters so the principal will think it\'s Maggie and take her out of the race. The plan does not work and Tara begins to suspect that her best friend is trying to sabotage Maggie. At voting time, Maggie wins Homecoming Queen, and the popular clique is shocked and rudely sit and glare at Maggie, but Tara looks genuinely happy for the plus-sized beauty queen. It is later revealed that Tara voted for Maggie and not herself. Maggie is bombarded with offers from the press who wish to discuss the experience with her. However, the popular kids are not ready to accept Maggie\'s win without a fight and plan to get her to resign. Tara\'s boyfriend Trip  and Liz plot to ruin Maggie\'s homecoming float. When Maggie sits on it the float busts, making it look like Maggie\'s weight broke it. Tara is outraged and breaks up with Trip. She also discovers that Liz only hangs out with her because she\'s popular and ends their friendship. The other popular girls stop speaking to Liz as well. Maggie goes on television to discuss her win but comes off sounding rude and ungrateful towards her friends and supporters. She has also been ignoring Casey who has been trying to ask Maggie for advice on whether or not she should consummate her relationship with her now boyfriend. Angry, Casey spews out some harsh insults and Maggie shoves her into a row of bikes, getting herself suspended. Maggie has alienated from her friends and no longer wishes to be Homecoming Queen although the school tells her she can. Maggie realizes that she plays the victim and that her harshest critic is herself. She decides to go through being Homecoming Queen even though the reception will most likely be bad and asks Louis to be her King. She reconciles with both her mom and Casey who eagerly cheer her on at the game. Although many people boo her a lot of people cheer for her too. Maggie realizes that she not only won Homecoming Queen but she changed herself as well.'] ["The opening of the film shows us a montage of Adolf Hitler's life from the years 1899-1907. The 10-year old Hitler  is shown to be arrogant and disobedient. He has a stern, ill-tempered father, Alois Hitler ([[Ian Hogg , and a doting mother, Klara Hitler , who indulges his dreams of becoming a great artist. One day, his father dies of a heart attack but the young Hitler shows no empathy or concern. Several years later, a 17-year old Hitler  applies unsuccessfully to the Vienna Arts Academy but is told he lacks the talent to become an artist. Following his mother’s death, he moves to Vienna permanently but is unable to find work and soon becomes destitute and homeless. Influenced by the city’s prevalent anti-semitism, young Hitler becomes convinced that the Jews and immigrants are to blame for his misfortunes. In 1914, the now adult Hitler  leaves Austria for Munich and joins the Germany army to fight in the First World War. After surviving a major battle, he is promoted to the rank of Corporal but his intense fanaticism and virulent anti-semitic and anti-Marxist rhetoric make him unpopular with the other soldiers, who routinely ridicule and ostracise him. After Hitler displays bravery during one particular battle, he emotionally blackmails his Jewish commanding officer into awarding him an Iron Cross, claiming to be the only soldier in the regiment to defend him against anti-semitism. During the last days of the war, when Germany is in retreat, Hitler is blinded by a gas attack and is recovering in a hospital when, he learns that the German Army has surrendered in the war. Hearing the news, he suffers an emotional breakdown, regains his eyesight and vows to dedicate his life toward reversing the outcome of the war. Hitler returns to Munich in 1919 to find it in the midst of political revolution. Still employed by the army, he is assigned to report on the activities of the newly formed political parties in the city. After attending a meeting of the German Worker’s party, he is recruited by the party’s leader, Anton Drexler , to give speeches and organise its propaganda activities. Hitler’s speeches repeat the same themes: that Germany has been betrayed by the leaders who surrendered in the last war as well as the Communists, Jews and immigrants who are destroying the country from within. Gradually, his popularity as a fiery orator significantly expands the party’s membership and attracts the attention of wealthy entrepreneur, Ernst Hanfstaengl , who encourages Hitler to refine his image and create a symbol for the party - which Hitler does, by cropping his facial hair into his trademark toothbrush moustache, and making the Swastika the party's official emblem, respectively. Hansftaengl also puts Hitler in contact with the city’s elites; among them, decorated war hero, Herman Goering ; who help the party raise funds, allowing Hitler to buy his own newspaper and hire the SA , led by the militant Captain Röhm , to act as his personal security and also promote the party in the streets through agitation and violence against political opponents and Jews. The party’s new direction toward the elites and away from its working class roots upsets Drexler, who wants the party to merge with another right wing group, a decision Hitler strongly opposes. Following a tense confrontation, Hitler threatens to resign the party unless Drexler agrees to step down as leader. Drexler acquiesces, and in 1921, Hitler becomes Fuhrer of the newly named National Socialist Party. In 1923, Germany’s economic situation has worsened and the Bavarian Commissar, Gustav von Kahr , bans Hitler from holding rallies, as he believes the party’s agitation is causing further unrest around the countryside. Hansfaengl introduces Hitler to Fritz Gerlich , a renowned journalist and Von Kahr’s speechwriter. Hitler hopes he can persuade Gerlich to convince Kahr to accept him as an ally in his government. Gerlich, however, concludes from the conversation that Hitler is an unstable psychopath with a dangerous ideology and warns Kahr that he must be stopped. Kahr tries to outfox Hitler by convincing him that he is preparing to stage a military coup against the national government in Berlin and that Hitler must remain silent or else he can play no part in it. Upon learning that the proposed putsch is merely a ruse and that Kahr has no intention of working with him, Hitler confronts Kahr at gunpoint and coerces him and his associates into supporting his own plan for a putsch. To convince them to side with him, he gains the tacit approval of esteemed military general, Erich von Ludendorrff . Röhm and the SA plan to take over the military barracks in preparation for a march on Berlin. However, when Ludendorff releases Von Kahr and his associates, they alert the Bavarian Army of Hitler’s plan and the attempted coup is quickly crushed. Hitler takes refuge at the Hanfstaengl’s home, almost resorting to suicide before Ernst’s wife, Helene Hanfstaengl , stops him. Hitler is promptly arrested by the authorities and put on trial for attempted treason. Much to Gerlich’s horror, who is watching in the stands, Hitler manages to use the trial to his advantage, winning over the audience and the Judge with his courtroom theatrics and compelling speeches, in which he accuses Kahr and the national government, of being the real traitors. Consequently, the Judge awards him a lenient sentence of nine months imprisonment, during which Hitler writes his memoirs , assisted by his secretary, Rudolph Hess . After his release from prison, Hitler visits the Hansftaegls. Ernst has fallen out of favour with Hitler for abandoning the putsch in order to escape jail time and for refusing to publish Hitler’s memoirs. Their relationship is further fractured when Ernst becomes jealous of Hitler’s affections toward Helene, whom Hitler credits for saving his life by talking him out of suicide after the failed putsch. In 1925, Hitler goes to the countryside to escape politics. His older step-sister, Angela , and her daughter, Geli Raubal , come to live with him. Hitler quickly becomes infatuated and protective toward the attractive Geli, and he takes her with him when he returns to Munich to re-unify the party, which has disintegrated into warring factions since his incarceration. Blaming the putsch’s failure on Ludendorff’s incompetence, Hitler declares that the party can no longer rely on military means to achieve power but rather by following a legal, democratic course. He tells the party their task is to win elections, not cause agitation. This declaration puts him into conflict with Röhm, who continues to believe the party’s route to power is through an SA-led coup. Röhm’s refusal to bow to Hitler’s directive strains their relationship. Nonetheless, Hitler’s demand for complete subordination of the party wins the approval of the remaining party leaders, including an impressionable young agitator named Joseph Goebbels . During the late 1920s, as Germany’s economic situation once again worsens, the party’s political fortunes improve, with the National Socialists gaining more and more seats in the Reichstag with each election. Alarmed by the party’s growing popularity, Gerlich proceeds to write articles in opposition to Hitler, inflaming both Hitler and the SA, who attempt to suppress the newspaper through violence and intimidation. The paper’s editor bows to the pressure and fires Gerlich. Gerlich, however, soon forms his own newspaper by covertly using the same publishing house which produces Hitler’s newspapers, knowing that it is the one publishing company Hitler cannot afford to close down. Meanwhile, Geli, who has become distraught by Hitler’s emotionally abusive behaviour and overbearing control over her life, commits suicide with his pistol. Following her death, Hitler becomes acquainted with Eva Braun , who soon becomes his live-in lover until she too begins experiencing the same feeling of imprisonment that Geli felt. Eva eventually attempts suicide, but after the attempt fails, Hitler tells her never to do so again as it will interfere with his political ambitions. In 1932, Hitler becomes a German citizen in order so that he may run for President against incumbent, Paul von Hindenburg . Although he is unsuccessful, the party has become the largest party in the Reichstag, a fact which emboldens Hitler to demand Hindenburg appoint him Chancellor . Hindenburg, who despises Hitler, instead appoints Franz von Papen and Kurt von Schleicher to the Chancellorship, respectively, but both men fail in their positions as the National Socialists continually use their majority to dissolve each parliamentary session. Left with no other choice, Hindenburg appoints Hitler German Chancellor in 1933. Hitler tells Goering and Goebbels that they must do something drastic to consolidate their hold on power. Thereafter, the Reichstag is mysteriously set on fire, allegedly by a communist, and Hitler uses the incident to persuade the parliament to award him dictatorial powers, which include suspension of civil liberties and suppression of the press. As a consequence, Gerlich's newspaper is shut down and he is arrested by the SA. Despite Germany becoming a police state under his command, Hitler still feels insecure in his position and believes he must crush all his opponents once and for all. On June 30, 1934 , Röhm is arrested for refusing to accept that the SA must be absolved into the German Army rather than remain a separate para-military force. Given the choice by Hitler to commit suicide, Röhm refuses and is shot dead. Gerlich, who has been imprisoned at the Dachau concentration camp, is brutally beaten and murdered, and his wife sent a pair of his bloodied spectacles with no official notice of her husband’s death. Von Kahr, Schelicher and Hitler’s other political enemies are all swiftly ambushed and murdered. Hanfstaengl, who has all but completely fallen out out favour with Hitler, and whose marriage to Helene has become estranged after she has grown closer to Hitler, makes plans to flee Germany and the new regime. Following Hindenburg’s death in August, 1934, Hitler combines the office of President and Chancellor into one – at last making him the absolute ruler of Germany."] ["Holly Crosby is the daughter of Nick Crosby, the owner of Santaville, an amusement park focusing on Christmas, open 365 days a year. Fed up with being the second fiddle of her father, who is devoted to the amusement park with all of his heart and soul, she leaves him in her teenage years. Years later, she is a successful businesswoman in the big city. Although devoted to her work, she does not have a social life. One day, near Christmas, she receives a call from Peter, her father's employee, informing her he was injured in a sleighing accident. Although she is estranged from her father, she immediately packs her bags and heads back to Santaville. There, she does not plan on staying a very long time. Her father, on the other hand, is delighted by her arrival and is enthusiastic about spending Christmas with her. This upsets Peter, who notices the coldness of Holly and her lack of interest in Christmas. Holly soon finds out Peter is a guy she met in her teenage years and that she inspired his interest in The Nutcracker. She is shocked to discover that her father is near bankruptcy and that he will lose Santaville. She tries to prevent this, and although she has trouble collecting the finance, she softens up in the process, grows closer to Peter, and remembers the true meaning of Christmas. One day, she meets Ben Richards, a seemingly friendly financial adviser who decides to help her save Santaville. This makes Peter jealous, who has secretly fallen in love with Holly. She and Ben help Nick get a silent partner, but Nick is not interested, much to Holly's anger. Upset with him, she decides to confront him with being the second fiddle. He explains that he has trouble dealing with her mother's death and that he has thrown himself on his work so he would not be forced to deal with the grief. They reconcile and he finally allows her to help him. Holly convinces Nick to sign a partnership with Ben, but she finds out that Ben was only interested in Nick's money and that he tried to set him up. When the Crosbys find out they will have to come up with $50,000 to save Santaville, they start a nationwide promotion for the amusement park. Although a lot of people travel to the amusement park, it proves not to be enough to save Santaville. In the end, Peter saves the day by selling his Nutcracker dolls he has made as a hobby for a large sum. Nick kisses Ginny, a devoted employee who always has had a crush on him. In a voice-over, Holly announces that she has married Peter and that she is expecting to have his baby."] [' After making plans to spend spring break with his girlfriend Bailey Pickett , Cody Martin  decides to leave the SS Tipton, a large cruise ship where he attends school, to work as an intern for Dr. Donald Spaulding  at a prestigious research firm instead. He does so in hopes of obtaining a scholarship to Yale. When Cody\'s twin brother Zack  reveals Cody\'s plans to Bailey before Cody could, however, she becomes infuriated that Cody canceled his plans with her and refuses to speak to him. Meanwhile, Zack asks Cody for his car, which their parents will give to Cody when he goes to college, but Cody refuses. However, after Zack runs a billion-dollar submarine into the seawall in an attempt to impress a cute science assistant, and Cody does the same trying to stop him, the equipment is lost and Cody is kicked out of the program and fired. Furious, Cody tells Zack he hates him and vows to never forgive him, claiming they may be twins, but they definitely are not brothers. Elsewhere, the hotel heiress London Tipton  accidentally eats a fruit given to the dolphins which allows her to comprehend them. The Martin twins later learn that although Cody will no longer be eligible to work as Dr. Spaulding\'s intern, both boys are ideal for the Gemini Project, a massive project by Dr. Ronald Olsen , who studies the physical and emotional connection of twins. Though it takes them much thought, the brothers agree and land themselves in a camp among hundreds of other twins. Dr. Olsen explains to them that the purpose of the project is to create an emotional bond between people that he hopes will put an end to evil in the world. By doing this, according to Dr. Olsen, he must form a bond between twins. Over the course of the project, which uses the same fruit as Dr. Spaulding\'s experiments, Zack and Cody form a bond: first a physical bond, in which they can sense what the other is feeling, then empathy, or an emotional bond. After they develop these bonds, they overhear a conversation that reveals that Dr. Olsen has evil intentions. Meanwhile, Bailey discovers Cody\'s letter and reads it. She realizes Cody only wanted to obtain a scholarship to Yale and goes with London and Woody  to find him. At the institute, London learns from a dolphin that Zack and Cody are at the Gemini Project and alerts Dr. Spaulding who claims that the Martin twins may be in danger. Bailey calls the manager of the SS Tipton, Mr. Moseby , to the site of the Gemini Project while they all go to save Zack and Cody. During this time, the brothers attempt to flee the island and the army of twins, who are now mind-controlled to go after the two. The army succeeds, as Zack and Cody are captured and taken back to the laboratory, where Bailey, London, Woody, and Dr. Spaulding find them. Dr. Olsen reveals that he is Dr. Spaulding\'s evil twin and explains that he spied on Zack and Cody earlier in the movie. After telling each other off, Zack and Cody begin to merge, but the merge is unsuccessful because the twins get into an argument that escalates into a physical altercation, ultimately destroying the Gemini Project. Ronald claims he will merge everyone and attempts to reboot the machine, but he is stopped by Cody who quickly forms a plan, and he and Zack give the special fruit to the Spaulding twins, who finally understand each other by telepathically discovering that they wanted to be like each other all along. Mr. Moseby comes in with the police who arrest Ronald. Zack and Cody now understand that they make a "pretty good team." Afterward, Cody and Bailey have reconciled and visited landmarks together and Zack is driving his car, which Cody finally agreed to let him have. On the dock, Zack parks the car in a shipping area and sees his friends and brother on the SS Tipton. Unfortunately, the car is crushed by a shipping crate containing London\'s summer clothes. While Zack stares in shock, the movie ends with Mr. Moseby saying, "Well, spring break is over. Now if I could just make it to summer vacation."'] ['The story opens with Ben Mears  attacking the priest Donald Callahan  in a homeless shelter. They fall together from a high window into the street. In the hospital, Ben Mears tells his story and the reasons behind his fight with the priest to an orderly. This takes the form of a flashback in which the miniseries\' central plot unfolds. In the flashback, Ben, a successful writer, returns to his hometown, Jerusalem\'s Lot , intending to write a novel while he deals with the demons of his past. He tells Susan Norton , that as a child he accepted a dare to enter the house of Hubie Marsden. Local legend said that there was something wrong with the house and/or its owner, suggesting that he tortured and murdered children. That night in the house, Ben overheard something horrible — including Hubie begging for his life before committing suicide. Ben believes that he also heard Hubie Marsden\'s last victim crying for help, but Ben was too afraid to find or help him and fled. Ben plans to rent and investigate the house to bring catharsis to himself and to gather material for his novel, but he discovers that the owner, Larry Crockett , has sold it to a pair of antique dealers, Richard Straker  and Kurt Barlow . Shortly thereafter, the dark secrets of the town\'s residents begin to emerge. Crockett is sexually abusing his daughter Ruthie . When she spends time with a cripple named Dud  whom Crockett employs, Crockett fires him. Evie , who runs the boarding house where Ben stays, played evil games with Hughie Marsden when they were teenagers. The school bus driver is a bully who loves to torment the children he transports, forcing those he doesn\'t like to walk home. These painful revelations increase in frequency and magnitude up until the arrival of the mysterious Barlow. Barlow, a master vampire, is influencing some of these occurrences as a prelude to "recruiting" more vampires to serve him. A child vanishes, and his brother then sickens and dies. Laborer Mike Ryerson  buries the boy, then also gets sick and dies. He returns from the grave  to tempt high school teacher Matt Burke , who is rescued but suffers a heart attack. Ben is persuaded by the mounting evidence that the town is plagued by vampirism. He and his allies, Dr. Cody , Father Callahan and Mark Petrie  begin acting as vampire hunters, although they balk upon finding that Susan Norton has become a victim. Ben insists upon targeting Barlow in the hopes that Barlow\'s victims might be restored upon his destruction. The characters face their own psychological demons as the physical demons surround them. Father Callahan, trying to confront Barlow by himself, finds his faith is not strong enough. Callahan is forced to drink Barlow\'s blood, turning Callahan into Barlow\'s servant. Larry Crockett, who invited the vampire into town, sees his daughter willingly join the vampiric Dud in the night. Most of all, Ben still wrestles with his own guilt and personal failures. In the course of the hunt, Cody and Burke are killed, and Crockett, who abandons Ben and Mark to find his daughter, is killed and devoured by Dud and the other vampires instead of being turned into one of them. Mark Petrie and Ben manage to destroy Barlow, but not before he taunts Ben, liking Ben to himself as another parasite who preys on the tragedies of others. Additionally, Ben\'s hypothesis is disproven: though Barlow is destroyed, Susan is still a vampire. She tells him that the boy he failed to rescue all those years ago was already dead when Marsden died, and Ben was never to blame. When Susan turns to attack Mark, Ben is forced to destroy her. In the end, Ben and Mark set the Marston House alight, and during a chase with the school bus driver, who was turned into a vampire by his former charges and bullying victims, a gas station is damaged and goes up in flames. As the fires begin to spread, Callahan screams vows of revenge against Ben as the town\'s now vampirized population flocks to him. As Ben concludes his flashback, the orderly is deeply moved and frightened by the story, then realizes that Ben wasn\'t acting alone. He leaves to look after Father Callahan, but finds him dead, suffocated with a pillow. While he is absent, Mark slips into Ben\'s room to tell him that the hunt is now over, whereupon Ben suffers a cardiac arrest. The orderly returns and corners Mark, but decides to let him go. In his hospital room, Ben passes away, feeling at peace.'] ['The films tells the true story of explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton and his 1914 Antarctic expedition on the ship Endurance. After the ship is trapped and then crushed by pack ice, Shackleton vows to find rescue for his men. He undertakes an epic journey across ice, 800 miles of the Southern Ocean and an uncharted mountain range on South Georgia Island, to find a whaling station from where he rescues his entire shipwrecked party. Not a single man died in this real life epic adventure.'] ["While vacationing in Monte Carlo in 1927, Maxim de Winter meets the young and somewhat naive British companion of Mrs. Van Hopper, a typical Ugly American whose bout of influenza frees the girl - who, as in the original novel, is never identified by name - to spend time with the wealthy widower. When Mrs. Van Hopper announces plans to return to New York City, Max proposes to the girl and brings her to his Cornwall coast estate known as Manderley. There a large household staff is supervised by Mrs Danvers, who was devoted to Max's first wife Rebecca, the victim of a sailing accident some ten months before, whose battered body was discovered forty miles up the coast and identified by her distraught husband. The new Mrs de Winter feels overwhelmed by the vast manor, and Mrs Danvers does nothing to put her at ease, although she finds a friend in Frank Crawley, who oversees the estate. The young bride's discomfort with her new lifestyle isn't helped by the fact the memory of Rebecca has a strong hold on Mandereley and all of its inhabitants and visitors. Lacking self-confidence, she commits one faux pas after another until she is convinced Max is still deeply in love with his seemingly perfect first wife and regrets his impetuous decision to marry his second one. She is also curious about a cottage on the beach and Ben, a dimwitted scavenger who constantly assures her he has said nothing and begs her not to commit him to the asylum, references the girl doesn't understand. Max's sister Beatrice and brother-in-law Giles convince him to revive his custom of hosting an annual costume ball at the estate. Mrs Danvers suggests Mrs de Winter replicate a dress worn by a family ancestor in a portrait hanging in the gallery. The girl complies, unaware the same costume was worn by Rebecca to much acclaim shortly before her death the previous year. When Max sees her descend the staircase just before the arrival of their guests, he furiously demands she change into a different dress. In the early morning hours after the ball, Mrs Danvers openly displays her contempt for the second Mrs de Winter by taking her on a tour of Rebecca's bedroom, which she has maintained as a shrine. Showing the young girl Rebecca's wardrobe and luxurious possessions, she tells her she will never be worthy of replacing her former mistress, and she encourages her to commit suicide by jumping out the window to the stone patio far below. Her manipulations are interrupted by a distress signal from a ship that has run onto the reef just off the coast. Divers hired to investigate damage to the hull of the ship discover the remains of Rebecca's boat with a body in the locked cabin. When it is raised, the body is identified as that of Rebecca by her jewelry and dress, and it is discovered that holes had been drilled deliberately in the bottom, causing it to sink. Max confesses to his bride he strangled Rebecca in the beach cottage when she taunted him with the news that she was pregnant and that the child wasn't his. He locked her body in the cabin of her boat, sailed it offshore, drove holes into its planks, and then escaped in the dinghy, and when a body washed ashore up the coast, he intentionally misidentified it. He confesses he never loved Rebecca, revealing she was a vile woman who made a mockery of their marriage by consorting with numerous men of low character in a flat she kept in London and the cottage she maintained on the beach specifically for her many trysts. A subsequent inquest concludes with a verdict of suicide, but Rebecca's cousin Jack Favell is unconvinced. He has a note from Rebecca urging him to join her at the beach cottage on the night she died because she had something important to tell him. Jack reveals he was Rebecca's lover and suspects she was pregnant with his child, a fact uncovered by Max, prompting him to kill her. He attempts to blackmail Max, who refuses his demands. A notation in Rebecca's appointment book leads them to a doctor she visited on the day she died. He reveals that Rebecca was riddled with cancer and had only months to live, thus supporting the verdict of suicide. Max realizes she intentionally misled him into believing she was expecting another man's child in order to spur him to kill her in a murderous rage. Upon returning to Manderley, Max and his wife discover the estate is in flames, the fire set by a vengeful and despairing Mrs Danvers. Max races upstairs to rescue the woman from Rebecca's bedroom. Though he manages to make it to the bedroom and retrieve Mrs Danvers, he stumbles on the way back down; Mrs Danvers' fate is unclear. In an epilogue set ten years later, we learn that Max walks with a limp and is scarred slightly as a result of his heroic action. Having lost Manderley and choosing not to rebuild it, Mr and Mrs de Winter now live a quiet life in a small hotel, seemingly free of Rebecca's hold."] ["Mike is hired to protect Chris Jameson , an old flame who he hasn't seen in almost 20 years. Chris heads up an all female high-risk courier agency that has become tied up in a dangerous exchange involving high-stakes bribes by an American helicopter manufacturer to a corrupt General in Central America. Chris nonetheless drops dead in the middle of testifying before a grand jury, but not before informing Mike that he has a 19-year-old daughter who is caught in the middle of everything and might already be dead. Screenwriter Bill Stratton was awarded the Edgar in the category of Best Mystery Teleplay Special, the first time any Spillane-inspired material was ever given the MWA's top award."] ['Astronaut and Osteopath, Dr. Ivan Hood  and his companion Kelly  return to Earth after a 14 year space mission with two other astronauts. They are soon captured by other humans and one of their team is killed after sustaining a sprain. They are taken to a work camp, to their surprise, is run by locust-like aliens. These aliens had arrived 20 years ago to feast on the trees and used E.M.P. bombs to cripple earth before their invasion. The other member of their team is eaten alive by one of the aliens after refusing to work. The camp is supervised by human bounty hunters. After seeing how illiterate and savage humans have become due to the aliens, Dr. Hood and Kelly plan to make an escape the next day after hearing rumors that the President has survived and has an army waiting to strike back. The escape plan goes off without a hitch, but Kelly is recaptured by one of the guards. Dr. Hood travels to find the president and meets other humans who believe the President has survived. Dr. Hood and his convoy reach a secret headquarters to discover remnants of the American government and the President, who is now a former shell of himself. Extremely ticked off, Dr. Hood decides to rally the escaped slaves himself and plan an attack on the bug camp that Kelly is still being held at. The attack begins successfully and Kelly  joins in. Things seem hopeless when the bugs bring in heavy artillery, but the President\'s group arrives and pulls off a sneak attack that blows up the bug\'s tanks. The other slaves join in and defeat the bugs. Dr. Hood and his rebels then went on a quest to continue killing the bugs and gather more followers from the camps. "In time he  became known as The Great Exterminator".'] ['The Baker Street Irregulars investigate as several of their members go missing, while also trying to prevent Sherlock Holmes — who is undergoing a personal crisis — being convicted of murder.'] ["17 year old Rock Burdock  wins a nationwide contest for his tree to be planted across the White House. Faith Russel , marketing representative of the company Box of Toys who is in charge of the project, visits Rock and his father Corey . Corey planted the tree in their garden when Rock was born. He has reservations about the idea of transporting his tree cross country, but agrees under the condition that they deliver the tree themselves. While father and son drive the truck, Faith follows them most of the time in her car. Father and son are unable to strengthen their bonding and further dissensions arise along the way. However, Rock films the entire trip on camera and posts it on his blog. This gathers more and more fans on the internet and on the road and even causes some media coverage. Rock's internet acquaintance and love interest Katie  joins Rock on the way. Together they reach Washington, D.C on Thanksgiving. Meanwhile Faith's boss  secretly changed the plan. He wants to repeat the contest every year and therefore decides to erect the tree rather than planting it. After Faith's attempts to persuade her boss fail, the team now cuffs Rock to the tree and protest against its destruction. Using their media attention soon more people support their protest. Finally the President of the United States calls the Park ranger on his cell phone and tells him to plant the tree. Later Rock, Corey, Faith and Katie are invited to attend the Christmas lighting of the tree by the President."] [" By 1579, Elizabeth I has reigned for about 20 years and has refused to marry. Her chief advisor Lord Burghley and her spymaster Sir Francis Walsingham plan to have her marry the Duke of Anjou, brother of Henry III of France, to make an alliance against Spain. Elizabeth's favourite the Earl of Leicester strongly opposes the match because of his own longstanding affections for her. The Duke of Anjou eventually comes to court Elizabeth, but despite him being to her liking, she is later convinced by Burghley not to marry him because of negative popular opinion towards the match. Over time, Walsingham gathers evidence to prove that Elizabeth's Catholic cousin Mary, Queen of Scots is plotting to have her killed. Elizabeth is reluctant to have Mary executed because of the war it would likely ignite between England and Spain. During a secret meeting, Mary gives Elizabeth her word that she does not want her dead. Elizabeth hesitantly gives Leicester command of the English campaign to assist the Dutch against Spain, which fails. Once it is proven that Mary has in fact been conspiring against Elizabeth's life, Mary is judged guilty of treason and later executed. After negotiations between England and Spain fail, a fleet of Spanish ships are sent for England. Elizabeth gives Leicester command of the land forces and rides with him and his stepson the Earl of Essex to Tilbury, where they expect the Spanish to attempt a landing and where Elizabeth delivers a speech to the troops. The Spanish Armada is ultimately defeated, but Leicester falls gravely ill just as they learn of the English victory. Later, on his deathbed, Leicester bids Essex to take care of Elizabeth.  By 1589, Elizabeth has made a favourite of Essex and falls in love with him. She is openly outraged when he takes part in an English military expedition to Lisbon against her wishes, but she forgives him in spite of his failure to take the city from the Spanish. She grants him 10 percent of a tax on sweet wines and a seat on the Privy Council, of which Lord Burghley's son Robert Cecil was also recently made a member. Essex and Cecil develop a rivalry, as illustrated by the affair of Elizabeth's physician Dr. Lopez, who is hanged based on evidence brought forth by Essex of his participation in a Spanish plot against Elizabeth, evidence proven questionable after the fact by Cecil. Essex's political ambitions begin to clash with his devotion and loyalty to Elizabeth. As Elizabeth finds her young lover's behavior becoming increasingly worrisome, she draws closer to Cecil, who is named Secretary of State following the death of Walsingham. Essex is publicly hailed upon his return to England after taking Cadiz from the Spanish, but his relationship with Elizabeth begins to deteriorate. She and Cecil suspect Essex of secretly communicating with James VI of Scotland, son of Mary, Queen of Scots, a potential successor to the English throne. After Burghley's death, Elizabeth sends Essex to Ireland to put down a rebellion but he instead makes a truce and returns to England alone. Elizabeth puts Essex under house arrest. Essex and his followers fail to start a rebellion in London and are captured. At his trial, Essex accuses Cecil of collaborating with Spain but has no evidence to prove this, and he is found guilty of treason and beheaded. Some time later, Elizabeth becomes listless, going for three weeks without eating before making her way to her bed and requesting a priest, saying she is minded to die."] ['The film is about a group of girls growing up in 1960-61 London, who develop an interest in football and support for Tottenham Hotspur, which became the first English team in the 20th century to win both the English league and the FA Cup "double". Twenty years later, one of the girls is making a documentary on the sporting achievement and tracks down players from the 1960-1961 team.'] ["In 1792 during the Reign of Terror of the French Revolution, a mysterious English nobleman known only as The Scarlet Pimpernel  snatches French aristocrats from the jaws of the guillotine while posing as the wealthy but foppish and seemingly empty-headed Sir Percival Blakeney. After rescuing the Count de Beaulieu and his family, Percy becomes introduced to the beautiful French actress Marguerite St. Just through her brother, Armand, whom he rescued from an attack. Marguerite however is in a relationship with Paul Chauvelin, an agent of Maximilien Robespierre. Due to the Scarlet Pimpernel's past successes, Chauvelin is assigned to discover his identity and capture him. Percy and his associates smuggle another aristocrat out of the city while picnicking with Marguerite. Meanwhile, Chauvelin deduces that the Scarlet Pimpernel must be an English nobleman, and tries to coerce the Count de Tournay to spy on the English court for the Republic. Later, Marguerite and Chauvelin have an argument over the executions and and he angrily departs. Percy reveals his identity to Armand and convinces him to use his connections to Chauvelin to investigate the French prison holding the Dauphin, son of the former King of France. The Scarlet Pimpernel and his associates rescue de Tournay's family. Percy marries Marguerite, but soon discovers that she seemingly signed the death warrant of the Marquis de St. Cyr and his family, the man responsible for the previous attack on Armand. Believing that she was seeking revenge and is still in league with Chauvelin, Percy becomes distrustful of his new wife. Unaware that he thinks she signed the death warrant, Marguerite unhappily notices his rising disdain for her. Armand advises Percy to tell Marguerite about his suspicions so that she may defend herself; Percy refuses, but still notes that he will love her until the day he dies. Chauvelin discovers that Armand is in league with the Scarlet Pimpernel, and summons him back to Paris. Blackmailing Marguerite into saving her brother's life, Chauvelin coerces her into discovering the vigilante's identity. After finding that the Scarlet Pimpernel is to rendezvous at midnight, Marguerite tells Chauvelin. However, she immediately warns the Scarlet Pimpernel  and adds that Chauvelin betrayed her trust and faked her signature. Having been thwarted from encountering them, Chauvelin angrily leaves for Paris. Percy and his associates also depart for France to save Armand and the Dauphin. Marguerite notices that Percy's family crest bears a scarlet pimpernel, and quickly deduces his identity. After Armand arranges the firing of the gaolers in charge of the Dauphin's care, Percy and his associates use the removal of their belongings to smuggle the Dauphin out of the city. The boy is taken to a castle on the French coast, while Percy is captured while trying to save Armand. Marguerite visits her husband in prison, where he tells her to arrange for the Baron de Batz  to smuggle the boy out of France the following night. At the same time, Percy agrees to personally bring Chauvelin to the Dauphin. Chauvelin and Percy  arrive at the castle, but the Dauphin has already been removed. An upset Chauvelin orders Percy's execution, but the league of the Scarlet Pimpernel allows for his rescue. Percy returns to duel with Chauvelin, and is victorious. Percy decides to leave Chauvelin's fate to Robespierre. Impersonating Chauvelin to ensure their escape, Armand departs from the castle along with the French troops that Chauvelin had stationed there. Percy and Marguerite sail away, happily in love."] ['A heart-warming enchanting story of discovery, adventure, and the timeless power of true love. Ithaca is a beautiful reclusive princess whose eccentric ways have made her a local legend. William is a rudderless young man intrigued at the sight of Princess Ithaca. They first met at a ball held at Ithaca\'s home. William donates money to have a date and dance with her. He says a pick-up line which causes the princess to mistake him for "The Searcher", the man she has been looking for in order to search for the one who will heal the sick and frightened mythical creatures of the world.. She invites him to come to the castle the next day. William does not know what is to come if he does not tell the truth, and learns the story of Ithaca\'s past.'] ['In 1914, Lois Burnham, a college-educated woman from an affluent family, met and fell in love with Bill Wilson, a young man of modest means. They married in 1918, and after his return from World War I, the two set out to build a life together. While Lois worked as a nurse, Bill struggled to find his niche. Lois believed that Bill was destined for greatness, and despite his increasing reliance on alcohol, she showered him with love and support. Eventually, Lois persuaded a friend’s husband to hire Bill at his financial firm. By 1927, Bill was working on Wall Street and the couple was living a luxurious lifestyle. But despite Lois’s valiant efforts to control his drinking, Bill’s addiction to alcohol spiraled out-of-control. Soon his job, their lifestyle and their dreams were all gone. In 1935, after years of struggling to cover for Bill and trying desperately to manage his disease by herself, Lois finally saw him get and stay sober – not through her help, but from the support of a fellow alcoholic, Dr. Bob Smith. As Bill and Bob attained lasting sobriety and co-founded Alcoholics Anonymous, Lois began to feel neglected. Bill got and stayed sober without her help, and she felt isolated and resentful. Lois soon discovered she was not alone in her isolation and anger, and that there was a vast number of people whose lives and relationships had been devastated because a loved one was an alcoholic or drug addict. To help herself, and others like her, she co-founded Al-Anon in 1951.'] ['A cantankerous horse trainer and his jockey daughter attempt to reconcile their troubled relationship.'] ["As the movie opens, Sherlock is in pursuit of the criminal Professor Moriarty  and apparently shoots him to death. His body cannot be found, however, as it falls in a sewer. After this incident, Holmes gains notoriety with the press and the police for his apparent killing of Moriarty, and meets Dr. Watson , an early practitioner of autopsies, for the first time. Together, they start an investigation into the murder of several crime lords and become convinced that Moriarty is alive and behind a plot to organize drug dealing. Given that Moriarty is supposedly dead, Holmes finds it hard to convince Inspector Lestrade  of this claim. Holmes' investigation leads him to a prostitute , who posed as a rich woman to lure Holmes into the plot. Richard E. Grant also appears as Holmes' brother, Mycroft, who was addicted to opium by Moriarty when Sherlock was young."] ["A supervirus known as Daemon has taken over the Super Computer, and is trying to infect the entire net. Despite being a virus, she is not malevolent, and only wants to bring order to the net. To this end, she used something called 'The Word' to brainwash people she comes into contact with, and has already infected all of the Guardian Collective, apart from Bob and Matrix. Mouse, Dot, and Phong manage to seal off a few systems on the net, and when Daemon activates her infection which has been lying dormant, all but those systems become infected. During the course of the battle, Mike the TV, then AndrAIa, Matrix, and Mouse become infected, and therefore loyal to Daemon. Since it was Mouse who programmed the firewall to seal off Mainframe, Daemon uses her to break in, as she needs Bob to help infect the other sealed off systems. Arriving in Mainframe, Hexadecimal powers up in the core, and uses the energy to fight Daemon. However, it is in vain: Daemon initiates the final stage of the infection, which causes everyone infected to begin a net-wide binary countdown, which will cause them all to be deleted. Being a cron virus, Daemon's time was up, and is instantly deleted. A cure to the infection, taken from Matrix's icon, is delivered to the entire net by way of Hexidecimal through a dispersed portal. While everyone is cured, it seemingly fragments Hex into deletion, as Dot had previously described. At the end of the movie, Bob and Dot get engaged. However, a few seconds later, a portal opens and Ray Tracer and another Bob step through, leading to confusion."] ["A wedding planner named Roxanne  tries to foil her mother's plans to get married to a man she just met by sabotaging their Christmas wedding."] ['A widowed Mrs. Garrett is heading back to America on a cruise ship, ready for a new life and also looking forward to seeing her "girls" again, all of whom have grown into successful, independent women: * Blair owns Warner Enterprises, which includes a stable of hotels, and is married to Tad Warner, without children. * Natalie now serves as a behind-the-scenes producer at CNN, juggling an active love life with a frenetic work schedule that takes her all over the world. * Tootie, now preferring to be called by her real name, Dorothy, is a Hollywood-based talk show host and the mother of a 10-year-old girl, Tisha. * Jo, now a police officer, is still married to Rick Bonner and they have a daughter, Jamie. Natalie has talked all the girls and Mrs. Garrett into spending the Thanksgiving holiday together back in Peekskill, NY. When Jo is unable to attend the reunion because of work, her teenage daughter, Jamie, comes instead in her absence. Trouble soon starts when Natalie receives two different marriage proposals, so it\'s up to the girls to help solve Natalie\'s predicament. Over the course of the holiday, the girls reveal to one another the personal troubles they face in their adult years and discover that, despite the time that has passed, they need each other\'s friendship more than ever.'] ["A biracial 17-year old boy named America ([[Philip Johnson , who has experienced a difficult life of foster care and sexual abuse, undergoes counseling with psychiatrist Maureen Brennan  to help him come to terms with his painful past of childhood trauma, including growing up with a crack-addicted mother  and being shuffled through a series of foster homes including the Harpers . The film starts with Maureen Brennan  is at a group home where she is giving a small introduction about outlook for most of the group home children's future . A young America, emotionally vacant and suicidal, comes to the attention Brennan. When she tries to talk to America, he refuses to give her any answers about his childhood. She helps him understand his troubled past in order to find the courage to survive and helps him forgive and forget and move forward.Excerpts from the film America"] ["The movie is a depiction of the life of former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, focusing primarily on his mayoral career and response to the September 11 attacks.James Woods prepares for his role as NYC's ex-Mayor | Rudy: The Rudy Giuliani Story | Television News | TV | Entertainment Weekly"] ['In the year 2009, a meteor shower above Earth claims the life of American astronaut Jeff Hale ([[Brad Johnson . He awakens inside a jade-green bubble beneath the surface of a body of water filled with them. A mysterious cloaked figure pierces his bubble with a staff pressing it against his forehead, forcefully filling his mind with images to come. Dazed and in pain, he soon finds himself crawling nude onto a beach littered with metal canisters; the canisters contain unisex outfits of clothing. Soon dozens of people from different lands and historical eras emerge from the water, also nude, and they begin distributing the mysterious canisters. Remarkably, they understand each other\'s language, all except for a lone Neanderthal man, who lacks the capacity for speech. Hale learns that the "known world" is the bank of a massive river. Anyone who has ever lived on Earth at any time in history is qualified to start life anew on Riverworld, reborn in his or her prime of life. It is not immediately clear whether Riverworld is Heaven, an extraterrestrial planet, or some other dimension. Other cloaked figures are seen fleetingly, but their purpose is unknown. Food is provided, and the climate is clement. The need for shelter is easily provided by available resources and simple manual labor. Hale meets and makes close friends with some of his fellow castaways, all of them from different time periods: a young lady named Alice Liddell Hargreaves ; Mali , a former slave of the pre-Civil War era; and Lev Ruach , a Jewish victim of the Nazi Holocaust. The Neanderthal among the castaways is later killed by a man introducing himself as Lucius Domitus Ahenobarbus , a citizen of Ancient Rome. When Hale begins to argue with Lucius about the latter\'s brutal social ethics, Lucius attacks him for the leadership role, but their fight is interrupted by a group of warrior slavers under the rulership of one Valdemar , who has erected his own empire and still plans to expand by using the new arrivals as his slave force. While in captivity, Hale and the others are joined by two more prisoners: Monat , an extraterrestrial who died - along with the rest of mankind - in a cataclysm in the year 2039 he tried to warn Earth about; and a young girl named Gewnafra , the only known human being in Riverworld reborn as a child. During the night, Hale is freed by the hooded stranger he saw upon his reawakening in Riverworld, manages to hide from Valdemar\'s men, and follows his fellow resurrectees to Valdemar\'s fortress. While freeing his mates, he witnesses Valdemar holding gladiatorial games for entertainment and for weeding out the "weak" from the "strong"; but then the despot is challenged and killed by Lucius, who reveals himself to be none other than the historical Nero and subsequently takes over Valdemar\'s forces. Monat leads his fellow captives to a community of fugitives he is associated with, which is led by the aloof and cocky Samuel Clemens  who has built a riverboat christened the Go For Broke, augmented by Monat\'s technological expertise, to explore the river. Nero, however, learns about and intends to use Clemens\' riverboat to extend his dominion downriver. With the aid of a traitor in Sam\'s ranks, he invades the fugitives\' camp, imprisons Hale and his comrades, and forces Clemens to show him how to operate it. Hale and the others fight back against and overcome Nero and his men, reclaiming the riverboat, and Hale personally kills Nero in combat. Following their liberation, the band heads upstream to explore the mysteries of Riverworld. Sam gives command over to Hale, who has realized Sam\'s more popular name, but Sam asks Hale to keep it a secret from everyone else. Thus Hale becomes the Captain of the Go For Broke, while Clemens is content with just being its pilot. However, Nero is subsequently shown being resurrected in a new body somewhere else underneath the river.'] ["Melanie Adams is a divorced mother who gave birth to twin girls Val and Jessica at age 19. Nowadays, she is a successful news correspondent working in New York City. For her latest story, she travels to Los Angeles to do a report on a sick, but optimistic girl. She immediately feels attracted to the girl's doctor, Peter Hallam. Peter is a widowed father of three children; 18-year-old Mark, 15-year-old Pam, and 8-year-old Matt. Their mother died of a pulmonary hypertension, refusing treatment. The family is still grieving, and especially Pam has difficulty dealing with the loss. After a short-lived romance, Melanie and Peter part ways. They soon conclude that they can't live without each other and Melanie reluctantly gives up her job, thereby ruining her chances of becoming an anchor, to move with Val and Jessica, now 16, to Los Angeles. There, she takes a job as a co-host at a local news program and soon finds out the other co-host, Paul Stevenson, is not glad with her arrival, trying to sabotage her opportunities. Further on, she and Peter are married. Trying to adjust to Californian life does not go without trouble. Val and Mark fall in love and she becomes pregnant. Fearing their parents' judgment, they decide to visit a downtown unexperienced doctor for an abortion. Val soon becomes very sick, which forces Mark to tell Melanie and Peter the truth about her abortion. While dealing with this information, Melanie is bothered by the great impact Peter's first wife still has. Pam and the house maid Mrs. Hahn treat her horribly, she is not allowed to take in her own furniture and the twins still have to use a spare room. When Melanie finds out she is pregnant, Peter is delighted, but the children are disgusted. Realizing she already does not have enough time to spend time with Val and Jessica, she considers having an abortion. When Peter thinks she only wants an abortion because of her career, Melanie decides that she has had enough. She packs her stuff and runs away to San Francisco. The family soon realizes all the trouble they have caused Melanie. Peter convinces her to return and everyone apologizes. Pam decides to give Melanie a chance and Peter finally agrees that his first wife should not have this much impact. Mrs. Hahn is fired and replaced by Melanie's faithful maid from New York, Raquel."] ['In the film, NASA managers and Thiokol engineers argue back and forth about whether the data Thiokol has is adequate to support the risk they claim. In a teleconference, Morton Thiokol engineer Roger Boisjoly describes to the NASA team the soot from prior O-ring "blow-by" incidents on prior launches as "black", trying to communicate the severity of the malfunction, and says "it looked bad". A NASA director challenges him, asking "What does the black color mean?" Boisjoly, played by Boyle, is unable to put into words a concrete logical argument for concern about what is to him obviously a serious problem, and he just replies with something like, "I\'m telling you, if you\'d seen it, you\'d know it isn\'t good." The NASA manager demands proof before he will ground the shuttle, and the call ends leaving Boisjoly frustrated and baffled at their attitude. Unable to prove their case with certainty, Thiokol managers cave in to direct pressure and reverse their recommendation, finally recommending launch. On the human side, an interesting scene involves Christa McAuliffe talking with the designer of the "Teacher in Space" program, who enthusiastically describes to her his conception of a teacher performing experiments in space, while her students following along perform the same experiments on Earth and observe completely different results. He envisions this capturing their curiosity to stimulate an interest in science. Christa appreciates the vision, and the two have a very friendly, informal collegial conversation. He describes the complexity and great amount of effort that has gone into developing the "Teacher in Space" program, giving the example that an original plan involved a magnetism experiment with iron filings, but that that plan had to be changed due to risks: "What if those iron filings got out of their container? They could get into the equipment..." and cause a serious, dangerous equipment problem on board the shuttle. Everything has to be checked and planned and reviewed again; it\'s hard work, much harder than planning a regular daily lesson for a class on the ground. Christa understands and appreciates this, and is happy and excited to be a part of it. The end of the movie shows Challenger lifting off from the launch pad. The credits start to roll when the orbiter is out of frame.'] ['Willy Loman  returns home exhausted after a canceled business trip. Worried over Willy\'s state of mind and recent car "crash", his wife Linda  suggests that he ask his boss Howard Wagner  to allow him to work in his home city so he will not have to travel. Willy complains to Linda that their son, Biff , who is visiting, has yet to make good on his life. Despite Biff\'s promise as an athlete in high school, he flunked senior year math and never went to college. Biff and his brother, Happy ([[Stephen Lang , who is also visiting, reminisce about their childhood together. They discuss their father\'s mental degeneration, which they have witnessed by his constant vacillations and talking to himself. When Willy walks in, angry that the two boys have never amounted to anything, Biff and Happy tell Willy that Biff plans to make a business proposition the next day in an effort to pacify their father. The next day, Willy goes to ask Howard for a job in town while Biff goes to make a business proposition, but neither are successful. Willy gets angry and ends up getting fired when Howard tells him that he needs a rest and can no longer represent the company. Biff waits hours to see a former employer who does not remember him and turns him down. Biff impulsively steals a fountain pen. Willy then goes to the office of his neighbor Charley , where he runs into Charley\'s son Bernard  . Bernard tells him that Biff originally wanted to do well in summer school, but something happened in Boston when Biff went to visit Willy that changed his mind. Happy, Biff, and Willy meet for dinner at a restaurant, but Willy refuses to hear bad news from Biff. Happy tries to get Biff to lie to their father. Biff tries to tell him what happened as Willy gets angry and slips into a flashback of what happened in Boston the day Biff came to see him. Willy had been in a hotel on a sales trip with a young woman named Ms. Francis  when Biff arrived. From that moment, Biff\'s view of his father changed and set Biff adrift. Biff leaves the restaurant in frustration, followed by Happy and two girls  that Happy has picked up. They leave a confused and upset Willy behind in the restaurant. When they later return home, their mother angrily confronts them for abandoning their father while Willy remains talking to himself outside. Biff goes outside to try to reconcile with Willy. The discussion quickly escalates into another argument, at which point Biff forcefully tries to convey to his father that he is not meant for anything great, that he is simply ordinary, insisting that they both are. The feud culminates with Biff hugging Willy and crying as he tries to get him to let go of the unrealistic dreams that he still carries for Biff and wants instead for Willy to accept him for who he really is. He tells his father he loves him. Rather than listen to what Biff actually says, Willy realizes that his son has forgiven him and thinks that Biff will now pursue a career as a businessman. Willy kills himself by intentionally crashing his car so that Biff can use the life insurance money to start his business. However, at the funeral, Biff retains his belief that he does not want to become a businessman. Happy, on the other hand, chooses to follow in his father\'s footsteps.'] ["Starting in 1982 New Kerry, Massachusetts, young Cate Mandighan's mother Marie dies. Her father decides to send her to live with overseas relatives she has never met. Before leaving, her father promises her to one day look for her and asks her to write in her journal every day. Twenty six later, Cate is a highly successful editor-in-chief of a popular fitness magazine in New York City, which helps women with problems. She is engaged to the older Stewart, a powerful media tycoon with two grown children. Their engagement is widely described in the media, and although they seem the perfect couple, Cate has trouble accepting his refusal to ever have children again. One day, Cate receives a package from her father, who has recently died. In his letter, he expresses his regret for never having looked her up and requests her to scatter his ashes in New Kerry, with his friends Cavanaugh and Donahue, two Irish singers, in presence. She initially refuses to do as her father wishes, because she has always felt abandoned by him. She finally decides to head back to New Kerry, though, assisted by her personal assistant Jeffrey. In New Kerry, Cate has trouble adjusting to small town life, still maintaining her upper class lifestyle. She meets Connor Bailey, a man who makes her realize what she really wants in life. They fall in love, but Cate is reluctant to give in to her true feelings, remembering her proposal to Stewart. She decides to focus herself on her father's last request, which is troubled by Cavanaugh and Donahue's refusal to be in the same room together. She tries to help them reconcile their estranged friendship and while doing so, grows closer to Connor. In the end, she scatters her father's ashes with Cavanaugh and Donahue in presence, and returns to New York City. She is swept by Connor's unexpected visit, who has followed her to admit that he is in love with her. As she is about to kiss him, she is caught by Stewart, who is not really upset with Cate's announcement that she does not want to spend the rest of her life with him. As he leaves, Cate and Connor are finally free to be with each other."] ['Vanessa Snyder  is an admired eighth grader in her school. She has a loving single mother, Barbara , who is proud of her well-placed daughter. Vanessa is also "in" with the popular clique, led by her best friend Stacy Larson , the queen bee, and Nikki Rodriguez , who is secretly jealous of Stacy and Vanessa\'s closeness. On the exterior of the circle is the outsider, Emily , and the wannabe, Tiffany , who is dying to make it into the crowd. One day, Nikki tricks Vanessa into getting close to Tony , a boy whom Stacy  has a crush on. A web of lies, nasty rumors, and manipulation ensues, and Vanessa is ostracized by the clique for "backstabbing" Stacy. Nikki gets Tiffany accepted into the clique, and Tiffany becomes Nikki\'s sidekick at poisoning others against Vanessa. Although Nikki is the main bully, Stacy plays her part by pretending she\'s still Vanessa\'s friend and not stopping the attacks. The girls spread stories about a summer fling, shoplifting and stuffing her bra, among others. Vanessa is slowly pushed out of class activities, called names, socially isolated and the worst, her tormentors create a webpage that bashes her. Emily tries to convince Vanessa not to go running back to the clique, but Vanessa keeps attempting to seek reconciliation with Stacy, to disastrous results. One night, Vanessa has a nervous breakdown and chops most of her hair off. Then she starts skipping school, fearing the agony in the hallways. Stacy offers a fake truce to Vanessa, making it look like Vanessa copied one of Stacy\'s assignments when it was in fact vice versa. Once Barbara sees printed-out comments on Vanessa\'s hair, she tries to help by informing the school about the bullying, to no avail as they\'re unable to take disciplinary action against non-physical bullying. Barbara even tries to talk to Stacy\'s mother, Denise  but only ends up straining their friendship. Vanessa\'s spirits are suddenly lifted when Stacy invites her to her birthday party. After preparing, she arrives at a club, which is not the site of the party--it turns out there was no party at all. When discovering this, Vanessa goes ballistic and takes an overdose of her mother\'s sleeping pills, but survives and only passes out. In the hospital, Barbara reveals to her daughter that she was also emotionally bullied when she was a teenager, which caused her to encourage Vanessa to stay friends with Stacy. She says that she never dealt with it herself and wished Vanessa would learn self-defense. During a class session, Emily accuses Stacy of nearly killing Vanessa by her actions. She is also the only one of Vanessa\'s classmates to visit her in the hospital and befriend her. Back home, Barbara spots malicious instant messages popping up on Vanessa\'s computer and sends them to the principal. The culprits, Nikki, Tiffany, and a boy named Ezra  would be expelled and not graduate if they deny that they cyber-bullied Vanessa. When Vanessa returns to school, Stacy convinces her that she\'s sorry about the bullying, reuniting them both. They IM each other about how great it is to be best friends again. Then graduation day comes and the final conflict happens when after the ceremony, Nikki and Tiffany read aloud the chat between Vanessa and Stacy, which Stacy had sent to Nikki, and which Nikki had printed out. Vanessa confronts Stacy in front of the whole class, bringing everything down on her and sees right through her offer of false friendship. Humiliated, Stacy flees the school in tears and her two "henchwomen", Nikki and Tiffany, are left powerless without a leader. The class applauds Vanessa as she hugs Emily, the only true friend she\'s ever had. Barbara, who has witnessed the whole exchange, watches with pride as they both leave for an after-party, permanently disbanding the bullying clique.'] ['The plot of the film begins with the pope\'s visit to Jerusalem, a stop on his 91st trip abroad, which occurred between 20 March and 26 March, 2000. At the Western Wall, he asked God to forgive the sins of the church, before retreating alone to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. At an early age, he lost his mother and his brother Edmund. Pope John Paul lived through the Nazi occupation of his homeland, Poland during World War II. Through all these hardships, he maintained his love for Jesus of Nazareth and the virgin Mary. He became an ordained priest, and eventually the archbishop of Cracow, where he began his fight against Communism and oppression. On October 16, 1978, Karol Wojtyla became the 264th pope of the Roman Catholic Church, and now called himself John Paul II. The "Polish Pope" himself made history with the second longest papacy in history. He survived the assassination attempt by Ali Agca and used his influence to help bring Communism to its knees. On 2 April 2005, Pope John Paul II died.'] ["A small oil rig located on a small river in Louisiana hits it big and former oiler John Sanders  and his friend Emery are hired to take his ex-wife Kelly and her boss to the location. Nearby, some thugs do diving for stolen goods that were dumped nearby. Unfortunately, at the same time, a huge freshwater bull shark enters the river and starts terrorizing and killing people. Emery's people, a local tribe, believe that the shark is a spirit that supposedly protects the area where the well is manifested in physical form as vengeance for the oil rig. Several people are killed by it and an attempt by locals to kill it drives it right back up the river, towards the oil rig. As a result of all the deaths, a $10,000 reward is posted for the shark's death. Unfortunately John, Emery, Kelly and her boss are captured by the three goons and the boss is shot in the leg and ultimately bleeds to death. The oil rig has a blowout and two men are killed. The shark arrives and kills several people as well as terrorizing the crew by taunting them by swimming around the rig. John and Kelly are forced to dive for the loot and recover it while the goons drink, mock each other, and plot what to do with the money. One of the goons kills the third in order to keep the money between himself and his partner, Jerry. John manages to escape from the goons and after helping Kelly and Emery escape, shoots the fuel tank on his boat, killing one of the goons. The other one, Ice,  is killed by the shark attempting to retrieve the money. John manages to lure the shark under the oil rig and Emery activates the drill and drops it into the shark's mouth, finally killing it. John, Kelly and Emery have a tooth from the shark as proof of their kill  and debate whether or not to collect the reward, but Emery, still believing the shark is a spirit in physical form, suggests that now that it is dead, that they should just let it rest in peace. John takes Emery's advice and tosses the tooth into the river, letting it sink to the bottom. Minutes later, they are found by the local sheriff who shows up in a helicopter to check on them."] ["A small town is shocked by the brutal ax murder of a woman. However, they are even more shocked when a reserved neighboring woman, Candy Morrison , who is a wife and mother, becomes the chief suspect. During the investigation, she is placed under hypnosis which reveals a different personality completely. The film is based on the story of that Wylie, Texas, housewife Candy Montgomery's murder of Betty Gore in 1980, and sometimes is titled Evidence of Love, after a 1984 book on the murder case."] ['Donner the reindeer\'s wife gives birth to a baby fawn named Rudolph, but the two are shocked to discover that Rudolph\'s unusually red nose is capable of glowing. Santa Claus visits their cave to meet their son for the first time and warns them that Rudolph will be unqualified to pull the sleigh if he continues to carry the trait for the rest of his life, so Donner tries to conceal Rudolph\'s nose with dirt. A year later, Rudolph\'s parents take him to participate in the Reindeer Games , where he, along with all of the other young bucks, will be trained to fly and help Santa deliver toys. While there, Rudolph meets a friendly reindeer named Fireball, whom he quickly befriends and romps about with. The pair come across a doe named Clarice, who seems to take a romantic interest in Rudolph. Fireball encourages Rudolph to speak with Clarice as she happens to like him, giving him the strength to perform a dazzling leap into the air. However, when Rudolph and Fireball engage in a celebratory jostle, the cover pops off Rudolph\'s nose, unveiling his secret that costs him his friendship with Fireball. All of the other yearlings poke fun at Rudolph\'s nose, and he is prohibited by Coach Comet from taking part in the Reindeer Games. Clarice, who is not the least bit bothered by Rudolph\'s secret, stays around to try to comfort him. Soon after, Clarice\'s father forbids her to hang around with Rudolph, which shatters the young buck\'s heart and prompts him to make the decision to run away from home. Later, Rudolph meets an elf named Hermey who aspires to become a dentist, but is ridiculed for this ambition and has also decided to run away for the same reason. He agrees to join Rudolph and they set off together. Along the way, they meet a cheerfully boisterous, loud prospector named Yukon Cornelius, who dreams of discovering silver and gold and becoming wealthy. The trio struggle to find a place to stay when they come across a place called "The Island of Misfit Toys," where unwanted playthings with some sort of physical error or flaw go to live until the island\'s ruler, King Moonracer, a brown winged lion, manages to find homes for them. Rudolph, Yukon Cornelius, and Hermey tell King Moonracer that they need shelter, so he agrees to let them stay for one night in exchange for a promise from Rudolph; as soon as he returns to the North Pole, to ask Santa Claus to deliver the toys to children. Later that night, with everybody else asleep, Rudolph decides to leave the island knowing that his nose is going to be a burden for his friends . Eventually, Rudolph grows older and decides to go home, where he is agitated to find that his matured peers still poke fun at him. When he returns to his cave, he finds that his parents, along with Clarice, have left to search for him. Rudolph leaves to search for his family and is angered to find that they have been kidnapped by the Abominable Snow Monster, who plans to eat them. Rudolph headbutts the monster, only to end up getting knocked unconscious, Fortunately, Hermey and Yukon Cornelius, who have been searching for Rudolph, eventually find him and rush to his aid. They distract the monster by knocking him unconscious, allowing Hermey to extract his teeth. Rudolph awakens, but he and his family are unable to escape with the toothless beast blocking the entrance to the cave. Yukon Cornelius chases the Abominable Snow Monster to a cliff, where he dogpiles the monster and they both fall over. He is assumed by his saddened companions to be dead. The misfits return home and are no longer mocked by their peers, who are sympathetic upon hearing their story. Much to the surprise and relief of Rudolph and Hermey, Yukon Cornelius returns with a tamed Abominable Snow Monster, whom he has taught to place a star on top of a Christmas tree. The now reformed monster decides to live with Santa Claus and the other residents of the North Pole. However, a horrific blizzard is about to prevent Santa from embarking on his annual journey. While announcing the news to the elves and reindeer, he is caught by Rudolph\'s gleaming nose and asks him to lead his sleigh. Rudolph agrees, and they set off to deliver the presents, but not without giving the misfit toys a lift before the credits roll.'] ['whistle2010>Whistle and I\'ll come to You at BBC Online. Retrieved 24 December 2010.  * John Hurt – James Parkin * Gemma Jones – Alice Parkin * Lesley Sharp – Hetty, the nurse * Sophie Thompson – Carol, the hotel proprietor  The music for this adaptation was composed by Tristin Norwell and Nick Green.  As it was shown on Christmas Eve, there were few reviews. Sam Wollaston, writing in The Guardian was mixed in his review, criticising some of the changes . However, he praised John Hurt\'s performance, calling it "a masterclass in how to captivate" and noting that despite the changes "what survives...is the spirit of the story – a man, alone by the sea, haunted, pursued by something. It is terrifying."Sam Wollaston, "Review: Whistle and I\'ll Come to You", The Guardian 27 December 2010.'] ['{{Plot}} Tom Oakley is a reclusive old man living in an English countryside village in September 1939. World War II has just started, and he is forced by the local billeting officer to house an evacuee from London. Tom doesn\'t want to, complaining that he doesn\'t know about children of the boy\'s age. The evacuee is nine-year-old William "Willie" Beech, a shy boy who behaves strangely, not eating much and being very shy. He arrives in the village by steam train with a group of other evacuees. Tom leaves Will alone for a while as he goes and complains to Mrs Ford, the billeting officer. Will goes to the local churchyard, where he looks at a beautiful gravestone with an angel sculpture, and meets his future schoolteacher, Mrs Hartridge, and her husband, a pilot. They leave, and he then meets Sammy, a collie, who terrifies him. Will picks up a spade, and, before he can strike, Tom stops him, explaining that Sammy is his dog. Later, Tom unwittingly scares Will whilst stirring the coals in the fireplace with a red hot poker. Will is scared, and faints, under the misapprehension that Tom is going to beat or brand him with it. Whilst unpacking Will\'s things, Tom finds a letter from Will\'s mother, saying that he is a \'sinful\' boy, and that she has packed a belt in case he misbehaves. The next day, Will wakes up to find he has wet the bed, as he often did back in London. When Tom tells him to take his wet pyjamas off, it is revealed, to the camera only, that Will has belt marks on his back. Later, they go to the post office, where Will meets Zacharias "Zach" Wrench, a Jewish boy of around the same age, who he makes friends with. Zach is billeted with Dr Little and his wife, who are Tom\'s friends. His dad works as a fireman. Tom asks Mrs Fletcher, his neighbour and friend, to talk to her knitting club and help rustle up some clothing for Will, who only has one set of clothes. Mrs Fletcher sends her boys round old clothes for William. When William changes into the clothes, Tom sees the belt marks on his back and realises the extent of William\'s abuse. In his fury, he throws away the belt Will\'s mother sent. Mrs Fletcher sends her boys round to help with Tom\'s new Anderson shelter.Will helps out too, but wears a sweater, not only to avoid dirtying his new shirt but to conceal the belt marks. Afterwards, Tom goes to do volunteer work in the church, showing that the better side of him is coming out. One day, Will plays Tom\'s small organ, which belonged to Rachel, his dead wife. However, Tom doesn\'t like anybody touching the instrument because it brings back bad memories and warns Will not to touch it without his permission. Later that day, they go fishing, and Will brings along Zach and some other children, who he makes friends with, including two girls called Ginnie and Carrie. Not long after, the summer holidays stop. Will has to go to school, which he has been dreading. As it turns out, though, Will meets Zach there and becomes friendly with some other boys, too. On his first lesson, he is put in a lower class, with much younger children, because he is illiterate. When he gets home, he tells Tom who, when informed by Mrs Hartridge why this has happened, takes it upon himself to teach Will, so that he can be in the class he wants to. Will is a clever boy, and he learns well and quickly. Tom is astounded to discover that, despite not knowing how to write, Will can draw a near-perfect straight line without a ruler. As he spends more time with the pencil, Will uncovers his secret talent for drawing and painting. One morning, Tom is placing flowers on the graves of his dead wife and son, when suddenly, he meets William, who is in his pyjamas. Tom explains to Will how his wife Rachel and his son, Will , died of scarlatina while he was away fighting in World War I more than 20 years earlier. On their headstone it says that they both died in 1917. Will explains that he came to tell how he did not wet the bed that night. Tom is as delighted as Will himself and has, by now, become a genuine father-figure to the boy. On the day of Will\'s birthday, Tom surprises him by revealing that he has organised a surprise party. Tom, Sammy, Mrs Fletcher, the Littles, Zach, Ginnie, and Carrie are all there. In the jolly atmosphere of it all, Tom is persuaded by Mrs Fletcher to play his organ again, and gives a splendid performance of It\'s a Long Way To Tipperary. Then, when all the guests have given their presents and left, Tom gives Will the best present of all, a set of watercolours. The next day at school, Will is promoted to Mrs Hartridge\'s class to be with the children of his own age. Overjoyed, he runs to tell Tom the news, only to find another set of news from the billeting office - that his mother is ill and wants him back in London for a while to look after her. He must go, but is sad to do so. Promising to write letters, he says farewell to Tom and boards the train to London. When Will gets to London, he\'s picked up by his mother at the station, who does not seem pleased to see him. They get to the flat, where his mum tells him to be quiet, so that "no-one will know he\'s there". He is told that there is a surprise for him, a "present from Jesus". It is a baby girl. Mrs Beech\'s attitude to William is revealed as disdainful and waspish. When she hears that the belt has not been brought home, she smacks him, thinking that he deliberately left it behind, and sends him to his room. The next morning, William is greeted by an unusually friendly mum, and a meal of egg and toast. But again, Will\'s mum later loses her temper, thinking that Will stole the picture he painted and the watercolours and other presents she finds in his bag. Will truthfully tells her that he got them as gifts from his friends, who he tells her about. She is angry to hear that some of them are girls, and demands to know if they go to church. Will responds that they do, apart from Zach because he is Jewish and there isn\'t a synagogue in the village. Mrs Beech is an anti-semite and, after calling Will a blasphemer when he points out that Jesus was a Jew, locks him in a cupboard under the stairs. Over the following days, Tom thinks Will has forgot about him, until he finds the belt dug in the mud and decides that Will is in danger. He travels to London, where he meets an ARP Warden who promises to help him find Will. They get to the house, where they meet Mrs Beech\'s neighbour, who tells them that Mrs Beech has apparently gone to the coast, and that Will has been evacuated to the country . Sammy smells something in the house. They break down the door and, when inside, find Will and the baby. Will lets the baby  be held by Tom, who then passes her on to a policeman. It is revealed that the baby is, in fact, dead. Whilst in hospital, Will constantly wakes up screaming from a terrible nightmare. Tom visits, and meets the suspicious Dr Stelton, a psychiatrist who wants Will be taken to "the children\'s home", most likely a mental hospital, which Tom does not think is a good idea. Will has a haircut so that the wounds on his head can heal. Tom, meanwhile, has concocted a plan. He retrieves Will\'s belongings from the house and sneaks into the hospital when it is less busy that night. When he is sure that there are no staff about, he kidnaps Will and takes him back to the village. Dr Little informs Will that he will recover fine physically. However, Will still has nightmares. Tom reveals the root of the nightmares. It seems that the nightmares are about Dr Stelton taking him away. After opening up and talking about the nightmares, Will finds that he doesn\'t have them anymore. Later, Zach visits, with the news that Mrs Hartridge has had her baby, but that her husband is feared dead after being shot down in his plane. The baby girl is called Peggy. In the news, the East End of London has been blitzed by the Luftwaffe. Zach\'s father has been working there as an auxiliary fireman. Also, Tom and Will soon have some visitors: a policeman, Mrs Ford , Dr Stelton, and Mr Greenway, a stern-looking man from the Home Office. They are here to inform Will that his mother is dead, and that they wish to take Will to the children\'s home in Sussex. Mr Greenway talks to Tom in the garden. Mr Greenway, who is not very emotional, is baffled as to why Tom wants to keep Will. Tom explains that it\'s because he loves him. At last, Mr Greenway gives in, to the annoyance of Dr Stelton, and Tom adopts Will officially and legally to the joy of both of them. Zach, meanwhile, is packing. He has to go and see his father who has been injured by a bomb in the East End. Will is sad but later in the week he finds out that Mrs Hartridge\'s husband is, in fact, a prisoner of war and not dead. This excites everyone, but then Will turns sad again when Mrs Little reveals a week later that Zach has been killed in a bombing. Will doesn\'t go to school, loses his appetite, and doesn\'t talk to anyone, not even Tom. To cheer him up, Tom gives Zach\'s red bike to Will, which he always used to ride. But Will is still silent, so Tom takes him back to Rachel\'s grave, declaring that when someone dies, they\'re not really gone as they\'re still in your memory, just like Rachel and John are to him. Will understands, and learns to ride Zach\'s bike. The film concludes with him confidently riding the bike down a hill towards Tom, where at the bottom they hug and Will exclaims "I can ride, Dad! I can really ride!".'] ['Interweaving stories examine the personal tragedies of several characters. Ian and Susie Carter are a young English couple searching for their six-year old daughter Martha who was swept away by the tsunami. At the same time, Englishwoman Kim Peabody and her son Adam are looking for James  and John . Meanwhile Than, a Thai waiter has to cope with the loss of his family and village. Apart from these survivors, there are several officials trying to cope with the situation. There is Tony Whittaker, an overwhelmed British consular official whose faith in the powers of bureaucracy is severely tested. Kathy Graham, an Australian aid worker for a Christian charity, tries to convince Whittaker to show a healthy contempt for the rules and try to help the people as best as he can. And, there is Nick Fraser, a journalist who is investigating the lack of prior warning and corruption following the disaster.'] ["Thora Birch stars as Liz Murray, the homeless daughter of an extremely dysfunctional Bronx family. Liz Murray is a young girl who is taken care of by her loving, but drug-addicted, parents. After her mother dies of AIDS, which she got from sharing needles during her drug abuse, she got a 'slap in the face' by her mother's death and begins her work to finish high school, which she amazingly completed in two years, rather than the usual four. She becomes a star student and earns a scholarship to Harvard University through an essay contest sponsored by the New York Times."] ['An angry black priest  in 1960s New Orleans goes against the wishes of his parish leader  as he pushes a basketball game between his unbeaten all-black team and an undefeated all-white prep school team. This is based on the true story of the first integrated basketball game in the history of New Orleans. The plot follows the events leading up to the game between all-black St. Augustine High School and all-white Jesuit High. It focuses on the struggles that Father Joseph Verette had in trying to pull the game off and trying to earn respect for his team. Hired as a history teacher, Father Verrett will not let the athletes in his classes be given the special treatment that they\'ve been used to. "I teach history," he informs the headmaster when asked to take over the suddenly vacant position of basketball coach. "I believe sports are overemphasized." Moreover, coming from the North, he can\'t understand why star black athletes don\'t go to the best white colleges, as they should. "Down here, \'should\' and \'is\' is a long ways apart," the dad of the team\'s star informs him. The film includes many tangible examples of the racism then present. The blacks have to go to a separate "coloreds only" line at fast food outlets, and ordering a meal in the wrong place can and does get you thrown in jail.'] ["Callie Morgan , a workaholic magazine editor who prides herself on having no emotional attachments in her life, changes practically overnight when she undergoes a life-saving heart transplant operation. Not only does Callie find herself strangely drawn to a young girl who happens to be the heart donor’s orphaned daughter, but she also finds unlikely romance with another patient who also recently received a new heart. She soon discovers that the man, named Jasper Cates , received the heart from her donor's husband."] ["The film begins with the attempted assassination of State Police Captain Healy, while he is on a stakeout. Jesse is also wounded in the attack, but is able to get a couple shots off at the assailant and save Healy’s life. Healy winds up in the hospital and reveals to Jesse that he wasn’t on a stakeout, but that he was spying on his nephew, whom his mother believes is sleeping with his saxophone instructor. Jesse begins investigating the shooting despite protests from the Paradise town council. The town council members feel that the police department is already spread too thin and are becoming frustrated with Chief Stone. A main concern of theirs, and Internal Affairs, is the six shooting incidents he’s been involved in since his arrival in Paradise. The shooting incident with Captain Healy really ruffles their feathers because he wasn’t supposed to be out “moonlighting” with the state police. They also don’t like that Jesse ran Officer D'Angelo out of the department because he didn’t like him. The town council liked him very much because he wrote three times as many parking tickets as the other officers, and manned the speed trap into the town, bringing in substantial revenue for Paradise. Jesse refuses to have the speed trap manned, because he feels it is unethical, and eventually cuts down the tree that blocks the speed limit sign so the speed trap won’t work anymore. Meanwhile Jesse continues his regular phone calls with Jenn. She is contemplating moving in with Elliot, and Jesse tells her it would be unethical for her to move in with her producer. She hangs up on him. Jesse also continues his therapy, but Dr. Dix seems to be having trouble himself. He visits Jesse at his office and confesses that he misses being a cop. Seeing that Dix is in need of a friend, Jesse offers to buy him dinner. Jesse continues to investigate the shooting of Captain Healy despite being told not to. He questions Gino Fish about the shooting, but gets nothing. He also talks to Sister Mary John, who indicates that it may have been linked to underage prostitution, and gives him three names. Once again Jesse contacts Gino Fish, knowing his distaste for prostitution, and without diming the person out directly, Fish indicates to Jesse that he would focus his investigation on the second name Sister Mary John gave him, Teddy Leaf. Meanwhile Jesse begins sleeping with the Internal Affairs officer who is investigating him, Sidney Greenstreet. He uses his influence with her to get some information on Leaf, and begins following him. When he reveals this to Captain Healy, Healy gets very upset and tells Jesse not to pursue Leaf because he is extremely dangerous. Jesse ignores this and pursues him anyway, threatening Leaf in a bar bathroom. Greenstreet warns Jesse that he had better tread carefully, because she knows how he works: he sets people up. Jesse then gets Leaf to follow him to an apartment with Suitcase's help, and blindsides him. He ties him up in the apartment and anonymously calls the police who then bust him for breaking and entering, and carrying a weapon; both parole violations that get him locked up for a long time. Jesse figures this is better than nothing, since they can’t get him on the shooting."] ["Daphne Fields is a world famous novelist from New York City who one night is hit by a car. She falls into a coma and her memory flashes back to eight years earlier, when she was happily married to Jeffrey and had a loving daughter, Aimee. Her perfect life had subsequently fallen into pieces when she suddenly loses her husband and daughter in a fire. Nine months later, she gives birth to a son, Andrew, who turns out to be deaf. Daphne decides to learn sign language and is tutored by Dr. Matthew Dane, an educator for the deaf. Inspired by her loss, she starts writing a novel called Autumn Years. Daphne grows to be an overprotective mother. Unwilling to enroll her son in a New York public school, she enters him in a special boarding school for deaf children, headed by Matthew Dane and located in New Hampshire. Able to focus on her freelance writing career, she makes her literary debut with a bestseller and hires her best friend Barbara as her assistant. She refuses to do any promotion or tours, though, so that she will be free to visit her son at any time. She often visits his school and grows close to its principal. She keeps herself from becoming involved with him, though, feeling that she should remain faithful to Jeffrey. Meanwhile, she learns that the rights of her second novel Apache have been sold and that it will be turned into a movie. She reluctantly heads to Hollywood, where she falls in love with Justin Wakefield, who is starring in the film adaption. After one romantic night, he tells her that he is in love with her. She loves him also, but soon notices that he takes little interest in her home life and is not enthusiastic about meeting Andrew. Nevertheless, she accepts his marriage proposal and considers locating to Los Angeles with her son. Upset over Justin's lifestyle, coming and going when he feels like it and refusing to be a traditional husband, Daphne breaks off the engagement. She returns home to declare her love to Matthew, but sees him with another woman and misinterprets their relationship. The flashbacks end and the movie forwards to the present. Matthew rushes to the hospital to see Daphne, who still is in a coma. As she awakens, he admits that he is in love with her, and they get engaged."] ["Bleak Moments looks at the 'tortured, semi-articulated anguish' in suburban South Norwood, between Sylvia, and her retarded sister Hilda; Sylvia's friend at work, Pat; a teacher, Peter, Sylvia's reticent, prospective boy-friend; and Norman, a 'gormless hippie'."] ['Former U.S. Marine Corps scout sniper Thomas Beckett , who was discharged after his finger was amputated in the first film, is met by CIA officer James Eckles  and Colonel David McKenna  at his home in Montana. Despite losing his index finger he uses to shoot, Beckett still has the capability of firing a gun . Considering this, along with his impressive career from his time in the Marine Corps, Beckett is given a mission to assassinate renegade Serbian General Mile Valstoria , who is responsible for conducting hit-and-run ethnic cleansing operations in Muslim-populated areas in Serbia. The CIA fears that Valstoria\'s actions are threatening to inflame a larger conflict in the region. Given the details of the mission, Beckett requests that an additional man, a spotter, must come with him. At the U.S. embassy in Berlin, Beckett is introduced to his spotter, Jake Cole , an experienced U.S. Army sniper who is on death row for killing a federal officer who allegedly betrayed Cole\'s unit and had them killed during a mission. But Cole is released and offered amnesty if he takes part in the mission. After being dropped off into Serbia, Beckett and Cole make their way to a Catholic basilica. There, they meet an underground resistance member named Sophia . Sophia takes them to her apartment, which is perched high above the designated area where Valstoria is due to show up, near a government building. The next morning, Beckett assassinates his target. Even though the two men were far from Valstoria and used a diversionary device to cover the sound of the shot, the Serbs are able to track where the shot came from by noticing the smoke from the diversionary device that exploded. Noticing this, Beckett and Cole escape from the apartment before the Serbs are able to take them down. Cole and Beckett then move out to a nearby church that was meant to be a rendezvous point with Sophia, but the rendezvous is called off as Serb soldiers inspect the church unexpectedly. Cole and Beckett are forced to find an alternative plan. When they hitch a ride on a public tram, nearby soldiers stop the vehicle and try to arrest them, but the two operatives take over the tram and ram it into some police cars. They escape, running through the streets. Cole is captured and put into a prison where Valstoria\'s men keep their so-called \'special enemies\', but Beckett is able to escape. Beckett meets Sophia that night, and the two make a plan to rescue Cole. With the help of Sophia\'s brothers, Zoran and Vojislav, the next day they box in military trucks carrying Cole and a fellow prisoner to a prison where Cole was to be executed. Beckett takes a concealed shot, killing the passenger while Sophia kills the driver. They then help Cole and Pavel , who is a pacifist and political dissident, out of the truck and into a van that Zoran brought. Cole admits to Beckett that the assassination of Valstoria was set up to get Cole caught and then rescue Pavel from jail. The rescue of Pavel turned out to be the real mission for the two but Beckett was not informed by the CIA of it, as the mission was meant for Cole to solely execute after being captured. That night, at an abandoned factory that was meant to be the designated extraction zone, the group is ambushed by Serb tank and infantry. Both Vojislav and Zoran are killed in the attack and, after escaping from the factory through a sewer, Beckett orders Sophia to break off from the group and leave, despite objections from Cole. A distance away from the factory, Pavel insists that they should head to Komra, a Muslim town where a friend of Pavel\'s, Nauzad , lives. As the group meets Nauzad, he offers to help get the men to the border by getting them to a bus that would get them there. Within a couple of hours they are on their way but, as they cross a river, they come across an unexpected checkpoint and end up heading to Simand, the secondary extraction point, on foot. Meanwhile, Cpt. Marks  inspects the bus that the three men just departed from and suspects that they are attempting to head to Simand. Marks orders a tracker, , to take his special forces unit to Simand. As the three men arrive at Simand, they are ambushed by the special forces team in a forest outside of town, and Pavel suffers a slight flesh wound in the arm. After the trio kills the entire team, they are forced to proceed into town. They disguise themselves by taking uniforms from some of the dead Serb soldiers, in case the Serbs set up a military presence in the town. However, even though the Serbs have not arrived yet, the tracker holds up in the town factory and snipes down the team. Beckett demands that Cole take Pavel to the extraction zone while he deals with the tracker. Cole is severely wounded by the sniper, but Beckett picks him off. Pavel and Becket carry the wounded Cole into the helicopter and leave, just as Serb reinforcements led by Cpt. Marks arrive. In the helicopter, Beckett and Pavel look at Cole as he is badly wounded. Cole says, "Freedom!" and succumbs to his wounds.'] ['The film begins with a narrator telling us that Cromwell\'s tyranny is coming to an end, when we see several men approaching on horseback. We learn that King Charles II and several of his Cavaliers have been on an exploratory tour in England, checking to see if the populace is ready to back his return. At the moment he is being hounded by a troop of Roundheads. King Charles stops to bid one of his supporters, a Royalist Lord Lucius Vyne  who he gives one of his favorite rings, telling Lucius to send it if he ever needs his help. Taking the ring Lucius borrows the King\'s distinctive plumed hat and leads the King\'s pursuers away, allowing Charles and Lucius\' cousin, Lord Richard Vyne to reach a waiting boat bound for France. Lucius manages to loose the Roundheads in a cavernous entrance of a quarried chalk cliff face. In the next scene Lady Panthea Vyne  is tricked into marriage by a lecherous older tax collector Drysdale who had been seeking her hand in marriage. He promises to intercede and save her brother Lord Richard who, he tells her, is about to be executed. Drysdale tells her he can save her brother if she agrees to marry him. Leaving the church she and her new husband, no sooner reach their waiting coach that he attempts to unbutton her dress. Her small Cavalier King Charles Spaniel barks at Drysdale, who throws it to the floor of the coach and stomps it to death. Just then a gun ball blows a chunk of wood from the coach besides Drysdale\'s head. The mysterious masked highwayman known as Silver Blade"  puts a stop to Drysdale\'s advances and helps our heroine to bury her dog. She tells Silver Blade of her plight; he whispers that Drysdale has lied, telling her that her brother is already dead. "Silver Blade" then duels with Drysdale, who Panthea warns Silver Blade is the best swordsman in England. Silver Blades soon runs him through and then takes Panthea home. The event will come back to haunt them both. Next her aunt, Lady Emma Darlington  talks her into coming to live with her as Panthea is all alone now that her father and brother are dead, nevermind her dead husband. At a royal reception we learn that Aunt Emma was the King\'s \'second\' mother. The King invites Panthea to be a lady of the queen\'s bed chamber. With Panthea attracting all of the males\' admiring glances plus her now becoming part of the new queen\'s court, the King\'s mistress Lady Castlemaine  is livid. About then Panthea asks her Aunt who is \'that\' Lady pointing to Lady Castlemaine. Her aunt tells her to look away. Next Lady Castlemaine\'s guest Rudolph, introduces himself, reminding Panthea and her aunt that he is Panthea\'s cousin on her distaff side. He then introduces Lady Castlemaine, when suddenly Lady Darlington grabs Panthea and abruptly turns her back and walks away. Lady Castlemaine is fit to be tied and swears to take revenge at the slight. Cousin Rudolph plots to inherit the title as Duke of Manston Hall, Panthea\'s home and Lucius\' hiding place as well. Lucius instead of claiming his royal title, is in true Robin Hood fashion, working against the King\'s secret enemies. Panthea who has been in love with Silver Blade since the day he saved her, learns he is in grave danger and is about to be captured in a trap set for that night. She rides to warn him and saves the day after declaring her love for him. However, soon after the King leaves for France, she falls victim to the schemes of Lady Castlemaine who is after her head. Meanwhile Lady Castlemaine learns of the coach incident and pays the coachman, now a sergeant in the Kings Guards to accuse Panthea of murder. She sets her trap and soon Panthea is fighting for her life in court. After she is condemned to death Lucius attempts her rescue and ends up arrested as well. Hepasses the King\'s ring to Panthea\'s maid, telling her to take it to the King, but Rudolph sees the sparkling ring and takes it from Lucius. On the morning of his execution Lucius tricks his jailer and he and his men fight their way out of their jail and rides to the Tower of London to Panthea\'s rescue. As the hulking Axman is in mid swing, an arrow from Lucius, strikes his shoulder causing his blow to miss Panthea\'s head, but Lucius and Phanthea are surrounded; escape is seemingly immposible, but meanwhile in an amazing Deus Ex Machina, the plodding Rudolph, who can\'t wait till he is sure Lucius is dead, barges in before the King and demands to be declared the Duke of Manston Hall. The King who has seemingly forgotten his friend spys the ring and soon shows up at the tower, just in time to save the day. Lucius and Panthea are married and all ends well.'] ['Four billion years ago, before life had developed on Earth, a cosmic object fell in the seas of our planet. In modern times in the mountains of Bhutan, a huge artifact makes its way to the surface, producing a powerful electromagnetic pulse causing worldwide blackouts. Alarmed by the electromagnetic phenomenon and under request of the government of Buthan, the American NSA launches a military and scientific reconnaissance operation on site, led by Dr. K.C. Czaban  with the technical assistance of terminally ill engineer Mason Rand , picked up on the Mexican border in time for the mission. The team finds the artifact suspended in the air and object of veneration from the natives, who call it the Torus and consider it a gift from the gods with extraordinary healing proprieties. The US team enters the Torus, but an air strike by the Chinese Army against the artifact prompts an unexpected response from the object, which destroys two Chinese military planes and kidnaps a US soldier. Unsuccessful diplomatic negotiations escalate the tension in the area between Chinese and US armed forces, while inside the Torus the scientific team goes to the core of the huge machine. They discover how ancient the artifact is and speculate it could have been the spark of life on Earth, as well as the cause of multiple extinctions in the course of the eras. Fomented by NSA agent Allen Lysander , conflict explodes between the troops of the two factions and the Torus reacts, blanketing the planet with a thick cloud cover, evidently starting the process for a new mass extinction. By Presidential order, the US soldiers plant a nuclear bomb inside the Torus to destroy it, and Czaban and Rand unsuccessfully try to deactivate the device to keep it from detonating. However, the Torus absorbs the blast and, seemingly satisfied by the extreme sacrifice attempted by the two scientists, ceases its actions, sheds its external shell and, in the form of an energy sphere, leaves Earth. Four months later, Rand, now cured after his exposure to Torus, receives from Czaban the news that she is pregnant, despite being sterile before their encounter with the alien artifact.'] ["A waste disposal company has a Russian nuclear bomb to transport, and an employee decides to save money by concealing it on a freight train. This train is also loaded with hazardous and flammable chemicals including metallic sodium which spontaneously ignites on contact with water. The train suffers a brake failure and becomes a runaway heading for Denver. John Seger, an NTSB investigator, boards the train and with the assistance of the railwaymen tries various ways to stop the train. Several ideas are tried, such as coupling a following train to the caboose , a derailing attempt  in which a helicopter narrowly avoids being hit, and finally, an attempt at manually activating the brakes . The final attempt works successfully, but is short-lived. The following rescue train, unaware of the freight's slowing, speeds forward and crushes the caboose . The force disengages the brakes, causing the train to speed up once again. Meanwhile, Denver residents are struggling to collect their families and then leave town, despite rioters and gridlock. Realizing that there is no way to stop it, John and the engineer  abandon the train by jumping off before it can speed up too much. The train derails and becomes a terrific wreck. Discovering the now highly unstable bomb on-board, firefighters struggle to put out the fire at the crash site. After realizing that metallic sodium is on the train, the firefighters and NEST teams retreat to evauluate a strategy. In the mean time, all fire fighting aircraft are grounded. The misinterpretation of a radio call to a water bombing helicopter leads it to dump its load of water onto the wreck. Water comes into contact with the metallic sodium, which explodes and in turn causes the nuclear bomb to detonate. The blast causes severe damage throughout Denver and releases an electromagnetic pulse. No cars work, electricity is down and anything with a computer is shut down. After the Blast, Denver lays in ruins, John then attempts to get his family out of Denver before nuclear fallout starts. After finding a working car, John eventully reunites with his family at a refugee camp in Kansas."] ['{{Plot}} The beginning of the film shows a biker riding through the Seattle area when he realizes that a large earthquake is underway. Meanwhile, Dr. Samantha Hill is awoken by an earthquake. At the Earthquake Center, the magnitude of the earthquake is being recorded. The scene returns to the biker stopped under the Space Needle, a landmark whose legs succumb to elongating cracks. The biker speeds away to escape its collapse, but dust and shadow engulf the biker, his fate unknown. The quake is measured as 7.9 at the Earthquake Center. Dr. Hill goes to the Center, taking command and displacing the dismayed Dr. Jordan Fisher. Another quake occurs, which is initially thought to be an aftershock, but it is larger in magnitude than the original quake. Dr. Hill\'s Hidden Fault Theory is then explained. In a basketball game between President Paul Hollister and Roy Nolan, President Hollister foreshadows that when Nolan is in a desperate position in the game he takes the long shot. The president\'s aide, Sean Morris, enters the gym and informs the president of the situation. At a local hospital Dr. Zach Nolan, Roy Nolan\'s son, and Dr. Owen Hunter are performing surgery. Nolan shortcuts his way through the surgery, risking the patient\'s life but saving him some scar tissue and a pint of blood. Hunter complains about Nolan\'s refusing help. An 8.4 earthquake opens a fault which engulfs an entire train near Redding, California. As a result, Governor Carla Williams, who had just seen her daughter and her ex-husband off on a camping trip, agrees to help the Governor of Washington. Following yet more earthquakes and per the President\'s instructions, Roy Nolan constructs a task force of the best geologists and seismologists. The team includes Dr. Fisher and Dr. Hill. Dr. Hill mentions her Hidden Fault theory, which is received sceptically. When Nolan starts to realize that Hill might be right, she is given permission to prove her theory. She and Dr. Fisher visit a lake, where they see some dead animals with no visible cause of death until Dr. Hill realizes that they have died from carbon monoxide poisoning. The two sprint back to the car to get gas masks, but Dr. Fisher passes out. Hill frantically searches and eventually finds the masks, putting them on both herself and Fisher. Back at the Task Force Center, Dr. Hill predicts that the next quake will be in San Francisco. When she brings the proof and prediction to Nolan, he deems it too risky to evacuate the entirety of San Francisco. However, when San Francisco is destroyed by a 9.2 earthquake, vindicating Dr. Hill, Nolan remorsefully contacts the President, doubtful of his own ability to handle the job. Also in San Francisco were Governor Williams and her assistant Rachel. During the quake, the Golden Gate Bridge collapses completely in a spectacular fashion. At long last Amanda Williams and her father Clark Williams arrive at Browning, where everything is covered in a thick red haze. Clark and Amanda, despite Amanda\'s asthma, emerge from the car and descend into the pit that used to be Browning, curious after they hear country music coming from it. Clark digs until he finds the source of the music: a car with a dead family in it. They drive back, trying to get home, but they get trapped in quicksand. Amanda and her father Clark narrowly escape. Dr. Hill hypothesizes that they could "weld" the fault shut by letting it experience immense heat&nbsp;— the only way she knows how is to do this is by way of nuclear bombs. This is the end of the first half of the series, in which we see what all the characters are doing. At the start of the second half, Nolan and others are preparing to install the first of six nuclear bombs at correct depths to "seal" the fault. The first five go smoothly, but during the installment of the sixth an earthquake occurs, and they lose a warhead. Nolan asks if he can set it manually and the answer is yes. Nolan goes down to do it, but is pinned by the warhead when an aftershock hits. He calls the president to say he failed, and the President urges him to "make the long shot". Nolan replies "Not this time, buddy, not this time". He then calls his son to say that he is sorry for being so distant and that he loves him. Zach Nolan, meanwhile, is at the refugee camp, "Tent City" in Barstow, California. The Williams find a truck carrying survivors, and they are also transported to Tent City. In a wounded San Francisco, Carla Williams and Rachel are trapped under a wall. Rachel admits that she and her husband Jim had a horrible fight. She asks Carla to tell Jim that Rachel loves him and wants to have a family with him. The two women are found a few minutes later. Carla wakes up in a hospital in Nevada and discovers that Rachel has died. Deciding that nothing can be done about the lost sixth warhead, Dr. Hill decides to continue with the fault welding plan and detonate the first five nukes. At the last second, the sixth is activated by Nolan who manages to reach the control panel just in time. Now all six nukes have been detonated and Nolan is incinerated. It seems to work, until Dr. Hill, concerned about southern California, observes a river flowing backwards, draining into the open fault. The last nuke wasn\'t deep enough when it exploded leaving southern California still in danger. Shortly after, a massive earthquake occurs. It climbs higher on the Richter Scale, with Sean Morris narrating events to the president and the audience. Suddenly a massive crack appears at a beach near Venice, runs through Los Angeles, collapses the downtown skyline, destroys the Hollywood sign, and continues inland with the ocean pouring inside. Eventually the crack reaches Tent City and its peak of 10.5. Clark and Amanda run away from the rushing water. Dr. Hill and Dr. Fisher run amid the panic, until a tower falls on Dr. Fisher, injuring his leg. Owen Hunter joins his family and they escape. Zach Nolan rescues a little girl. When Fisher collapses, the crumbing ground stops short of their feet. They stand up to see that the southwestern coast of California has been cut away and a new island was formed. The last scene focuses on what is left of the evacuation centers and zooms out to a view from space in which the California coast and the island are distinctly separated. The movie ends with the president speaking about how this disaster was a wake-up call to the world that humans are not the masters of this planet.'] ["The plot revolves around the relationship between Sharon and Tom's characters. Tom's character is married and must protect calendar girls from murder, Sharon is a former calendar girl he must protect, but they get very close throughout the film. In the end, Tom does not have an affair with Sharon, and she is enraged and tries to kill his wife but he stops her."] ["Nikki Cominsky  is a lawyer with problems in her married life. She moved from Cincinnati, Ohio and is working for a large law firm in the Chicago area. She invites her husband to have a romantic dinner at a local restaurant, but he has already made plans to go to a baseball game. Disappointed, she goes to work and sees an invitation for dinner at the very same restaurant that she was planning on going to with her husband. At first she is irked because she is sick of the local churches' attempts at getting new followers, but quickly realizes that this may be a romantic attempt from her husband. Excited, she goes to the restaurant, but sees a mysterious man claiming to be Jesus Christ . She thinks the man is crazy and attempts to leave, but the man persuades her to stay by telling her that he would tell her who sent him after dinner. Knowing that she would want to find out who is responsible, and not wanting to refuse a free dinner, she stays. The man begins to use real life examples such as family and other religions to tie in why Christianity is the one true religion, also as to why he really is, in fact, Jesus. Throughout their evening of conversation, arguments and debate, Nikki learns things she never knew about life, Heaven, Hell, other religions, the universe, and even herself. By the time dinner is over, she notices large spike scars on the man's wrists, and her life has been changed forever. He says that she was the one who sent for him, years before."] ["Lucy opens in 1960, at the filming of the final Lucille Ball - Desi Arnaz Show . It is evident that all is not well between television's most famous couple, who send scathing messages to each other through a nervous pageboy. Co-stars Vivian Vance and William Frawley  comment on the tense situation backstage. However, all performers put on their best front as Desi introduces the cast for the last time, with Lucille  gratefully accepting the audience's welcome. The story then flashes back to 1925, when young Lucy  was living in Celeron, New York. Her desire to perform leads her to an acting school in New York, where she encounters an icy and condescending pupil named Bette Davis  and an unreceptive instructor, who deems her no good and sends her home. Her grandfather is sued for all he's worth after a tragic shotgun incident involving a child. The injured child is left permanently paralyzed and the court leaves them penniless; declaring them bankrupt. Lucy does not give up, and spends the 1930s working as a model and cigarette girl in New York City before landing a job as a Goldwyn Girl and beginning her Hollywood career. After going through a few studios without achieving star recognition, she befriends Carole Lombard  and brings her family out west to live with her. After hiring a maid called Harriet , she meets a fellow contract player Desi Arnaz , who is co-starring with her in her latest film. Lucy and Desi begin their relationship together. After recovering from Lombard's death in 1943, she moves to Metro Goldwyn Mayer and becomes a red-head for her new picture DuBarry Was a Lady, with fellow comedian Red Skelton . All is not well on the home-front, however, what with Desi away in the service and persistent rumors of his infidelity. The death of her grandfather, Fred Hunt, and a devastating miscarriage only makes matters worse. After being released from MGM, silent movie legend Buster Keaton  takes Lucy under his wing, convinced of her talent as a clown. Her comedic skills further gestate on her new radio program, My Favorite Husband. Lucy not only becomes more convinced of her comedic abilities, but of her desire to work with Desi to keep them together. Gathering the radio team together, the idea for I Love Lucy is formed and pitched to CBS. Although skeptical of the public's readiness to buy Arnaz as Ball's husband, the couple set out to prove them wrong by performing musical and comedy routines on the road, and the network gives way, convinced the show will flop. It proves a huge success, however, and remains a favorite for the next six years, overcoming a communist scare and even incorporating Lucille's real-life second pregnancy into the show, forever changing the shape of television. By 1958, their company, Desilu had bought the former RKO studio where Lucille had once worked, and continued to expand as a television empire. Lucy and Desi's relationship problems increase, however, with Desi's worsening alcoholism and Lucille's fierce commitment to her craft making her more and more difficult to work with. By 1960, it was obvious they could not go on, and prepared to end their show along with their marriage. The film concludes after the taping has ended, with Lucy and Desi walking out of the studio, hand in hand, no longer a couple but still friends, bonded for life by what they had accomplished."] ["Brooke is a plain but creative and hard-working student at the top fashion school in the nation, who has come a long way from her tough childhood spent going from one foster home to another as an orphan. She has always dreamed of becoming a fashion designer, and is thrilled to finally be on her way. But, when the grandfather she never knew about passes away, her life is suddenly turned upside down. Not only has he left her his estate, but he's left her in charge of the family business, as mob boss to one of the top crime syndicates that has been trying to go legit. If that isn't enough, the handsome new student she's falling for is actually an undercover FBI agent aiming to get dirt on her to bring down the family empire."] ["Situated in the early 1980s, Shari Karney is a successful attorney, assigned to an incest case, involving a three-year-old girl, Christie, who is being molested by her father. She initially refuses to take the case, explaining that she isn't familiar with cases involving sexual abuse. She is later convinced by the child's mother, Darlene Holland, but the trial proves to be difficult. Nine months later, she is heavily invested in the case, which involves her private life. She trouble sleeping at night and is often bothered by flashbacks of her own past. Whenever she tries to make love with her boyfriend Mark, she suffers panic attacks. She eventually attacks David Holland, the man charged, in the courtroom and is therefore sent to jail for two days. Shari fears she has ruined the case, but Darlene insists on holding her as her lawyer. The judge, however, puts her on probation and forces her to seek psychological help. She contacts psychiatrist Joan Delvecchio and admits to her that she is constantly hearing typing sounds. She reveals that as a child she was physically abused by her mother, and that her father had done nothing to protect her. Her sister Linda thinks therapy would be good for her, explaining that there must be a reason that she never wore make-up and always wore baggy clothes. At court, David is prohibited from seeing his daughter for six months. Shari is furious that thereafter, he is allowed to see her again, claiming that he then will keep on raping her. Meanwhile, in therapy, Joan notices that Shari shows the same symptoms as rape victims, but thinks it could be explained by her mother's abuse. When Mark finds out she has taken another incest case, he leaves her. She turns to her parents, but her mother blames her for having driven Mark away. Her therapist makes her write a letter to her mother. When writing, not only does she express the hatred she feels for her mother, but also reveals that she is an incest victim herself, having been abused by her father for years. She starts to remember everything and finds out that she buried the abuse so deep that she didn't consciously remember it. In sessions, Joan helps her remember the entire truth and eventually Shari tells that her father raped her after typing, which explains the sounds of typing she heard. She confronts her parents, but they respond with outrage, claiming they will never forgive her for the accusation. Linda refuses to believe her as well and has trouble even accepting the possibility. At work, her new client withdraws and Christie is hospitalized. Frustrated, she is determined to change the law, allowing incest victims to sue their parents whenever they want to, without a statute of limitations. She contacts Stephanie Chadford, another lawyer who tried to change the incest law. This requires her to step to the media, telling her own story. She is immediately estranged from her sister and disowned by her parents. Meanwhile, the process of changing a law proves to be exhausting, taking up to six years to even qualify in court, and her emotional involvement upsets her partners, who eventually fire her. In the end, however, the law changes, with Shari's help."] ["In 1815 California, Father Michael, an emissary of Pope Pius VII, has traveled to meet with novice monk Brother Tomas. The young monk's order serves as the secret repository for evil, supernatural objects collected by the Church, and kept there for safekeeping. Michael delivers an ancient statue that has trapped two beautiful female demons, Munkar and Nakir. Tomas and his friend Brother Gregory inadvertently release the murderous demons, who travel to the 21st century using the monastery's Wheel of Time. To redeem himself, Tomas pursues them to present-day Seattle, Washington, where he allies with police detective Rachel Dressler to recapture the homicidal terrors."] ['Jacob defrauds his twin Brother Esau  and flees. In Haran he gets to know his cousin Rachel , and falls in love with her. Years of hard work later he marries Rachel and reconciles with his brother Esau.'] ['Diane and Greg Halstead were once happily married, even deciding to try and get a baby at an older age, despite the fact that she already suffered two miscarriages. She has no luck in becoming pregnant, however, and this leads to an estrangement from her husband. On his latest flight, Greg, a professional pilot, finds out about a bomb threat. The person carrying the bomb supposedly wants to kill another passenger, a politician with an outspoken opinion on abortion. Unbeknownst to the killer, the politician has already left the plane because it had an hour and a half delay. Greg decides to make a sudden landing in Dayton, Ohio, but during the heavy weather, the plane crashes, killing almost all people on board. Soon, the CIA, FBI and NTSB are on the place of the accident. There are different kind of speculations about the cause of the crash, and some suspect Greg of denying to follow orders. The FBI notices that the CIA immediately collected stuff out of the wrecks and told it was top secret. Diane is devastated when she hears the news, until she finds out that Greg is one of the few survivors. She is contacted by Scott Cody, a person working for the ALPA. He announces to her that Greg is the prime suspect of the crash and collects information on her, finding out that Greg was on medicine. As it turns out that there was no bomb on board, all evidence point against Greg. Cody finds out that the CIA was spying on the plane, thereby messing up his radar. Diane states that that was the reason why Greg crashed, but Cody explains that it is more complicated. Meanwhile, Greg dies because of his injuries. She makes an official statement in which she claims her husband is not responsible, but she is not considered as a reliable source, considering the fact that she could lose pension and other benefits. Diane refuses to accept that her husband will be blamed for the crash and does everything to get the entire truth revealed. With the help of a few experts, she is able to prove that there was a fire on the plane, which caused the crash.'] ["Newspaper columnist Peyton MacGruder  finds a note addressed simply to 'T', washed up on shore. It appears to be from the victim of a recent plane crash, and carries a message of hope and forgiveness from a father to his child. MacGruder's readership is down on her column , and the paper is going to dump it unless she starts to write from the heart. Inspired, MacGruder decides to find the intended recipient of the note, all the while logging her journey through her article. As the mystery unfolds, the note affects each person she contacts significantly."] ['Cleveland "Stack" Stackhouse  is a guard with the Texas Correctional Youth Authority who witnesses the cycle of destructive choices and racial tensions among female teen offenders and decides to do something about it. He gathers African-American, Latina and Caucasian teens, and organizes a multi-racial track team behind the bars of the prison. Participation in Stack\'s track team not only breaks down the racial divides between the girls, but puts them on a path to turn their lives around.'] ["Four mentally-challenged men share a house and are looked after by Jack , their social worker. The four men try to make sense of a mixed-up world, dealing with everything from runaway rodents to helping Norman, who has a new girlfriend . Jack's life with his wife is put on hold, and he feels it's time to let them go."] ["On a stormy night in March 1980, a distraught Jean Harris arrives at the baronial Purchase, New York home of Herman Tarnower following a five-hour drive from McLean, Virginia. Her goal is to commit suicide beside the pond on his estate after confronting her former lover, who spurned her in favor of his considerably younger secretary-receptionist Lynne Tryforos. When she removes a gun from her handbag, Tarnower attempts to take it away from her, and in the struggle he accidentally is shot and collapses. Because the phone isn't working, Jean drives off to seek help from a neighbor, only to return to the house when she sees a police car heading in that direction. The film then follows divergent paths, using flashbacks and flashforwards to tell the story of the couple's initial meeting, their evolving and eventually faltering relationship, the night of the shooting, and Jean's consequent trial for murder. A divorced mother of two sons, she tends to be complacent in both her personal and professional lives, the ideal target for Herman, a vulgar man with the need to be in total control of everyone and everything. He proposes marriage and presents Jean with a ring she feels is embarrassingly large and overly gaudy for the headmistress of a private girls' school. As time passes, she presses him to set a wedding date, until he finally confesses he has changed his mind about marrying her, primarily because he has no interest in playing the role of father to her sons. Jean attempts to return the ring but he insists she keep it and, instead of allowing her to make a clean break from the relationship, he continues to manipulate her by taking advantage of her need for a dominant presence in her life. By prescribing numerous medications to which she becomes addicted, he forces her to become both physically and emotionally dependent upon him while flaunting his many affairs with other women. During Jean's trial, a flashback to the night of the shooting shows it in a very different light from the earlier portrayal. An angry Jean willfully and methodically shoots Herman and coldly watches him writhe in pain, but on the witness stand she insists it was an accident. Her staunch refusal to allow attorney Joel Aurnou to portray her former lover in a bad light prevents him from presenting any details that would support a defense of extreme emotional disturbance, and she is found guilty and sentenced to fifteen years to life in the Bedford Hills Correctional Facility in Westchester County."] ['Sheyann Webb meets Martin Luther King, Jr. one day while playing outside with her friends. They are told that Dr. King has come to Selma, Alabama to help the Negro people get voting rights. Sheyann learns many things from Dr. King. He teaches her and her friend Rachel  that when asked, "Children, what do you want?" their answer should be "Freedom." He also teaches her that everyone deserves to be treated with fairness, regardless of the color of their skin, and that children also have a battle to fight. Sheyann wants to get involved and skips school to sneak into the meetings. One night a friend of Sheyann\'s named Jimmie Lee Jackson is killed. To draw attention to the death of Jimmie Lee Jackson, it is decided that a 54-mile march to the state capital of Alabama will take place. Marchers will present a petition to Governor Wallace to protest that Negroes are not being treated fairly. On Sunday, March 7, 1965, a day that comes to be called Bloody Sunday, Sheyann and the other African American protesters march over the Edmund Pettus Bridge en route to Montgomery. Sheyann is the youngest person to attempt to march. In August, President Johnson signs the Voting Rights Act of 1965, outlawing literacy tests at polling stations.'] ['E.J. Baxter  is a headstrong and popular New York City publicist. E.J. seemingly has the "perfect life"; a beautiful condo, a loving fiancee, a great job, and an excellent boss. But E.J.\'s world takes a turn for the worse when she catches her fiancee Noah having an affair with her boss Lillah at the office Christmas party, resulting in E.J. breaking Lillah\'s expensive Gucci pump shoe, and breaking off her engagement with Noah. Now, having no one to spend Christmas or New Years with , E.J. starts to look for a new job, though with Lillah account black-balling her all over the city, E.J. has no one else to turn to except her braggish sister Roz. Feeling sympathy for her, Roz pushes E.J. to take up a job offer in Kalispell, Montana to lure corporate retreats for a year. Upon arriving, E.J. is extremely disappointed to find that her "job" is working at a Chamber of Commerce bureau with no secretaries or office, except her cheerful co-worker Jan Lucas . After a few days working together, Jan invites E.J. to the town\'s barbecue where they raise money for equipment for the Kalispell Search & Rescue team. To show respect, E.J. reluctantly goes and meets Dr. Marci Hempel and Eric, members of the search and rescue team. Marci tells E.J. that they raise money by holding various events, triathlons, pancake breakfasts, bake sales, etc. and if they don\'t raise enough money all of the tourists will go to more popular destinations such as Aspen. The day after the barbecue, E.J drives over to former client Robert Lazaar\'s chalet to take photos to lure CEO\'s for corporate retreats. While there, E.J. runs into arrogant Will Abrecht , a member of the rescue squad, swimming in Robert\'s pool. The two immediately get into an argument, as their sparring occurs partly into the movie. The next day, Jan and E.J. receive leftovers of Kalispell\'s local calendar which Jan believes is boring because it shows everyday Montana scenery. Remembering a naked Will, E.J. holds a conference with the Search and Rescue team as a new means of funding their equipment. E.J. puts her media know-how to good use by telling them each man can pose half-naked for the calendar . While the majority find it completely absurd, especially Will, Jason defends E.J. and starts a short-term relationship with her. Right after the conference, Will comes by to rudely tell E.J. that it was a unanimous vote of no, not wanting to make a joke of the Rescue Squad. E.J. is determined, and starts one by one to convince every member of the rescue squad to pose. E.J. eventually becomes successful even persuading Mayor Bob Baker, much to Will\'s dismay as he won\'t be needed because there are only twelve months but thirteen men on the squad. But E.J.\'s opinion about Will and vice versa soon change when E.J. is invited to an abseiling party and is goaded by Will to try abseiling for the first time. Although, halfway down, E.J. grips up, resulting in Will having to counsel her the rest of the way down. E.J. shyly thanks Will which finally grants Will enough courage to announce his feelings to E.J. saying that it\'s the most disgusting feeling he ever felt. E.J. is outraged and turns down his offer to sponsor the calendar, getting successful Chicago businesswoman Sonia Kendall to sponsor it instead, liking E.J.\'s breath of fresh cynicism. When everything seems to be going perfectly, Mike comes by to tell E.J. that he is completely nervous and that there\'s no possible way for him to be convinced to pose. Although, feeling a soft spot for E.J. Will volunteers instead resulting in Will and E.J. having an intimate relationship. Eventually, the calendar is successful as publicity and women surround Kalispell. Jason comes by to tell E.J that he found a new job and is relocating to Chicago with his boss and girlfriend Sonia Kendall. But when Will overhears Jan talking to Eric on how E.J. may be moving back to New York. E.J. and Will get into an argument as Will resents ever getting involved with E.J. This just causes E.J. to go back to New York earlier and re-accept her recently lost job with Lillah. It is at New York that E.J. is reminded of Will and everyone she met back in Kalispell. During an important business conference E.J. receives an emergency call from Jan that Will is in Kalispell Regional Hospital with a possibly fatal condition after falling 50 feet from a mountain. Out of insanity and love E.J. immediately flies out to Kalispell Regional and is informed by a nurse that Will is gone. Believing that Will died he comes up behind her to tell her he forgot something as E.J. tells him so has she. The two then embrace and kiss passionately. E.J. ends up residing with Will and all of her newly made friends in the hole in the ground that says Montana.'] ["In Manhattan, when a client is bitten by a rat in the dressing room of the Garsons Department Store and contracts Weil's disease, the manager Susan Costello is assigned to hire and help the best exterminator in New York, Jack Carver. Jack and his assistant Ty find a colony of mutant rats and try to convince the health department administrator and former partner of Jack, Ray Jarrett, how serious the infestation is. But the politician Ray is interested in covering the problem to protect economical interests of powerful groups.The Rats, IMDb"] ['The film begins in a police station. Several people, including high school senior Sue Snell and gym teacher Ms. Desjarden, are being interviewed by a detective about the disappearance of high school senior Carrie White. The film then flashes back to one week before the prom at Ewen High School. The popular girls at school constantly harass Carrie, with Chris Hargensen being especially vicious. After gym class, Carrie has her first period in the shower room and panics. The other girls swarm around the shower and taunt her. Hearing the commotion, Ms. Desjarden comes into the shower, and finds Carrie lying by the drain in a fetal position as the other girls hound her. As she comforts the terrified girl, Carrie asks her if she is dying, revealing she had no knowledge about menstruation and thought she was bleeding to death. Later, the school principal determines that Carrie should go home to calm down after the incident. When the principal repeatedly mispronounces her name, Carrie snaps and screams out her name. Suddenly, the principal\'s desk moves several inches in the opposite direction. While Carrie is getting her things, she discovers someone spray-painted "Plug it up" on her locker, and it\'s filled with tampons. On her way home, Carrie is accosted by a pre-teen boy on a bicycle. With no warning, his bike smashes into a tree, throwing the boy to the ground and breaking his arm. When she reaches home, Carrie\'s fanatically religious mother, Margaret White, receives the phone call from school. Margaret considers menstruation a sign of sexual sin, and locks Carrie in her "praying closet" as punishment. The next day, Ms. Desjarden notifies the girls that they are to have 50 minutes\' detention in the gym every day for a week for their bullying. If they skip the detention, they face three days\' suspension and banishment from the prom. Chris storms out in protest, but none of the other girls follow her. At the same time, Carrie researches "miracles" in the library to understand what has been happening to her. Eventually, she finds out about telekinesis, an unusual gift that enables the carriers to move or control objects with their minds. After Chris\' father John Hargensen, a lawyer, unsuccessfully attempts to get her prom ban rescinded, Chris enlists her boyfriend Billy Nolan to get revenge on Carrie. At the same time, Sue, trying to atone for tormenting Carrie in the locker room, asks her popular boyfriend Tommy Ross to take Carrie to the prom instead of her. After some hesitation, Carrie agrees. That evening, Carrie tells her mother about the prom invitation; Margaret flies into a rage and forbids her to go. Carrie uses her powers to finally confront her mother, and Margaret seemingly gives in. As prom approaches, Sue helps Carrie prepare for the big event. Chris and one of her cronies, Tina Blake, overhear their plans and plan revenge. Chris and Billy kill a pig at Irwin Hinti\'s farm and gather up its blood. On the day of the prom, Margaret begs Carrie to stay home and ask God for forgiveness, but Carrie uses her powers to throw her mother out of the room. Tommy comes to pick Carrie up for the prom on a limousine, impressed by her makeover into a beautiful young woman. As the prom progresses, more people begin to accept Carrie. Tina manages to switch the ballots for prom king and queen for fraudulent ones that declare Carrie and Tommy the winners. As Tommy and Carrie take their place on stage, Carrie notices something red dripping on her arm and looks up, seeing a bucket of pig\'s blood placed above the stage. Chris, who has been hiding with Billy backstage and has become extremely hesitant, pulls the rope, sending a wave of blood on Carrie, with some hitting Norma and Tommy. The duo run away, letting go of the rope. The bucket falls on Tommy\'s head, killing him. Carrie goes into a shock-induced trance, and loses control of her telekenesis. She locks everyone inside the gym and drops several spotlights on the floor. The sparks set the gym ablaze, causing a mass panic. As Tina screams in horror, Carrie crushes her to death with a basketball board. Ms. Desjarden manages to get a few kids into a vent, where they make their escape. Carrie opens up all the sprinklers, then causes the scoreboard to fall, electrocuting everyone else on the floor. Carrie leaves the burning gym, locking the doors behind her and leaving almost all of the students and staff to burn to death. As she makes her way back to town, she brings the destruction with her, nearly obliterating the adjoining neighborhoods. Chris and Billy, witnessing the destruction from Billy\'s truck, encounter Carrie. Billy attempts to run her over, all the while as Chris tries to stop him, but Carrie stops it and sends it slamming into a tree, killing them both. Once Carrie gets home, she takes a bath to wash off all the blood. She finally snaps back to herself, and doesn\'t appear to remember what happened. Margaret, now completely insane, calls Carrie a witch and attempts to drown her in the tub. Carrie begins to lose consciousness, but uses her last ounce of strength to mentally stop her mother\'s heart, killing her. During the disastrous aftermath of the prom, Sue goes out looking for Carrie and finds her near death in the bathtub with her mother\'s dead body nearby. Sue manages to revive Carrie with rescue breathing and hide her in the ruins of the school while the furor quiets down. About a week later, Sue agrees to sneak Carrie out of town to somewhere in Florida. As the two drive off into the rainy night, Carrie has a nightmarish vision of her mother, who warns her that "sin never dies". She wakes up and Sue asks her if she had a bad dream. When she looks at her she has transformed to Chris and lunges at her. Carrie wakes up from her nightmare and Sue asks her if she wants to stop for a moment. Carrie sighs, and tells Sue to keep driving.'] ["In 1880, Rafe Covington  is with his best friend Charles Rodney  on a vessel bound for San Francisco. However, Rodney picks a fight with the ship's captain , and the captain beats Rodney nearly to death. On his death bed, Rodney asks Covington to take care of his Wyoming Ranch and his wife, Anne . Covington promises, and Rodney dies peacefully. Covington, full of fury, beats up the captain, and then he and his other two best friends, Rock Mullaney  and J.T Langston  head off to Wyoming, where they find the ranch deserted. They immediately start to take care of the ranch. Covington heads off into town to pick up supplies, which is run by Bruce Barkow , who is wooing Anne Rodney, who has received news off her husband's death. Covington makes friends with Joe Gill , an old cowboy who was a friend of Rodney. Covington meets Barkow, but makes enemies with the Taggart brothers (Mike  and Luke  and Snake Corville . Covington meets with Anne, and tells her of what happened, but she refuses to believe him. Covington picks up the supplies, and Gill agrees to help out at the ranch. Covington, Rock, J.T and Gill round up the cattle and get the ranch going again, but this makes Barkow angry. Covington repeatedly tries to convince Anne that he was there when Rodney died and he is here to look after her and the ranch, but again and again she refuses to believe him. One day, Covington, Rock, J.T and Gill go into town for a drink, and Covington buys a new Winchester rifle that was meant for Rodney. However, Mike Taggart challenges Covington to a fight. Taggart shoots at Covington and misses; Covington returns fire and kills Mike. Snake jumps out and tries to shoot Covington, but Covington shoots him to. Covington rides out and Luke Taggart swears vengeance on Covington. Angry at everything that's been going on, Barkow gives Covington, Rock and J.T three days to clear out of the ranch, or he will force them out. He offers Gill to stay, but Gill openly sides with Covington. Barkow hires Bo Dorn ([[Brad Johnson , one of the best gunfighters in the area. The three days run up, and Covington has still not cleared out, and Barkow sends Dorn to the ranch. Dorn takes cover among the trees using a sniper rifle. Anne rides to the ranch, and tells Covington that she believes him, and has had enough of Barkow. Just then, Dorn shoots and kills J.T. Anne rides back into town while Covington, Rock and Gill bury J.T. In town, Barkow forces Anne to marry him, therefore giving him control of the ranch. Barkow takes Anne to a hotel room, and she passes out and he locks her in. Having had enough, Covington, Rock and Gill load up and ride into town. Barkow, Dorn and Barkow's thugs open fire and the battle begins. While Rock, Gill and the gunstore owner fight Barkow and his men, Covington takes on Dorn in a tense shootout. Dorn shoots Covington in the shoulder, but Covington plays dead. Just when Dorn isn't looking, Covington shoots him twice. Covington approaches Dorn, who slowly dies. Covington holsters his weapon. Barkow suddenly appears and shoots Covington again the back. Barkow prepares to finish off Covington, but Anne shoots Barkow as well with Covington's rifle, saving Covington. Meanwhile, Rock, Gill and the gunstore owner kill Barkow's thugs. However, Gill and the gunstore owner are both shot and wounded, but survive along with Rock. With Barkow and his thugs taken care of, Anne nurses Covington back to health and the town returns to a peaceful life. It's implied that Covington and Anne get married."] ["It is the story about a high school student and overachiever Taylor Rockefeller, who must deal with the pressures of the college admissions process. She also cuts her wrists throughout the movie. She struggles with finding her dream colleges. In the meantime, her mother wants her to go to a top college so she could find a suitable husband. Taylor's parents are about to breakup. Taylor realizes that lowly ranked Yates College is the right choice. However, her mother disagrees."] ["The film shows Rocco's childhood through his fight with his hero Joe Louis. After the Louis fight it flashes forward to his post career, leading up to his death in a 1969 plane crash."] ["An ancient alien life force, after lying dormant for centuries, awakens with a hunger for humans. It is up to an elite SWAT team led by a fierce assassin to save mankind from a fate worse than death. For centuries, the extraterrestrial waited for human knowledge to evolve enough to unlock the source of its deadly potential. When a brilliant scientist finally breaks the genetic code, a horde of mutant creatures begins to spawn, each a killing machine. Deep within a top-secret military base, a small army of soldiers attempts to exterminate the bloodthirsty beast, but with each life it takes, the creature grows more powerful. Is it possible that mankind's place on the food chain has finally been challenged?"] ['Fed up with spring cleaning, Mole ventures out of his underground home. He goes for a walk in the countryside and soon comes to a river where he meets and befriends Ratty . Rat takes Mole on a picnic and they briefly meet Badger and try to strike up a conversation with him, but he just mutters "Hmmm! Company!" and walks off home. Rat starts to warn Mole of the Wild Wood and its inhabitants, but they are interrupted by the arrival of the Chief weasel and his henchman. While the Chief distracts them, his henchmen steals a jar of potted meat and they make their getaway. Rat takes Mole to visit their friend Toad at Toad Hall and Toad asks them to come with him on a caravan trip on the Open Road. Rat really misses his home on the river but does not want to disappoint his friends. On the Open Road disaster strikes as a passing motorcar sends the caravan into a ditch. Toad suddenly decides he no longer wants to travel by horse and cart and thinks that motor cars are the only way to travel. Rat and Mole can do nothing but look on as Toad buys and then almost immediately crashes his cars one after another. By now, Rat and Mole are extremely worried and they decide to Call on Badger to see if he has any suggestions, If there\'s anyone Toad will listen to, it\'s Badger. Mole decides to go alone to the wild wood to see Badger, and asks a weasel for directions to Badger\'s house, but he tells Mole the wrong way to go and he becomes scared and lost. Rat soon notices Mole\'s absence and finds a note written by Mole telling him where he has gone. Rat takes some pistols and a cudgel and hurries along to the wild wood to find him. After Rat finds Mole, they Literally stumble across Badger\'s house  and rat knocks on the door. Badger, annoyed at his relaxing night being disturbed, opens the door and gets ready to tell off whoever it is who has interrupted his rest, but on seeing that it is Rat and Mole outside, he lets them in. They warm themselves in front of the fire and Badger offers them them each a hot drink. They discuss Toad\'s careless driving. The next morning they turn up at Toad Hall and try to tell Toad that what he is doing is wrong, and attempt to make him promise that he will never go near a motor car again, but Toad won\'t listen to Badger\'s advice and the three lock Toad in his bedroom. Toad feigns illness and asks Rat to fetch a lawyer. Toad then escapes and Rat, Badger and Mole chase Toad but can\'t find him. Toad stops a motorist "Reggie" and his wife "Rosemary," tricks them and steals their car, and shouts insults at a policeman, calling him "Fat face!". Meanwhile Mole becomes homesick and he and Rat visit Mole End and spend Christmas there. Some Caroling field mice turn up and after they have finish their song, Rat and Mole invite them inside for a drink, but they don\'t have very good news to share. Toad has been arrested. Toad is sentenced to; "12 months for the theft, three years for furious driving, and fifteen years for the cheek", with another year added for "being vain!" The Jailer\'s Daughter feels sorry for Toad and helps him escape by disguising him as a "Washerwoman". Toad acts his way as the humble "washerwoman" into a train driver at a local railway giving him a free ride home, but it isn\'t long until another train full of Police; Reggie, Rosemary, the Magistrate and the Clerk are after him. Toad is found out but the engine driver still lets him escape. Toad calls in at Rat\'s on the way home and Rat tells him the Weasels have over thrown Badger and taken over Toad Hall. Toad is upset after losing his ancestral home but Badger has a plan. The next night, the friends sneak through the secret tunnel and fight the weasels. But he manages to fall on top of the Chief Weasel and knock him unconscious. After victory, Badger, Mole, and Ratty settle down and think of the peaceful future, until Toad flies by in his new "Flying Machine". Differences between the Novel and the Feature Film. 1. When Mole goes to row Ratty\'s boat - In the book they fall into the river. In the film they remain dry. 2. The Picnic - In the book Otter joins them. In the film their picnic is disturbed by the weasels. 3. In the book the weasels really only have a small role. They take over Toad Hall and when the four friends go into battle for Toad Hall the weasels just run away. In the film they are depicted as more evil and sinister. They block road signs when Toad is driving his motor cars to make him crash. They petrify Mole in the Wild Wood to try and stop him from finding Badger\'s house and getting Badger\'s help to stop Toad\'s motoring insanity and they are also in the jury of the court room when Toad is being sentenced. And in the Battle for Toad hall they fight Toad and his friends. Though of course the friends win. 4. Three chapters of the book are omitted from the film: "The Further Adventures of Toad", "Wayfarer\'s All" and "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn." These chapters were adapted as TV episodes in the first series of The Wind in the Willows. 5. The character of Otter is not included, though he is in the Television series.'] ['Set on a South Carolina barrier island, the movie tells the story of 42 year old Jessie Sullivan, a married woman who falls in love with a Benedictine monk, and explores themes of mid life marriage crisis and her self-awakening.'] ['When Drake Parker  and Josh Nichols \'s parents leave to go on a ten-day cruise, Drake and Josh send their sister Megan to the airport to meet a friend in Denver. But when Drake and Josh accidentally put Megan  on the wrong flight to Los Angeles, when she was supposed to visit her friend, Jessica in Denver, Colorado, Drake and Josh leave to search for her in L.A. Once Drake and Josh find that Megan is okay, the boys decide to stay in L.A. for a while. However, Josh finds out that his G.O.  was accidentally replaced with another guy\'s G.O. When the guy and his companion have a little "talk" with Drake and Josh on the G.O\'s, Drake and Josh attempt to escape, driving around L.A. in a stolen Viper which happens to be Tony Hawk\'s. In the meantime Megan begins to like the hotel she is staying in. When they think they have lost them, Drake and Josh get pulled over by the F.B.I. But, the two "cops" happen to be two more bad guys who work with the other two criminals. The criminals kidnap Drake and Josh and take them to a warehouse, locking them away. Back when Drake and Josh were at the San Diego airport, Josh had watched the news about some crooks who stole a monetary printing press from the U.S. Treasury Department three days before. Josh figures out that the criminals are the crooks who stole the monetary printing press to forge money. After making $500 million, the crooks decide that they are going to drown Drake and Josh as one had said: "I hope you boys are good swimmers". Meanwhile, Megan finds one of the crooks\' wallets in her hotel room. She has her limousine driver take her to the warehouse, where she finds Drake and Josh. She tries to alert the police, but the phone connection goes out. Therefore, she sneaks into the warehouse and turns on the large fan, which blows around all of the money. In all of the ensuing chaos, Drake and Josh finally escape after a large fight. During the fight, Drake and Josh get chased through the warehouse and start beating the crooks with objects. Drake gets caught and the crooks tackle him. Josh tries to save Drake by tackling the other crooks. Drake and Josh get caught by the criminals and Josh raises his fist to punch the crooks but punches Drake instead, knocking him out. The police come and arrest the crooks for counterfeiting money. Megan uses some of the money she acquires from the warehouse to help her get to Denver, giving a portion as a tip to the limo driver. Josh remembers that he met a guy in the hotel bathroom about having Drake to play on TRL. As a reward for capturing the crooks, the police offers to give Drake an escort to Sunset Studios. They drive to TRL using Tony Hawk\'s Viper, which Tony\'s manager gives them permission to use because Tony has three more Vipers. Drake and Josh arrive to TRL in time, where Drake performs his new song, "Hollywood Girl". After his performance, Drake and Josh cruise around and enjoy L.A. with their dates.'] ['A Los Angeles pool cleaner accustomed to living a womanizing lifestyle runs into a challenge when he meets a wealthy, attractive new love interest.'] ["An aspiring beauty queen Danielle Stevens  and her overbearing mother Cathy Stevens  may have resorted to murder to ensure a win in an upcoming pageant. After the murder of a beauty queen, an investigation reveals the suspects to be the former lover Riley Baxter's stepmother Patrice, rival contestant Danielle, and Danielle's highly ambitious mother Cathy. At the end, it turned out, that the murderer was Danielle Stevens, who was found guilty by the jury and sentenced lifelong imprisonment. In 1997 at the time of making the film, she was already serving her prison sentence."] ['A vengeful father takes talk show host Pia Postman, host of The Pia Postman Show on WYBS, and her audience hostage on live TV, when his daughter commits suicide after being humiliated on the show.{{cite news}}'] ['Marco Poloni  enters a baking competition entitled "The Golden Whisk" to attract publicity and win prize money to support his struggling family-owned bakery. He asks for the help of uptight pastry-maker Grace Carpenter , and to show up an old rival who has also entered. Along the way Marco and Grace seem to find a mutual attraction for each other.'] ["Two people disappear along the Appalachian Trail: a young man jogging with his girlfriend and a hermit who rarely leaves his home. Sheriff Grady Barnes  finds a trail in the woods which leads him to parts of the hermit's body. That night, young Roy Satterly  is reading by flashlight when a Bengal tiger briefly appears in front of his bedroom window. In the morning, his mother, Rose , finds him sleepwalking in the woods in front of their house. A cast taken at the next victim's scene points to a tiger as the hermit's killer, so Sheriff Barnes holds a press conference to warn the public. The tiger visits Roy's home again that night. A tabloid paper offers a $10,000 reward for the tiger causing the town to be inundated with hunters and reporters. The sheriff forbids anyone from going in the woods and hunting the tiger, but while out with Deputy Sharon Weinman , he sees Roy in the woods. They give chase, but instead find a dead tabloid reporter. The National Guard is called in to help. The sheriff later sees Roy in the woods again and warns him to stay out before taking him home and giving Rose the same warning. After he leaves, she mistakenly believes Roy told the sheriff lies about there being a tiger and chastises him. Six National Guardsmen arrive, led by Sergeant Winshiser , as does Colonel James Livingston-Graham , an experienced big game hunter and tracker from England who specializes in hunting man-eating tigers. Sergeant Winshiser and his men arrogantly refuse to use the sheriff's advice and help. Graham tells the sheriff the soldiers will fail due to their arrogance and that he will start his hunt for the tiger when they finish. When the guardsmen search for the tiger, it kills one silently. Graham appears and explains how the tiger did it and helps them find the body. Later, Deputy Weinman and Deputy Ezra Hundt , the mayor's son, find one of the National Guard trucks sitting empty on the road. They investigate and Weinman tells Hundt to call their position in to headquarters. She finds that the two guardsmen were attacked by the tiger, one being killed and the other shot by his partner. Hearing Hundt blowing the patrol car horn, she runs back to the car, but the tiger has already killed him. Meanwhile, Roy encounters Graham in the woods and they discuss the tiger. When Roy asks if Graham is going to kill the tiger, Graham tells him that he must because it can't chose not to hunt whatever is around it, including people. They shake hands and part ways with Graham continuing to the scene of the National Guard attack. When he arrives, he explains how the tiger attacked the guardsmen and deputy. Later, at another press conference, a reporter reveals that Graham was exiled from India, his former home, after he failed to kill a tiger that slaughtered over 200 people. The sheriff visits Graham that night and he explains that the situation had been beyond his control. Later that night, Roy dreams the tiger killed Graham and runs to his tent to check on him. Graham offers to walk him home, but they end up going to the store where Rose works when Roy says she is working late. When they arrive, the tiger attacks and kills her. They run into the store, but are separated. Graham calls for Roy, but the tiger gets into the building and attacks him, Graham barely failing to kill the tiger with both shots he fires. Sheriff Barnes arrives after being alerted about a break-in alarm and is chased into the store by the tiger. He finds Graham's hat and a blood trail and tries to find him before hearing Roy calling out from under a truck outside. The sheriff dives under the truck and shields the boy as the tiger tries to attack. When the tiger jumps into the bed of the truck, they run to the sheriff's truck. The sheriff shoots at the tiger, but hits a gasoline tank causing it to explode and kill the tiger. Graham appears beside the building, bloody but alive. Deciding his hunting days are over, Graham returns home. Sheriff Barnes and his wife adopt the orphaned Roy."] [' The film opens at Magic Mountain, where Melissa  and her boyfriend Sam  are enjoying a day at the amusement park. Sam, a park employee, disappears early in the film while investigating the laboratory of Abner Devereaux, who is the park\'s head engineer and the creator of a series of lifelike cybernetic creatures on display throughout the park. It is subsequently revealed that Sam has been transformed by Devereaux into a mindless cyborg through the use of a tiny mind-control device attached to Sam\'s neck. Devereaux\'s increasingly erratic behavior is a cause of concern for Calvin Richards , the owner of the amusement park. Faced with a budget crunch, Richards decides to channel money away from Devereaux\'s projects in order to pay for a Kiss concert. Richards explains to Devereaux that the concert will generate much-needed revenue, but Devereaux is livid. Later, three punks  sabotage one of the rides, placing a group of riders in danger. Richards blames Devereaux for the incident and fires him. Devereaux swears revenge upon Richards, the park, and Kiss, all of whom he blames for his misfortune. When Kiss arrives for their show, Devereaux first attempts to discredit them by unleashing a robotic Gene Simmons, which proceeds to damage buildings in the park and to injure a security guard. The next day, Kiss is questioned by Richards and some security guards, but no action is taken. His first plan having failed, Devereaux attempts to sabotage the scheduled Kiss concert. He manages to neutralize Kiss\'s abilities and imprison them in his underground laboratory. Finally, he sends the fake Kiss onstage, where they perform a version of "Hotter than Hell"  with altered lyrics meant to incite the crowd to riot. The real Kiss manage to escape from Devereaux and fly to the stage for a final battle with their robotic doppelgängers. After the real Kiss dispatches the fake version, the concert continues and the crisis is averted. After the show, Kiss, Melissa, and Richards converge on Devereaux\'s lab and attempt to convince Devereaux to release Sam from his control. But when his chair is spun around, Devereaux has newly-white hair and a frozen expression on his face. It is unknown if Devereaux is now dead, or has slipped into a state of catatonia. The group is despondent, but Stanley stumbles upon the mind control device on Sam\'s neck and removes it. Sam returns to normal, with no memory of what had happened. Richards laments about Devereaux by saying, "He created KISS to destroy KISS...and he lost." The movie ends with KISS performing "God of Thunder" live onstage.'] ['Based on true events that occurred 1—12 July 1916 in Central and Southern New Jersey, as recounted in the book of the same name by Richard Fernicola, the film recounts the 12 days during which people along the Jersey coast were subject to attacks by a shark . Initially, the authorities hesitated to take action, and the issue of sacrificing the safety of human beings for the sake of business was raised. After the second attack, modest precautions were taken, and scientific experts and civil authorities published assurances that area beaches had been made safe again. On 12 July a shark was sighted swimming into the freshwater canal of Matawan Creek—one expert who had come to capture the animal speculated that this indicated a bull shark. Children and young adults swimming upstream in the creek were attacked. After the shark was finally captured offshore, an autopsy was performed, and it is said that 15 pounds of human flesh with bones were found in its stomach. In the end, four people had been killed and a fifth badly injured. The remains of one young boy were never recovered. Because a propensity for human flesh is unnatural, scientists are still investigating why this shark did what it did.'] ["The documentary tells the story of the eruption of Mount Vesuvius from the point of view of assorted inhabitants of Pompeii and Herculaneum whose names and occupations are known, including a local politician and his family, a fuller, his wife, and two gladiators. Historical characters included Pliny the Elder and his nephew Pliny the Younger. It draws heavily on the eyewitness account of Pliny the Younger as well as historical research and recent discoveries in volcanology. Extensive CGI was used to recreate the effects of the eruption.  Most of the people who were in Pompeii when the fourth pyroclastic surge hit died instantly or slowly suffocated to death. *The death throes of those in the family of Julius Polybius are based upon the 1975 discovery of the skeleton of a heavily pregnant girl  surrounded by her family, in the actual House of Julius Polybius. Julia's husband, Sabinus is shown to have most likely poisoned himself, and presumably was the skeleton lying near the foot of the bed that Julia's body was found on, with the bones of her fetus found as well. *The death of Stephanus the Fuller is based upon a cast found of a man in the fetal position . *The death of Stephanus's wife, Fortunata, is based upon the discovery of the body of a rich bejeweled lady in the gladiator barracks, alongside those of gladiators. *In Herculaneum, the death throes are much simpler, as most people were found during excavations either on the beach or inside the boat houses. Additionally, unlike Pompeii, when the pyroclastic surges hit Herculaneum, people there were instantly killed whereas most Pompeians slowly suffocated, although some died instantly."] ['Alison Gertz  is an upscale and self-assured Manhattanite. At the age of sixteen, Gertz meets a bartender named Darren and has an one-night stand with him. This results in her contracting HIV. The film shows how Gertz overcomes her fears and becomes an advocate educating high schoolers and collegians.'] ["Eleven-year-old orphan Annie  was left at a girls' orphanage when she was a baby with half a locket shaped like a heart with a key hole and a note from her parents saying they'll come back for her. The orphanage is run by the tyrannical Miss Hannigan  who starves the orphans and makes them suffer. Tired of waiting for her parents, Annie tries to escape to find them, but is caught by Miss Hannigan. She finally succeeds in running away, and makes friends with a dog, who she names Sandy. But a policeman catches her and brings her back. When billionaire Oliver Warbucks  decides to take in an orphan for Christmas, his secretary, Grace Farrell , chooses Annie. She is brought to his wealthy estate and bathes in a grand life. Although at first uncomfortable with Annie, Warbucks is soon charmed by her. He wants to adopt her, but she still wants to find her real parents, so she announces on the radio a $50,000 reward for anybody who can prove they're her parents. The orphans accidentally tell Miss Hannigan, and her crooked brother Rooster , and his dimwitted girlfriend Lily St. Regis  cook up a scheme to get the reward by posing as Ralph and Shirley Mudge .{{cite web}} Lily is left with the orphans after Miss Hannigan and Rooster leave, but Lily accidentally tells the secret. The orphans make her tell them what is going on, and she realizes that Rooster could leave her hanging as he has done before. She and the orphans come to Warbucks' mansion and they are soon found out when President Franklin D. Roosevelt  arrives with his Secret Service and evidence that Annie's parents are really David and Margaret Bennett and had in fact died several years earlier which was why they never returned for her. Rooster and Lily are arrested by the Secret Service, Miss Hannigan goes insane and is sent to an asylum, Warbucks and Grace become engaged, and Annie lives happily with her new parents."] ['The movie opens with Katherine Lewis, sharing her memories of going to see her dentist, Dr. Green, who took over Dr. Lewis\'s office after he died. Her father was a dentist as was her grandfather and great-grandfather, who performed dental work on Abraham Lincoln and she aspired to become one too. She would always have perfect teeth. Years later, Katherine grows up to be a dentist herself and runs the office that her dad and Dr. Green used to be in charge of. She is very happy with her career, but equally unhappy with her social life. She is afraid of loving anyone in case she loses them as she lost her father. Dr. Green is dead and her best friend, Mindy, is married and happy. She stays a bachelorette, and has turned down every man who pursued her. One day, Katherine is walking to the bank to deposit a few checks during a rift in her schedule and she sees Mindy across the street. She is accidentally knocked onto the road by a bike messenger. She is unable to move out of the way in time and dies instantly from her injuries after getting hit by an oncoming car. She awakens and finds herself in an area called Limbo, a place referred to being between Heaven and Hell. The receptionist reveals to her that she has died and that she must find her case worker for further instruction. A strict supervisor named Rogers comes along and reveals that when someone dies, if he or she had not performed good deeds on Earth, then they must perform community service as a mythological being in order to go to Heaven by heading up the Stairway to Heaven. If they fail, they go to Hell through the Hellevator. After looking through the book of former dentists\' choices of community service options, she decides on "Bicuspid retrieval," which she does not realize is the Tooth Fairy until she signs her contract. She is then trained by a worker named Raul on how to perform her service. When asked about the previous one, Rogers stated that she was "fired." Rogers shows Katherine to her office, which contains a non-working telephone, a television that shows her children who lose their teeth, and a vintage typewriter that automatically dictates the names and locations of said children. On her first night on the job, Katherine visits a boy named Bobby Jameson. As it turns out, children who have at least one baby tooth can see her, while those who have lost all of theirs can\'t, as the loss of baby teeth represents the loss of innocence required to see paranormal beings. He seems to be very angry and is rude to her; she changes his tooth into a silver coin with her wand and leaves, while he is somewhat convinced that he is dreaming. The next day when he is at school, a bully named Jeff punches him and knocks another one of his teeth out. Katherine comes to visit him again that night and discovers that his mother has died of cancer and his father is always busy at work. She decides to help him and the other children at his school with their problems, which lands her in trouble with the higher-ups in Limbo, as revealing herself to living humans is a grievous infraction; when she is found out, she stands before the Council of Judges  who tell her that her access to Heaven has been denied due to an overflowing tooth bank, 47% retrieval and an all time high approval rating, but she is let off with a warning. She feels that the children\'s needs are greater than hers and asks for Raul\'s help in making her visible to the parents and the school principal so that she can prove that she is real and that Bobby is not insane. Katherine succeeds in becoming visible to the adults and is found out yet again by Rogers, who comes with Raul to drag her back to Limbo. Once there, Rogers has her sent to the Hellavator. She begins her descent down it in a boiling rain, but suddenly finds herself back on Earth. She learns from Raul that not only was she dreaming, but has been given a second chance at life too. She figures that her father used his connections in Limbo to get her a second chance as she learned her lesson. She then notices Rogers as a traffic cop who mouths to her that she will be watching her. Katherine returns to her job with a newfound love of life. She finds Bobby, a new patient, waiting for his appointment with her; she explains what happened and goes on to live her life fully. After she removes his last baby tooth, though, all of his memories of her as the Tooth Fairy are lost, and she\'s saddened that he no longer knows her. His father recognizes her from when she turned visible, and she asks them to go to a baseball game with her and they accept, implying a future relationship with Mr. Jameson.'] ["The film starts with the murder of narrator Andrew Kissel , and is told through a series of flashbacks and documentary interviews, telling the story of how embezzling real estate mogul Andrew and his younger Wall Street broker brother, Robert  met their untimely end. The two men compete for the affection of their disapproving father, and try to one-up each other with Robert marrying social climber Nancy  and having 3 children, while Andrew marries TV news analyst Haley . They can't ultimately cope with their everyday lives and Nancy starts having an affair and kills her husband in Hong Kong, while Andrew starts doing drugs. Nancy is convicted for the murder of Robert and sentenced to life in a Hong Kong women's prison, while Andrew's driver Juan Castillo was arrested for Andrew's murder. Nancy and Robert's daughters are in the custody of his sister, while Haley starts using her maiden name and returned to work."] ['On August 2, 1990, with Iraqi forces and tanks roll into Kuwait City, as the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait begins. In Atlanta, CNN picks Robert Wiener  and his crew to go to Baghdad and cover the invasion. At Rome International Airport, Wiener meets his colleague and producer Ingrid Formanek . Wiener and his crew arrive in Baghdad on August 23, and stay at the Al-Rasheed Hotel. As they settle in their hotel rooms, they notice that they are being monitored. The crew report their first story on a young British boy held as a hostage by Saddam Hussein . As they continue to report stories, they get pressured by the Iraqi government. Wiener later meets the Iraqi Minister of Information Naji Al Hadithi , and requests pieces of equipment and an interview with Hussein. As the movie goes on, Wiener and Al Hadithi become friends. Wiener and his crew get access to interview Americans forced to stay in the country by the Iraqi government. The Iraqis use the American hostages as human shields for potential bombing sites. After Wiener\'s crew interview an American named Bob Vinton , Vinton goes missing. Wiener becomes worried about Vinton. Later, Al Hadithi gives CBS and Dan Rather the Saddam Hussein interview. Instead of the Hussein interview, Al Hadithi gives Wiener and his crew a trip to Kuwait. They arrive in Jahra Air Force Base, Kuwait on October 17. The crew cover the incubator story in three hospitals, but then Iraqis call off the interviews because the CNN crew broke some ground rules. As soon as they arrive back in Baghdad, Wiener and the crew become the story as the only Americans to be in Kuwait. After an argument between Wiener and Al Hadithi, Al Hadithi agrees to give CNN a Saddam Hussein interview. On October 29, Bernard Shaw  and the CNN crew interview Saddam Hussein at one of his presidential palaces. In the interview, Hussein states that Iraq withdrawing from Kuwait would be like the U.S. withdrawing from Hawaii. The crew then covers the release of American hostages from Iraq. Wiener then finds Bob Vinton and is emotionally moved by his being safe. The United Nations gives Iraq until January 15, 1991 to withdraw from Kuwait, or face military action. As the deadline comes to an end the crew sees that the Iraqi Army is installing anti-aircraft guns in Baghdad. The crew then gets a piece of equipment called the four-wire, which gives them communications to CNN in Atlanta. The four-wire is essentially a direct phone line to their CNN facility in Jordan. From that point it can hit the satellite above and then go to Atlanta, CNN headquarters. The Iraqis eventually find out that the crew have established communication with Atlanta. The CNN crew is the only foreign news group with the four wire. On January 9, the crew eventually believe that there will be war. Bernard Shaw arrives in Baghdad again on January 13 to interview Saddam Hussein again at the deadline. As soon as the deadline expires, streets in Baghdad are empty and businesses are shut down. Americans and foreign news groups begin evacuating Baghdad on January 15 in fear of American bombing strikes. Wiener decides to stay, and some members of the crew decide to leave. At around 3 a.m. on January 17, U.S. F-117 Nighthawk Stealth Fighters begin to bomb Baghdad. Iraqi soldiers begin to fire anti-aircraft guns into the sky to shoot down the bombers. As soon as the bombing strikes begin, CNN correspondents Bernard Shaw , John Holliman  and Peter Arnett  begin to report and describe the bombings on the four-wire communicator. The reports are broadcasted live on CNN in America. The film shows the points of view from Saddam Hussein and U.S. President George H. W. Bush watching the CNN reports. It also intersperses actual archival footage of news anchors from rival networks, having to report off CNN\'s live feed, since CNN was the only news source transmitting during the bombing of Bagdad. Other archival footage is of Dick Cheney, during a news conference as Bush\'s Defense Secretary, stating "The best coverage I\'ve seen of what transpired in Baghdad was on CNN", and NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw stating, "CNN used to be called the little network that could. It\'s no longer a little network." At around 5 a.m., the crew is forced to stop reporting by Al Hadithi and Iraqi soldiers. Most of the crew leaves Baghdad, including Formanek and Shaw. Wiener stays, returning to America on January 23. The film ended showing the destruction of buildings from bombings in Baghdad.'] ['The movie starts out in Coventry with Queen Miranda in King Aron\'s study, telling his portrait how much she misses him. When she emerges, she is followed by a shadow. She waves her hand and a wall appears, concealing the door. In the Earth dimension, Camryn makes a mess when she tries to magically put dishes into a dishwasher. Alex is living with them because she is going to Waverly University. Karsh and Ileana show up and announce they are getting married and that Miranda wants to see them. Alex doesn\'t go because she doesn\'t want to miss class so Camryn goes where she meets a handsome man named Demitri. She believes him to be a prince, but it turns out that he\'s not; he\'s a powerless kitchen servant. At school, Alex meets Marcus, who is Camryn\'s ex boyfriend. He mistakes her for Camryn until Beth informs him otherwise. Both Alex and Camryn have been receiving signs that their father is alive in the Shadowlands. Miranda believes that Thantos is becoming powerful again and wants the girls to use a vanquishing spell during an eclipse, when their powers will be at their strongest. If they perform the spell, everything in the Shadowlands will be destroyed, Thantos... and Aron. Alex doesn\'t want to do it and mistakenly brings back Thantos. He goes off to destroy Aron\'s Shadow. Camryn and Alex follow, and when Thantos takes Aron back to Coventry, everyone is locked out. Demitri helps them get into the castle. When asked how, he reveals that Miranda gave him his powers back. Together as one, Camryn, Alex, and Miranda bring Aron back and Aron defeats Thantos. The movie ends with Karsh and Ileana\'s wedding. Everyone is there. David and Emily, their housekeeper, even Beth and Marcus. Camryn and Demitri share a loving look. Then she waves to Beth while Marcus and Alex wink at each other. Marcus whispers to Beth..."I can\'t believe you\'re not more freaked out about this." Beth replies, "What\'s there to be freaked out about?" She looks around Coventry. "I\'m just jealous she\'s got this much room in the back of her closet." Karsh and Ileana exchange rings and Aron and Miranda pronounce them husband and wife. They kiss and have the reception. The movie ends with the twins, Iliana, Karsh, Miranda and Aron, all chanting, "Go Twitches, Go Twitches."'] ['At a government laboratory, a weaponized version of influenza is accidentally released, immediately wiping out everyone at the laboratory, save for security guard Charles Campion and his family, who flee the base. However, Campion unknowingly spreads the "super flu" to the outside world. One of the first sites of infection is at a gas station in East Texas where Stu Redman  and some friends have gathered. While others take sick, Stu remains mysteriously healthy and is kept in confinement at a CDC facility in order to study a possible cure. This proves futile and the superflu rages unchecked, killing over 99% of the population. After the infection runs its course a small group of immune survivors lies scattered across the country. These include rock star Larry Underwood , who has just had his big break but is now stranded in a dead New York City, Nick Andros  a deaf man in the midwest, Frannie Goldsmith  a teenager in Ogunquit, Maine, Lloyd Henreid  a criminal stuck in a prison cell, and "Trashcan Man"  a mentally ill scavenger. The survivors soon begin having visions, either of Mother Abagail  a kindly old black woman, or of a demonic seeming man named Randall Flagg, . The two sets of visions call their recipients to travel either to Nebraska to meet Mother Abagail, or to Las Vegas to join Randall Flagg. As their journeys begin, Lloyd Henreid is freed from prison by Randall Flagg in exchange for becoming Flagg\'s second in command. Trashcan Man, who is a pyromaniac, destroys a set of fuel tanks outside of Des Moines, Iowa hoping to find acceptance with Randall Flagg. Larry Underwood escapes New York and meets a mysterious woman Nadine Cross . Despite their mutual attraction, Nadine is unable to consummate a relationship with Larry, because of her visions of Randall Flagg, who commands her to join him as his concubine. Eventually she leaves Larry to travel on her own. Stu escapes from the CDC facility and soon gathers a group around him including retired professor Glen Bateman , Frannie Goldsmith, and Harold Lauder  a hometown acquaintance of Frannie\'s who also survived the superflu. Harold grows increasingly frustrated at the way that Stu assumes a leadership role and at Stu\'s growing romance with Frannie, on whom Harold has a crush. Meanwhile, Nick Andros, makes his way across the midwest, eventually joined by Tom Cullen  a gentle mentally challenged man. Eventually, Stu\'s group reaches Mother Abagail\'s farm in Hemingford Home, Nebraska. She tells them of a great conflict that will soon be coming and that they must all travel on to Boulder, Colorado. There, the various survivors, including Nick Andros, Tom Cullen, and Larry Underwood, join with others to form a new community based around Mother Abagail\'s teachings. Meanwhile, Randall Flagg has set up his own society in Las Vegas, dedicated to violence and excess. For a while, everything seems good in Boulder as people settle down to a new life. However, Frannie discovers that she is pregnant with Jess Rider\'s child , something which causes her anxiety because she is not sure whether her child will be immune to the superflu. Meanwhile, Harold Lauder grows increasingly dissatisfied with his life in Boulder and begins experiencing visions from Randall Flagg. He is soon seduced by Nadine Cross, and decides to follow Flagg\'s dictates. Mother Abagail, now the spiritual center of the community, becomes convinced that she has fallen into the sin of pride, and leaves town to walk in the wilderness. Harold builds a bomb and hides it inside the building where Boulder\'s newly formed leadership council is meeting. Nick Andros notices the bomb and attempts to get it away from everyone else, dying in the process. Most survive, to learn that Mother Abagail has returned from exile and lies dying. Before she passes away she tells Stu, Larry, Glen, and fellow council member Ralph Brentner that they must travel to Las Vegas to confront Flagg. With Winter fast approaching the four men set out on their quest. While crossing a washed out road, Stu breaks his leg and stays behind while the others continue. Larry, Glen, and Ralph are soon captured by Flagg\'s forces and forced to endure a show trial before being executed. As they are being tortured, to the delight of Flagg\'s acolytes, Trashcan Man arrives, with a nuclear bomb on a cart. As Flagg transforms into a demonic visage, a spectral hand reaches out and detonates the bomb, destroying Las Vegas and apparently killing Flagg. Stu is rescued by Tom Cullen, who takes him to a nearby cabin to heal as winter sets in. Back in Boulder no one is sure what happened to their missing friends, until Tom and Stu show up in the midst of a blinding snow storm. Soon after being reunited with Stu, Frannie gives birth to a healthy baby; a daughter named in honor of Mother Abagail.'] ['Marian is a fashion designer who thinks she is leading the perfect life when she marries attorney Edward. It soon turns out to be that her husband is the son of a powerful mafia family. Soon, the family involves Marian and her friends with organized crime, ruining her life. She starts to fight against the family when one of her best friends is murdered.'] ["Ted Cogan  is a United States National Guard captain commanding a National Guard unit in Iraq. When a van pulls into his checkpoint, he orders it to stop, but it does not. He orders his men to fire a warning shot, but they shoot up the van instead. A few booms and crackles later, an Iraqi girl comes out of the van, then the whole thing catches fire, and Ted finds that they have just killed an innocent family. Ted tries to save the girl, but the vehicle explodes and Ted's unit is attacked, leaving Ted in a coma. Two weeks later, Ted wakes up and gets to return home to his wife Molly  and teenage son Max  in Chicago, but he is suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder complicated by the extreme guilt he feels about the Iraqi family's deaths. Little does Ted know that the terror has only just begun. He starts having visions of a burned man who wants him to right a wrong. As Ted begins to lose his grip on both his sanity and his family, he seeks medical support for his post-traumatic stress disorder, but his financial situation does not allow him to pay for a treatment, and the government denies him. Ted enlists the aid of an equally unhinged psychic named Jake Witzky  to help him understand his terrifying and relentless dreams. It turns out that Ted is seeing the spirit of Farzan , an Arab-American college student who was beaten up and then set on fire. Farzan wants Ted to find his killers -- whose identities shock Ted to the very core. Max's girlfriend Sammi  and their friend Luke  were devastated and extremely angry about the deaths of their fathers in Iraq. Max was angry about what happened to Ted in Iraq. That resulted in them becoming furious at Arabic people. Farzan asked them for a jack so he could fix a flat tire one day, and they took that fury out on him by brutally killing him. Sammi and Luke get killed in a car crash that injures Max, and after a lot of thought, a heartbroken Ted turns Max in, against Molly's wishes. Max is locked up for a period of time, and Ted visits him."] ['The film centers on best friends Jacquie  and Sara  . They share everything, including the same birthday, which they always celebrate together. Sara and Jacquie start making plans for a huge "Sweet 16" party for the both of them, all with proceeds going to a charity called "Hollywood Heart". However, when Jacquie transfers to the school Sara goes to, a rich girl called Taylor makes friends with Jacquie  and then proceeds to change Jacquie to be more like herself in order to destroy Sara and Jacquie\'s relationship. Sure enough, Jacquie unwittingly falls into her plan. Sara tries to deal with Jacquie\'s personality change, until Jacquie starts insisting to make Taylor a party planner, something that Sara hates. This leads to many more arguments until finally, the two split the party and compete with each other to have the biggest party, all while insulting each other. At the same time, an unexpected romance occurs between Shannon, Taylor\'s brother, and Sara.Film trailer'] ["Sally Goodson has always tried to do what is best for her autistic son David, always blaming herself for the way David is. Sally lives alone with David in a New York apartment and is often visited by her sister Bea , who tries to help Sally turn her life around by getting out a little more and giving David some space, but Sally rarely lets him out of her sight. In the end, it caused her husband Philip  to have an affair, leave her and re-marry, and her daughter Susan to go to live with him, as they were tired of watching Sally being too over-protective with David. Sally, having enough to cope with in her life, is visited by a social worker, Gladys Johnson , who informs her that David must go into a care home, but Sally refuses to send him to a home because of the way he was treated as a child in his previous care home. Gladys then gives her some time with David before she has to make arrangements. Bea manages to talk Sally round and sets her up on a date with wallpaper salesman John Nils ; they begin to see each other, he even teaches David to work a VCR, something Sally thought he could never do. Things go well until Sally makes plans to move when she is forced to give up David to a care home; her plans cause an argument between her and John, as she didn't tell him of the move. Sally is finally forced to give up David as he is permanently taken in by the care home."] ['{{plot}} In 2004, the puppets along with the formula are now in the ownership of Andre Toulon\'s great-grandnephew Robert Toulon and his daughter Alexandra. Robert and his daughter are both very brainy and very childlike and collect, fix and build dolls and puppets for a living. Ever since Robert inherited his great-grandfather\'s puppets he has been trying to create his own life force potion based on Toulon\'s diary entries using alcohol and blood . One Christmas Eve Alex and Robert finally figure out how to make the potion and bring the puppets to life. Toulon explains to the awakened puppets who he is and they are quick to accept their new master. Meanwhile an evil toy manufacturer Erica Sharpe was apparently a spoiled child with a father who owned a toy factory and would do anything for her. When she begged her father for him to get her toys that live, when he couldn\'t get them he tried to live up to his goal as a nice father and went to the length of getting in contact with Bael  in which he made a deal to have toys that live in exchange for his soul. The toys which he was given were found in the darkest corners of hell and had previously raised a lot of havoc elsewhere. After Erica\'s father dies, the toy company is handed down to her. After getting fed up with her rude toy companions who fail to behave or follow any of her orders, she does some research and uncovers Andre Toulon\'s epic tale and learns of the living, loyal puppets who are now in the hands of a former employee at her toy factory that she fired Robert Toulon. She has had a secret spy camera in the Toulon residence for a long time and after watching Robert and Alex finally find the formula and bring them to life, she orders a team of thieves to break into the Toulon residence and retrieve the puppets, but when they do the puppets put up a fight and the workshop is set ablaze where the puppets are burnt by the accident from Six Shooter. Robert fixes up the puppets with new cyborg parts and powerful new weapons which will come very much in handy.Meanwhile, Erica leads a girl into her trap, by convincing her to open a Jack in the box, only to find out it is Jack Attack. The girl is then tortured by the toys, making Oopsie Daisy rip open her shirt and bite at her breasts. She is then lead to an iron maiden, and forced in there. Ericas servants activate the trap, and the spikes move forward and kill her. Her blood goes into a well which triggers a demon. Erica becomes bored of life and has another evil plan up her sleeve, using the help of a certain demon she mass-markets demonic toys which appear harmless on the outside, but on Christmas Day all the toys will awaken and kill. When Bael learns of Erica\'s obsession towards Robert Toulon\'s puppets he remembers that centuries ago a doctor by the name of Shaun Paul Toulon made a deal with him that he\'d hand over his soul for the secrets of alchemy but after Bael came to collect the soul it had apparently wandered deep into a black forest and become lost and entangled with an ancient oak. That very tree was the one Andre Toulon used to carve his first retro puppets. Still being a selfish unforgivable demon like Bael, Sean Paul Toulon\'s debt still needs to be paid off so he makes a deal with Erica that in exchange of Alex Toulon\'s life he will let her keep the Toulon puppets and bring all the evil toys to life. Robert Toulon discovers the spy camera and has the idea that the thieves who broke into his workshop are connected with Sharpe toys, he goes over to the factory to see what is going on, there he is ambushed by an evil living Baby doll . On Toulon\'s return he discovers his daughter has been kidnapped. Robert assist the help of a friendly police officer Sargent Jessica Russell who on Christmas Day with the puppets break into Sharpe toys and have a final fight with Erica Sharpe and her demonic minions and Toulon and his loyal puppets. The demonic toys are no match for the puppets and quickly dispatched. Robert frees his daughter from the hands of her evil kidnappers and at sunrise Erica fails to live up to her deal to bring Alex Toulon to Bael so instead of bringing the toys to life he takes Erica back to his kingdom in hell where she will become his loyal slave for all eternity, after that, Pinhead was wounded. Saving the day and perhaps the world, the Toulons, their puppets and Jessica head off into the sunrise singing and going out for a Christmas dinner. At the end Baby Oopsy Daisy somehow survived in the well and says "Merry Christmas my ass, and a crappy New Year!" He then pops down.'] ["{{Plot}} Ian Wyndham ([[Paul Nicholls  is an English businessman who lives with his musician girlfriend, Samantha Andrews  in London. Taking us through a day in Ian and Sam's life, the film opens by showing different events such as Sam getting burnt on a kettle, Ian's watch breaking, Sam getting Coca-Cola spilt on her and Ian being interrupted by Sam during an important meeting at work.  As the day progresses we see Ian in a taxi. He tells the driver  about how he and Sam are going through difficulties. The driver recommends he should just love her. After Sam's concert that night, Ian tries to dismiss Sam's favorite student. At dinner Sam confronts Ian where her frustration boils over. She gets angry at Ian for his attitude toward her and tells him that she just wants him to love her. Sam storms out of the restaurant in tears, Ian following close behind and asking for her forgiveness. Sam gets in a passing taxi and as Ian tries to get in beside her he notices that the driver is the same man who he traveled with earlier that day. The man gives Ian an ominous smile and as the clock hits 11 PM, Sam closes the door, leaving Ian standing there. As he watches the taxi drive away, Ian makes one last attempt to reconcile with Sam and runs after the taxi as it stops at a traffic light. Before he gets there, the lights change and the taxi begins driving again. As it speeds up, the taxi is struck violently by another car and comes to a stop on the middle of the street. Ian halts and falls on his knees in shock. At a nearby hospital, Sam is being taken into the ER and Ian is running through the hospital looking for her. He arrives outside the room where Sam was and through a windows sees her wounded and surrounded by medical personnel. Sam looks over to the window towards Ian, a blank expression on her face. Ian begins to cry and before the doctors can help her, Sam succumbs to her injuries and dies. Ian falls to the floor in the hospital in disbelief. We see Sam's friend Lottie  enter a hospital room, where Ian is sitting in a chair. They both begin to cry. Ian goes back to his apartment, finds Sam's notebook and opens it, finding a song she was working on. He falls asleep clutching the notebook close to him. As the next day begins, Ian wakes up with the notebook still held tight. He is shocked to hear a voice behind him tell him not to read a word. He jumps up and screams, only to see Sam standing in his apartment. After the initial confusion, Ian comes to the conclusion that the previous day must have been a dream and continues the morning, happy to have Sam by his side As the morning progresses however, Sam gets burnt by her hair straighteners in the same place she had been burnt by the kettle in his supposed dream. Able to shake this off as a sheer coincidence, Ian takes no further notice of it. Other events similar to those he already experienced begin happening too, although at different times and in different ways, as Sam gets Coca-Cola spilt on her. This time Ian mentions his dream to her, and she convinces him that it was just a dream, and if his watch remains in working order then it can't possibly be the same day as his dream. Nonetheless, Ian is still cautious, and while in a meeting at work he holds his folder in his hands. Sam sees this from outside the glass doors and his meeting is left uninterrupted. Later in the day, Ian gets into a taxi. After talking to the taxi driver he realizes that the driver is the man from the previous day. He questions the man about this and the driver says he does not remember, although he once again gives Ian an ominous smile, implying he may in fact know about Sam's accident and all the previous events. This convinces Ian once and for all, and he runs to Sam, who's helping her friend Lottie set up for an art gallery. After convincing her to come with him, he brings her to a train station. After much questioning Sam reveals they are traveling to Ian's rural home town. A delighted Sam makes sure that she'll be back in time for her concert, which Ian ensures they will be. Ian brings Sam up a mountain, to a spot he used to visit as a child. The two find a little abandoned cottage on the mountainside to use as shelter during a rain storm. Upon setting up a fire while Sam sits down, Ian notices that his watch is cracked and isn't working. He turns to look at Sam, who's lighting candles on a table. Sam smiles and when Ian asks what she would do if she didn't have a lot of time left, she replies that she'd do what she's doing right now; spending time with him, just being together. Ian and Sam begin kissing, before making love. Afterwards, they make their way back down the mountain, disappointed that they never made it to Ian's spot. In the town below, the two have drinks and Ian tells Sam about his father, who lost his beloved job in 1993 before becoming an alcoholic and dying sometime later. Ian reveals that he wishes he could have helped his father more, but Sam says he was only a child at the time and wherever his father is now, he's proud of him. The two travel back to London and Ian takes Sam on the London Eye as another surprise. They then travel back to their apartment and while Sam is distracted, Ian takes a page from her notebook and brings it to a nearby photocopying shop while Sam travels to her concert with her violin. Before the show begins Ian sends a bouquet of flowers up to Sam and gives the photocopied pages to an organizer. A puzzled Sam looks out to Ian in the crowd when her bouquet arrives. His plan is soon revealed however when Ian comes onto center-stage with a microphone. He calls a reluctant Sam to his side, who gets nervous. Ian goes and talks to Sam at her seat and tells her she doesn't want to disappoint her future fans. Sam proceeds onto the stage as the orchestra begins to play the song printed on Ian's photocopied sheets. She sings the song she wrote for Ian in her notebook and the crowd burst into applause at her performance. While walking to a restaurant of Sam's choice, she describes her feelings to Ian. In an intimate surrounding, Sam and Ian discuss the day in a sheer contrast to Ian's experience the previous night. Ian gives Samantha a charm bracelet with different charms and symbols: a musical note, a violin, a flower , the train they took that day and the Eiffel Tower, which Sam had always wanted to see. The two sit in silence as Sam tears up and smiles across at Ian. As they leave the restaurant in a downpour, Sam tries to get a taxi to take them home. Ian realizes they are in the same spot as the previous night when the accident took place and tells her to look at him and listen. In the rain, Sam listens as Ian professes his love for her and tells her that if it weren't for her or today, he would never have known true love at all. Sam begins crying and says she doesn't know what to say, to which he replies that she doesn't need to say anything. A taxi pulls up and Sam gets in, beckoning Ian to get in too. He gets in next to her. As the taxi approaches the traffic lights, Ian and Sam kiss. He looks forward and sees the clock strike 11 PM and the same ominous smile he has seen so many times already. Sam smiles at him as the taxi pulls away and images of Sam's accident flash through his mind. He sees a car light through his window and grabs Sam tight for the last time. Sam's scream can be heard. At the hospital, we see Sam's friend Lottie run through the halls. She turns a corner and enters a hospital room, where Sam is sitting in a bed. Sam tells Lottie about Ian's premonition and how she didn't believe him. She and Lottie begin to cry. In the end it was Ian who was the victim of the accident. Six months later, Sam is sitting in the apartment, with Ian's watch in her hands. Everything is packed into boxes and Sam takes a last look at the room. We see her singing on stage in a restaurant, with Lottie sitting at the closest table to her. She travels to the cottage on the mountain which she and Ian visited and continues climbing until she reaches Ian's spot at the peak of the mountain. She stands at the top, staring out into a valley, not knowing what lies ahead."] ['{{plot|section|date"DVD Outsider: Made In Britain Synopsis and Review"/> The deputy superintendent in the assessment centre, Peter Clive ([[Bill Stewart , admits Trevor, and he is allocated a room with Errol ([[Terry Richards . Errol tells him about the contract that centre inmates are made to sign, promising to cooperate. The next day, Trevor leaves the assessment centre, to visit the job centre and procure a job, as instructed by the magistrate. Trevor, accompanied by Errol, breaks into a car and drives to the job centre. Near the job centre, he buys Evo-Stik for huffing,<ref name105633 Channel 4: Made In Britain Review]". Retrieved on 25 June 2008. He then breaks into another car, and takes it and drives away. Trevor refuses to admit that he has stolen the car, but agrees to get rid of it. Inside the assessment centre, when Peter Clive asks him why he did it, Trevor refuses to co-operate and give a reasonable answer. He then demands lunch, only to be informed that he is too late. Trevor flies into a rage and tries kicking down the cafeteria door. The chef  rushes out to stop him, only to be kicked in the groin by Trevor, who unleashes a vicious attack on him,Grunert, Andrea. "Emotion and Cognition: About Some Key-Figures in Films by Alan Clarke". Artbrain. Retrieved on 25 June 2008. The superintendent  arrives, and proceeds to show Trevor an overview of what he has been through and where he is heading - prison - if he refuses to cooperate and continues this way. Uncharacteristically, Trevor is not aggressive and is lost for words, listening to the superintendent without attempting to talk him down. The superintendent is extremely articulate and faces little resistance from Trevor, who is silenced by his pithy putdowns. As soon as the superintendent leaves, Trevor is back to his usual self, and confronts Barry Giller and Peter Clive, mouthing obscenities against immigrants, the education system, dishonesty, and mindless conformity.Nightingale, Chris. "A Taste of the British: Made In Britain Review". Retrieved on 25 June 2008. Trevor refuses to keep the peace, and eventually Barry and Peter decide to send him to a secure unit. However, while Barry is out making arrangements to send Trevor away, Peter offers to take Trevor banger racing if he promises to behave. Trevor and Errol make their way into the office, where Trevor rummages through the documents until he finds their respective files. Trevor reads through Errol\'s reports and contract, and finds a report titled \'The Future\', which reads "It seems unlikely for this child to return home, his mother having rejected him for her own lifestyle. Bearing this in mind, future care seems to be the alternative. We would recommend a care order be made, in order to be able to continue our assessment of his needs." He then proclaims to Errol "You\'re in here for life, mate!". Errol looks confused and dejected and asks "What\'ll I do!?". Trevor is enraged. He drops the files on the floor and tells Errol to "Piss on it, fuckin\' shit on it!". Errol defecates on his files, and Trevor urinates on his."DVD Verdict: Made In Britain Review". Retrieved on 25 June 2008. Trevor and Errol get out of the assessment centre, and drive away in the centre\'s Ford Transit van. They reach Mr. Shahnawaz\'s neighbourhood and hurl stones through the windows, and scream racial slurs. They get into the van and drive away. Trevor drives to a police station, and smashes the van into a car. Errol is rendered unconscious by the impact. Trevor exits the van and runs away, leaving Errol to be apprehended by the police. He begins running into a tunnel, and screams "Bollocks!" Inside the tunnel, he discards his t-shirt, and screams at a passing vehicle after trying to kick it. Trevor walks past a school, presumably his, pausing to gaze through the iron gates before continuing on his way. It is early morning by the time Trevor reaches Harry Parker\'s home. Harry is busy packing, and is preparing to leave on a holiday with his family. He is displeased to see Trevor in this state. He tells him to go back to the assessment centre before it is too late. Trevor informs Harry of his misadventures, and tells him that he is turning himself in. Harry, although reluctant at first, makes the necessary calls to the police. P.C. Anson smiles and says, \'You think you\'re fucking hard.\' Trevor, for the first time, looks defeated. He slumps in agony and shock, his face reddening. The warder tells Trevor that he is all talk, and decries his protests, saying that he has no choice but to respect authority and obey the rules, like everybody else. The play ends with Trevor recovering from the pain and grinning, as the warders shut the door of his cell.'] ['The film is set in a post-apocalyptic future, where the vast majority of humanity has died, not due to a nuclear war, but rather due to a viral epidemic. The remaining humans have reverted to primitive tribalism. After killing his father for sexually assaulting his girlfriend, the son of a tribal leader is banished from the tribe, along with his friends. They eventually stumble upon a solar-powered city whose only two inhabitants are genetically modified to survive the plague. They view themselves as superhuman mutants who intend to recreate humanity in their own image.'] ['The story begins in 1958 when Otis Williams, at the time a teenager, is running to meet his friend Elbridge "Al" Bryant at a musical performance by The Cadillacs, where Otis and the singer lock eyes, which he credits as the moment he devoted his life to music. After the concert, Otis and Al go to a barber where Otis gets a Tony Curtis style haircut and Al gets a New Yorker style haircut. Later, Otis arrives home for dinner, where his father is angered by his hairstyle and pressures him to go to work at the assembly line instead of going into music, which Otis heatedly rejects. Six months later, Otis, Al and two new band members, are singing on a street corner when they see another group of singers across the street, and are impressed by one singer\'s bass voice type. The next day after school, Otis spots the singer leaving to walk home, and decides to follow him. The singer sees Otis and begins to run away, thinking him to be a gang member. Otis eventually catches him and introduces himself, finding out that the singer\'s name is Melvin Franklin, and invites him to join his group, Otis Williams & the Siberians. Melvin agrees, on the condition that his mother approves. After talking her, Otis convinces Melvin\'s mother to let him join. The group, now with five members, are practicing their singing after school one day when they notice a group of girls watching them sing. Upon seeing this, the group follows them while singing Earth Angel. The girls go their separate ways until one girl, Josephine, remains, and Otis asks her out on a date. The next Saturday, the group are making out with the girls in a milk truck when they hear for their group to come the radio station, and hastily drive to the station, which turns out to be a run-down apartment. Johnnie May Matthews, the owner of the pirate radio studio in the basement, declares herself their new manager and producer, and also changes their name to Otis Williams and the Distants. In April 1960, the group are waiting to perform at a party where they meet Paul Williams, Eddie Kendricks, singers for The Primes, Mary Wilson, Florence Ballard, Diana Ross singer for the Primettes, Smokey Robinson, lead singer of The Miracles, and Berry Gordy, founder and owner of Motown Records. Al arrives late at the party and shows hostility towards Eddie and Paul, while hitting on Diana. The Primes and Primettes perform and the Distants are impressed by their sound. After performing themselves, Otis and Melvin see Berry Gordy entering the bathroom and follow him. After some talking, Berry gives them a business card to contact him later on. Once the party\'s ends, Johnnie shows up in a new car, bought with the money earned from their record, while also showing off rolls of money. Awestruck, they ask about when they get paid, which angers Johnnie and she immediately fires them, kicks them out of the car and drives away. Al and two other members promptly quit the group, leaving Otis and Melvin as the only two remaining members. Shortly after, Melvin approaches Otis and tells him that Eddie Kendricks and Paul Williams recently left their own group and are interested in joining them. Otis is reluctant to let them join, as he finds them arrogant and cocky, but ultimately accepts when Al rejoins the group. With this new line-up, the group renames themselves the Elgins. Eddie and Paul prove to be valuable members; Paul teaches them how to dance and becomes their unofficial choreographer, while Eddie becomes their falsetto singer. In March 1961, Otis enters Motown Studios, the headquarters of Motown Records, and meets up with Berry Gordy. After the meeting, Otis finds the others waiting outside for an answer. He informs them that Berry will sign them if they can come up with a better group name. After sitting outside the studio for hours waiting to be called in and thinking up a new name, a secretary named Martha Reeves finds them outside and calls them in to meet Berry. When they get to Berry, he asks them for their name, to which Otis replies "the Temptations". Berry likes the name and agrees to hear them sing. After hearing them perform Oh Mother of Mine  Berry enthusiastically signs them under the Motown label. The group are now in high spirits and make a pact to never leave the group. Otis arrives home to find out that Josephine is pregnant, and although he is shocked, he promises to take responsibility for the baby. In a voiceover, Otis explains that he and Josephine were married shortly after and later gave birth to their son, Lamont. While making moderately successful records written largely by Berry, such as Paradise and I Want a Love I Can See, and getting real choreography from Chollie Atkins, the group start to become known as "The Hitless Temptations" as they can\'t seem to make a real hit in the first three years under the Motown label. The group start to doubt themselves as talented singers and Al starts to lose his passion for singing and becomes more and more negative and volatile. This comes to a head after performing at a New Year\'s Eve party, Al hits Paul with a beer bottle and punches him in the face when asked to do an encore on stage. He is kicked out of the group immediately. The remaining four go back on stage anyway and perform the classic party song Shout. While singing, Jimmy Ruffin and his younger brother David Ruffin jump on stage and sing as well. The group are impressed the duos\' singing, especially David\'s. After the party, the four, along with David, go to Melvin\'s mother\'s house to eat. While they eat and talk, the four invite David to join the group, which he readily accepts. With five members once again, they make a toast to the future success of the Temptations. In January 1964, the group head to Hitsville to record a song written for them by Smokey Robinson. The song, called The Way You Do the Things You Do becomes an instant hit and puts the Temptations on the map. Shortly after the song hits the charts, the group go on a tour with various other Motown artists, such as the Vandellas, the Miracles, and Marvin Gaye. And they perform The Way You Do the Things You Do live. One afternoon, while changing a tire on the tour bus, a pair of racist Southerners drive by shooting at them with a shotgun, and David and Eddie try in vain to chase them down, but quickly give up. The tour eventually ends and they all arrive back in Detroit. While Josephine is waiting for Otis in front of Hitsville, she sees him with another woman, and assumes that they are having an affair, and storms off. Soon after, the Temptations go on tour again and perform The Girl\'s Alright With Me. In November that year, Smokey writes them another song called My Girl. The song debuts early next year and becomes a massive success, reaching number one on the charts that years. The group enjoys their newfound success and wealth, spending money on themselves and their loved ones. With this success, however, soon comes trouble. By early 1966, David starts to develop an ego, thinking himself to be solely responsible for the Temptations\' success. He also begins using drugs and starts showing up late for rehearsals and meetings, if he shows up at all. This behavior starts to take a toll on the group, and soon after recording Ain\'t Too Proud to Beg, Otis and Melvin pay David a visit, warning him to clean up his act or else be fired. Later, Berry introduces the group to their new manager, Shelly Berger. Shelly plans to expand the Temptations\' fanbase to the mainstream white audience, which they are somewhat reluctant about, as they think their original fans will see them as sell-outs. After some consideration, the Temptations agree and are put on a month-long tour with the Supremes. The tour turns out to be a success and gets them to the Copacabana, although David\'s destructive behavior continues, and he declares his shady friend, Flynn, his new manager instead of Shelly. Flynn informs the group that David wants to change the group name to "David Ruffin & The Temptations" or else he will not perform, which they reject. David shows up anyway, albeit late, and performs I\'m Losing You at the Copa, and leaves in a separate limo. After the show, the others take a vote on whether or not they should keep David in the group, and all but Eddie vote to kick him out. Shortly after, David shows up at Hitsville in his limo. While the four watch from a window, Shelly meets David outside and hands him a note informing him of their decision. Upon reading this, David flies into a rage, yelling at them through the window. He then gets into his limo and drives off. Melvin rhetorically asks "So now what"? Later in 1968, the Temptations hire Dennis Edwards, an old friend, as a replacement for David. It is around this time that the group enters their psychedelic soul era, started with their 1968 single Cloud Nine. During a concert performance, the group is about to sing Ain\'t Too Proud to Beg when David jumps on stage and steals the microphone from Dennis and sings himself. The others go along with this to save face, but then chase him backstage and get into a brief argument before getting security guards to escort him out. By 1969, Paul\'s drinking becomes debilitating and Melvin develops rheumatoid arthritis in the legs and starts taking cortisone shots to ease the symptoms despite his doctor\'s advice, yet both continue performing anyway. Around this time Otis and Josephine also get a divorce. As Paul\'s condition gets progressively worse, the others begin to consider whether Paul should retire, at least for the time being. Eddie is against this, as he thinks that they should stick by Paul and be with him at all times, making sure he doesn\'t drink. In November 1970, Eddie visits David, who begins to turn him against Otis and Melvin while giving him his first shot of cocaine. Shortly after, Paul becomes well enough to sing again, and the Temptations record a new song written by their producer Norman Whitfield called Just My Imagination. Eddie quits the group after performing the song at the Copacabana. Later, Otis and his son Lamont visit Paul at his house. Paul asks to be back in the Temptations, while demonstrating his dancing, almost falling over. Otis tell him that he will be back when he gets better. In June 1972, Norman writes another song called Papa Was a Rolling Stone, which the group are initially against recording. Otis because it\'s not a ballad and Dennis because his father died on the third of September. Eventually the group goes along with it. In a montage set to the song, David and Eddie are seen performing and Paul is seen struggling with his addiction, while fighting with his wife, and later driving around town, ending with Paul committing suicide in a parking lot. Eddie reunites with the others at the funeral, with Melvin telling him that while he\'s out of the group, they will always be family. By 1977, the Temptations have moved from Detroit to Los Angeles and have been hit with a dry spell in their career. The group, now with Otis and Melvin as the only remaining original members, fire Shelly as their manager, leave the Motown label and start recording under the Atlantic Records label. Eddie is still under the Motown label and has made two major hits, while David, who has had some hits after the Temptations, is also under a dry spell. One day, while Melvin is helping a woman with her grocery bags, a thief gets in his car and tries to start it. When Melvin tries to stop him, the thief shoots him in both of his legs, kicks him out, and drives off in his car. Melvin tells Otis to go on tour without him, as they need the money. After the tour, Otis goes back to Detroit with Lamont to visit his mother, who tells him that she has cancer. They then have a heart-to-heart on the porch. In 1980, Melvin\'s legs are still recovering and the Temptations leave Atlantic Records. Eddie\'s success is starting to fade and he is reduced to playing in small nightclubs. While performing one night, Eddie spots David in the audience and once he finishes the song Keep On Truckin\', brings David on stage and they sing You\'re My Everything together. After everyone leaves the club, Eddie and David have a drink at the bar and agree to start their own faction of the Temptations, along with Dennis Edwards, who was fired from the Temptations in 1978. Otis and Melvin move back to Detroit and go back under the Motown label and Shelly becomes their manager again. Not long after, Motown becomes interested in setting up a reunion tour between both sets of the Temptations. By 1982, the tour is officially underway and both sets of Temptations come together to rehearse and become reacquainted. While on tour, Josephine calls and informs Otis that Lamont died in a construction accident. After Otis gets back from the funeral, the tour starts to fall apart, as David\'s drug addiction starts to trigger his destructive nature. In 1989, the Temptations are inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. At the ceremony, Otis and Melvin are reunited with David, Eddie, and Dennis. And despite their past squabbles and rivalries, for one moment, they are friends again. In June 1991, a dead body is found in front of a hospital. After a week in the morgue, the body is finally identified as that of David Ruffin, dead of an apparent drug overdose. Eddie dies soon after of lung cancer in October 1992, but that is not shown. In February 1995, Otis and Melvin, now reduced to a wheelchair, visit Melvin\'s mother. While preparing to eat dinner, Melvin, despite being in a wheelchair, volunteers to get short ribs from the kitchen. While he\'s gone, Melvin\'s mother thanks Otis for taking care of Melvin and keeping the Temptations together through all the good and bad times. The two then call for Melvin, but he doesn\'t respond. They go into the kitchen and find him dead. Many people show up at the funeral, including Smokey Robinson, who sings his song "Really Gonna Miss You". The film ends with the "classic five" Temptations  in their youth, singing "My Girl" on a stage. At the end of the song, they take a bow, with Otis saying in a voice-over "Temptations, forever."'] ["A beautiful female scientist implants a microchip in a dog's brain to help it track and capture criminals, and when crooks make off with the cybernetic canine she teams up with a hard-nosed policeman who is also packing an implanted microchip."] ['Marnie and Dylan are going to follow their dreams to go to college, at Halloweentown University, which is also known as Witch University. Marnie is offered a full scholarship for her good deeds and for her work in the previous years. Much to her mother Gwen\'s dismay, Marnie goes, and her brother Dylan reluctantly forced along by Gwen to keep an eye on her. The school is not what it seems. At the school, witches and warlocks can\'t use magic, instead they learn about Shakespeare and old magic history. Marnie had thought she was going to learn how to use her magic and is now crestfallen. She runs into her old friend Ethan  and makes a new friend, Aneesa the genie . She also makes three new enemies in the Sinister Sisters, a triad of malevolent witches with whom Dylan is immediately infatuated. Sadly, Marnie discovers that she in fact is responsible for the restriction on the use of magic at the University. The University was originally established only for Warlocks and Witches to learn how to use magic, but when the portal was opened, most of them went to college in the mortal realm. Because of that, Witch University had to let several different creatures come to the school so that the teachers would actually have students to teach. Since then the school has allowed mortals and other magical beings to attend. The classes are boring for Marnie until a box, with the name "S. Cromwell" inscribed on it, magically appears in front of her. Most people at the school believe that Marnie used her magic to conjure up the box, but it was brought to her by fate, and was therefore out of Marnie\'s control. Marnie meets with one of her professors, Miss Periwinkle, and asks for an explanation. Miss Periwinkle tells Marnie that the S. stands for Splendora, but not a word more about it is mentioned. Chancellor Goodwin tells Marnie that she believes that she did not conjure up the box, and that it was indeed fate which brought it to her. Marnie and Dylan attempt to discover the secret of the box, and he reveals that he used magical speed reading at home to skip a grade. He uses it again secretly and learns that the box contains the Gift, though the Gift itself remains unknown to them. Meanwhile the Sinister sisters use Dylan\'s infatuation with them to make him do their homework for them. Also in the shadows, a mysterious group known only as the Dominion, realizes that the Gift is near and tries to use Marnie to open the box. Marnie decides to go into the past to meet Splendora and learn about the true nature of the enigmatic gift. Splendora explains that the power of the Gift is the power to control anyone by force of will, a power that witches are forbidden to use. Marnie realizes that her principal and Dr. Grogg are in the Dominion and Splendora bestows upon her the key to the box containing the Gift. Also, Splendora is revealed to be Marnie\'s grandmother Aggie. Agatha is her middle name and she hates the Splendora part so she eventually dropped it. Marnie returns to the present to open the box, but before she does, she creates the Halloweentown giant pumpkin for Splendora, telling her she\'d need it. Surprisingly, stated by Splendora, Marvin, , is Marnie\'s great-grandfather. This is given as a hint when Splendora tells Marnie, "...even King Arthur said that the whole royalty thing was harder than it looked." Chancellor Goodwin steals the Gift for the Dominion and the Sinisters, in order to use it to take over Halloweentown. Knowing that only a Cromwell can use the Gift, the Sinister Sisters  transform Dylan into a dog to compel Marnie to comply with their demands. If the Sinisters and the Dominion don\'t turn him back, he will stay that way forever after Halloween passes. They agree to return him to his natural form if Marnie controls Halloweentown for them. While it seems that she has agreed to aid them in their heinous plot, she is really fooling them, and turns on them once her brother is released from the dog transformation spell. Together Marnie, Dylan and Gwen destroy the Gift with help from Aneesa, Marnie\'s genie friend. The Dominion, having been discovered for the evil ones that they are, attempt an escape, but are betrayed and apprehended by none other than Professor Periwinkle, revealed to be an undercover detective of the Halloweentown Anti-Dominion League. The malevolent Sinister Sisters lose their powers, but Marnie learns that Ethan willingly gave his powers up. Marnie and Ethan begin a new relationship and leave on a date. The movie ends when Dylan discovers that Marnie didn\'t destroy the Gift, but instead left it for him in a book. Since spells cast on the grounds of Witch University become permanent at the stroke of midnight, the Gift belongs to him, the only person Marnie trusts with its power. Saving the power of the Gift for important uses only, he puts the book back, showing a glowing, red S at the end of the film.'] ['A serial rapist who gets released on a technicallity cause of a mishandling of the investigation is pursued by his victims who stalk the man and want revenge for him raping them.'] ["This version of Operation Entebbe is believed to be fairly accurate.{{whom}} A fourth hostage, Dora Bloch, who had been taken to Mulago Hospital in Kampala, was murdered by the Ugandans on Idi Amin's orders."] ['The film starts with a quote from Lawrence\'s book Seven Pillars of Wisdom which is used for the title of the film: "All men dream: but not equally. Those who dream in the dark recesses of the night awake in the day to find all was vanity. But the dreamers of day are dangerous men, for they may act their dreams with open eyes, and make it possible." Feisal arrives at the post-war Paris Peace Conference  to claim Syria for Arab rule after the break-up of the Ottoman Empire. He is delayed by French diplomats uncertain of his intentions. Lawrence joins Feisal\'s negotiating staff despite attempts by the French  to exclude the Arabs altogether.  Lawrence defends Feisal’s claim to Syria by citing previous British offerings to Feisal’s father in a “secret letter”, as well as their joint triumphant march into Damascus against the Turks. Feisal\'s main demand is for Syria to be governed by Arabs. France has a stake there, however, and has made previous colonial agreements with Great Britain which complicate matters.″A Dangerous Man: Lawrence after Arabia″. Nothing is Written Film Lawrence\'s newly gained popularity after World War I poses a further complication, as popular movies promote him, a white European, as the "Uncrowned King of Arabia". The wartime friendship between him and Feisal is thereby strained. As negotiations reach a peak, Lawrence is called away to his dying father’s bedside. He arrives too late to see his father alive, and must leave too soon to see him buried. Throughout the film, Lawrence is shown writing what would become his life\'s work, Seven Pillars of Wisdom. As in the 1962 film Lawrence of Arabia and many biographies, the film suggests that Lawrence favors relationships with men over women. Ralph Fiennes plays Lawrence as hesitant in the public eye, smiling when forced to, knowing when to be hard in his negotiations, and completely alien to the world of women.'] ['The movie begins with Sidney Bloom,  an old Gloucester High alumna writing a video blog about teen issues. Her main story is a story about teen pregnancy. After finding out that her old high school has increased from ten to eighteen teen pregnancies in the last two months, Sidney decides to go back home and investigate the situation.{{cite web}} When Sidney returns to Gloucester High School, Nurse Kim  begins to tell Sidney that there have been over one hundred-fifty pregnancy tests distributed in the past two months and the student pregnancy rate has shot up from ten to eighteen in just eight weeks alone. After hearing this shocking news, Sidney decides to interview local girls from the high school about why they are getting pregnant. When Sidney starts interviewing local high school students, she runs into a group of naive fifteen year old girls who are close friends and have unrealistic ideas about life as teen mothers viewing it as to be something fun to look forward to. Three out of the four are already pregnant with the only one who isn\'t pregnant being Sara . The other girls insist that Sara gets pregnant as soon as possible to complete the circle of them all being pregnant,and tells her not to wait any longer. Nurse Kim desperately wants birth control/contraception to be placed at the school since so many female students are getting pregnant, only to have her efforts declined much to her desperation. Meanwhile, even though Sara agrees that she’s going to get pregnant, her nervousness is very apparent. After getting permission from her mother Lorraine , Sara goes to her boyfriend Jesse’s  house to spend some alone time with him. Her father is irritable at his 15 year old daughter spending so much alone time with her boyfriend since teenage boys "aren\'t so much for keeping their pants on," while Sara\'s mother is okay with it since Jesse has "good morals," and that she trusts their daughter to have respect for herself. After Sara and Jesse have sex at his house in his bedroom, they start talking about their future together. Jesse believes that he and Sara are going to be together forever. But since Jesse is a year older than Sara, he says that he wants to go away to school with her, get married, and eventually have kids having a life with her. Although Jesse says that he and Sara are going to be together forever, Sara is scared that she’s going to lose him and believes that getting pregnant is the only way to keep the man she desperately loves. After Sara and Jesse have sex, Sara realizes her period is over a week late. Realizing she might be pregnant, she takes a pregnancy test in the school\'s girls bathroom with her friends anxiously waiting outside for the result. The pregnancy test comes in positive; now all four girls are pregnant. All the girls become extremely excited thinking that now they can all raise their babies together, and all the kids can grow up together just like they did. However, Sara makes the girls promise not to tell anyone fearing everyone else will think she "made it happen," but otherwise is thrilled about having a baby. The impacts of their actions slowly begin to unravel when Karissa\'s mother is angry about her daughter\'s actions since they were struggling financially as it was and her boyfriend leaves her when finding out she is pregnant and a small rumor leaks that she and her friends got pregnant on purpose. Sara\'s pregnancy is soon next revealed when she is working at her mother\'s restaurant and when putting a dirty dish of onions runs out onto the deck and throws up at the smell and her mother sees and horrifically realizes her daughter is pregnant. Once this fact is told, her father, Michael, angrily drags Sara to Jesse\'s house late at night and furiously reveals to both Jesse and his father that Sara is pregnant and accuses him of taking advantage of her. The consequences further unravel when Lorraine and Michael loudly and viciously argue about the situation putting blame on one another and causing a major strain in the family. Sidney soon shares a meaningful conversation with Sara about her pregnancy and assuring her that her baby will be very much loved if she decides to have/raise it; which Sara firmly states she is. During her next video blog after interviewing the girls, Sidney bluntly states how the girls are living in "a fantasy land" about having a baby at such a young age and how they view having a baby "like a Huggie\'s commercial," and how they\'re not even bothering to think about the hardships facing teen motherhood will bring them like simply finishing high school. Meanwhile, Sara and Lorraine\'s relationship slowly deteriorates as Lorraine is furious at her daughter for not waiting and how she told her it was important to. But Sara shoots back that being told to wait was all she was ever told and that she loved Jesse and chose to have sex resulting in an argument between the two before Sara storms off, moments before Times magazine calls for a comment about the town\'s growing reputation for its high rate in teen pregnancy. Sara and Jesse soon share a talk about their baby and Jesse tells her how his father is willing to pay to "take care of it," suggesting abortion which Sara refuses to do. She then asks why they just couldn\'t stay in town and live a life together which he says he didn\'t want to do desiring to go to college and play baseball and explore the world, but Sara refuses to leave home and they kiss with Sara firmly insisting she loved him more than anything. Soon after this, Lorraine decides to hold a meeting about raising fundraising for more providence of the school\'s daycare. But Sidney, in attendance, asks why they just don\'t provide birth contraceptives and lets it slip about Sara\'s pregnancy to everyone there causing humiliation on Lorraine and her family. Shortly after this, a new story of a pregnancy pact shows up in Time Magazine and spreads throughout the news. Time Magazine states that all of these girls decided to create a pact and get pregnant at the same time so that they would always have a baby who would love them unconditionally. Once the news of the pregnancy pact comes out, their small town is filled with reporters and only causes more stress on Sara and her friends. Sidney soon saves Sara and her one friend from paparazzi and asks them if the pact is in fact true; which in a flashback is confirmed and they make her swear to secrecy. When hearing about this news, Jesse furiously asks Sara if she was ever a part of the pact. Sara denies being a part of any pact and for a while things seem to be going perfectly along with Jesse somewhat excited for their baby, but things get out of hand when Michael, Sara\'s father, and Jesse get arrested for fighting off a reporter who wouldn\'t leave their house and Lorraine is resigned from her council due to Sara\'s pregnancy. Rose soon has her baby and the girls soon get a glimpse of the true hard nature of labour when Rose required 37 stitches due to high excessive tearing during the birth of her baby. And soon Sara sees how her friend\'s baby\'s health is dangerously low on top of it. Things spiral further when Sidney asks Sara if she can do a blind interview and say that the pregnancy pact is true so that it would encourage other girls not to get pregnant and Jesse, along with Sara\'s mother, walks in overhearing it and Jesse leaves furiously declaring that he wants nothing to do with Sara or the baby. Now that Sara is forced to raise the baby on her own, she decides that drinking is the only way to get rid of the pain and ends up passed out with her friends who had joined her wanting one last night of partying and is rushed to the hospital. The doctors confirm that the baby is suffering the effects of the alcohol, but luckily is still alive and that Sara must start taking better care of herself for the sake of her baby. Sara soon realizes that what she did will only make matters worse for her condition and slowly begins to make a good recovery along with her relationship with her parents. It is revealed that Sidney and another worker at the school, Brady, themselves were expecting a baby when Sidney was just 16, but while he wanted it and was excited about being a father, she herself wasn\'t due to the responsibility of having a child at such a young age. She soon had the baby and gave the baby up for adoption where the agency assured her they found the baby, a boy, a good family. Brady tells her he planned on looking for him "just to make sure he was doing okay," and asks if Sidney wanted to be told if he found him, which she declines saying she made the right choice. Lorraine soon convinces the council to keep her on the board now defending that the school should offer contraceptives to at least the families that want them and how they should make the message about abstinence more broad instead of just simply saying a teenager should wait. Sidney apologizes to Sara about making her feel as though she needed to clean up the whole mess, but Sara states that if she\'s going to be a mother she needs to grow up and take responsibility for her own actions and is determined to be a good mother to her baby. She thanks Sidney for being her friend. During the last few months of Sara’s pregnancy, she sees that Jesse has moved on and has a new girlfriend and has completely forgotten about her and their unborn child, but is content with her life and accepting of her choices and soon, at the end of her pregnancy, has her baby, a girl, with both her mother and father at her side. The film ends with Sara happily raising the baby on her own.'] ['The film opens with the Teale family moving west on a wagon into Indian Territory. They reach their home, and plan to go on the cattle business. The father, Jacob, rides out to get the cattle, promising to return in a month. However, he is killed along the way when his horse falls over on himself, and he bleeds internally to death. Meanwhile, a Stagecoach passes by the Teale farm; Evie Teale agrees to work for the Stagecoach by feeding customers who come by. One of the men on the Stagecoach warns Evie of a man named Conn Conagher, who he says is a fierce gunfighter. One day, Conagher does stop by for food, along with his partner Mahler. The Teale farm later comes under attack by Indians. The Stagecoach arrives by again in the middle of the gunfight, and the drivers and the passengers defend the farm. The Indians retreat in the morning. Conagher, meanwhile, drifts out in the wilderness. He and Mahler meet an old rancher, Seaborn Tay, who hires both of them for work. Conagher proves to be a hardworking cowhand, but the ranch comes under threat by the Ladder Five gang, led by Smoke Parnell, who swear to kill Conagher. Mahler deserts the ranch after an argument with Conagher and joins the Ladder Five. Conagher saves the ranch and Tay\'s cattle twice from the Ladder Five, both in a series of quick gun battles. He also visits the Teale farm regularly, and he and Evie grow fond of each other and he becomes a father figure to Evie\'s children. One day, when Conagher is out herding Tay\'s cattle, he is ambushed and shot by the Ladder Five gang. The wounded Conagher hides out during the day, and but at night returns and holds the Ladder Five, including Parnell, at gunpoint. Weak from his wound, Conagher eventually collapses and passes out, but not before he demands the Ladder Five to clear out of the land. Parnell knows now that he can finish off Conagher, as his gang swore to do, but instead orders his men to heal Conagher back to health. The next day, the Ladder Five gang clear\'s out of the land Conagher wakes up in the morning, and heads into town, where he finds a drunken Mahler in the saloon. The two argue again, and Conagher challenges Mahler to a fist fight. Mahler easily starts to beat up Conagher; Conagher finally gains the upper hands and beats Mahler into submission. Evie arrives at that moment where she tells Conagher, "it\'s time for you to come home now." Conagher agrees and rides back with Evie to start a new life with her. The film features Elliott’s friend Buck Taylor, formerly the gunsmith-turned-deputy on CBS’s long-running Gunsmoke, as Tile Coker, a rider for the Ladder Five Ranch. Pepe Serna, a native of Corpus Christi, played Casuse, another Ladder Five rider. Rugged James Gammon plays Smoke Parnell, the owner of the Ladder Five, who is suspected of rustling. Buck Taylor’s father, character actor Dub Taylor , plays the station agent.'] ["Dr Bernard Abrams , an Ohio optometrist, and his wife Shirley Abrams  have a six-year old daughter that suffers from a rare form of epilepsy. The child's paraplegic doctor  cares for her. As the little girl's parents they need to have a drug approved from the Food and Drug Administration . However the process is slow and they are forced to fly to England to obtain the medication. They take their cause to the media in order to highlight their case and force the FDA to expedite its decision on use in America."] ["In the Beginning tells the story of an important event in the history of the Babylon 5 universe. Ten years before the television series Babylon 5 is set, Earth becomes involved in a deadly conflict with the just-discovered Minbari race. This war nearly leads to the extermination of the human race, but it is mysteriously halted at the last moment by the Minbari leadership for reasons that would remain secret for over a decade. This near-destruction of the human race led to the Earth Alliance creating the Babylon space stations as a means of preventing further wars.  During the first four years of the Babylon 5 TV series, numerous hints about and glimpses of the Earth&ndash;Minbari War were offered. When the program moved to the TNT cable network for its fifth season, a set of television movies were ordered to promote it, and Straczynski chose to use the first of these to tell the story of the war he had so often alluded to in previous episodes. The movie opens with a view of Centauri Prime in flames. A man is seen looking out of the window of the Royal Palace looking at the destruction. A boy and his younger sister are seen playing in the royal throne room and looking out the window watching numerous buildings go up in flames. Their governess finds them and tells them that it's the Emperor's window and that only he can look out that window. It is then that the Emperor hears them and tells them to come in front of him. It is then revealed that it is an aged Londo Mollari. Mollari allows the young boy to be Emperor of the Centauri Republic for five minutes in which he may give any order he wishes. He wishes that he be told a story of great battles and heroes and villains. His sister wants to hear a true story. Mollari decides to give them both what they want and decides to tell them the story of the Earth&ndash;Minbari War that happened 35 years ago and in which he was present at the time while he was ambassador to Earth. The movie begins before the war, when the human race feeling cocky following their defeat of the Dilgar—is rapidly expanding into space. Word reaches them of the mysterious Minbari race. Though they are warned by Centauri ambassador Londo Mollari to leave this race alone, they seek to research the species first-hand. Meanwhile, the Minbari Grey Council, led by Dukhat, has become concerned that the Shadows may have returned to Z'ha'dum in fulfillment of Valen's prophecy. They are taking a roundabout route to the dark world to investigate when they encounter Earth ships, specifically the Prometheus, seeking to investigate the Minbari. A misunderstanding then follows. The Minbari ships turn towards the Prometheus and engage their long range sensors to gain more data on the unknown Earth ship. Unknown to the Minbari, the intense EMP field generated by their long range sensors have the unexpected side effect of disabling the Prometheus jump engine, preventing the Prometheus from retreating. As the Minbari ships draw closer, they open their gun ports—a sign of respect in their culture. The interference from the Minbari sensors also prevent the Prometheus from determining whether or not the Minbari ships are charging their weapons. The captain of the Prometheus, with his jump engines disabled and the Minbari ships approaching in apparent preparation fire weapons, misinterprets this as a sign of aggression and opens fire. The Minbari ships are heavily damaged, and their beloved leader Dukhat killed. In retaliation, the Grey Council announces a holy war against humanity, and the Earth&ndash;Minbari War begins."] ["Mitch Buchannon  was believed to have died in a boating accident at the end of the 10th season of Baywatch. However, it turns out he only had amnesia and has been recovering in a Los Angeles hospital. His new fiancée, Allison Ford , resembles his old lover, Lt. Stephanie Holden , who died during the seventh season of Baywatch. However, she is cooperating with an old nemesis of Mitch's, the still undead Mason Sato  from the second season, to get revenge on Mitch. Meanwhile, C.J.  is opening a bar and grill in Hawaii and invites many of the old lifeguards from Baywatch there for a reunion including Caroline Holden . Mitch's ex-wife, Neely Capshaw , also shows up in an attempt to get Mitch back. Filming of the movie began in September 2002 on Turtle Bay Resort, Oahu island, Hawaii."] ['{{Plot}} The film begins with a college sorority initiation ceremony, in which the sorority president tries to stab a pledge in the heart, but the knife mysteriously stops in mid-air. Eighteen years later, Trina Goodwin , and her twin daughters, Sarah  and Lindsay , are driving up to Temple Hill University, where Sarah and Lindsay are starting their first semester. Along the tour, they notice a "weird" house, Pi Epsilon Delta, , and after that, they see the house they want to pledge the most, Alpha Nu Gamma. Sarah meets a girl named Vita in a bathroom, and they become good friends, while Sarah  forces other girls to apologize to Vita -and give her their shampoo-, for mocking her earlier. Then Sarah goes into a stall, and removes her many bracelets, revealing cuts on her wrists. Later on, Sarah and Lindsay meet their Student-Advisor, Finn , who delivers them two invitations to Pi Epsilon Delta for a Rushing Ceremony. At the party, Lindsay ends up having a nice time, while Sarah can\'t wait to leave. But before they do, Sarah meets the Alpha Nu President, Corrine . When they shake hands, Corrine\'s glass of punch spills all over her own dress. Sarah leaves in tears, apologizing to Corrine, and Lindsay follows. After a long talk, and a few apologies, Lindsay trips and breaks her ankle on a tree root in front of the Pi Epsilon Delta house. The girls in the house look after Lindsay, while Sarah meets Dr. Eugenia Hunter , the president of P.E.D. After a short while, Lindsay\'s ankle heals extremely fast. As the girls are leaving, Sarah asks Hunter why she invited them. Dr. Hunter claims she was a friend of her mother. The next day, Lindsay is ecstatic to find out that both she and Sarah were asked back to Alpha Nu, and Sarah also received another invitation to P.E.D., but they decide to go to Alpha Nu Gamma, where they meet with Corrine, who promises to put in a good word for Lindsay about a guy she saw  while she brushes an eyelash off Lindsay. A while later, in Sarah and Finn\'s European Mysticism class,  Dr. Hunter mentions to Sarah that she knows Sarah has magical powers, and so does she. Sarah, shocked, leaves and walks into Corrine, who cheers her up. In the evening, Sarah goes to Finn\'s room to borrow notes, but before she can get there, Corrine meets him first and says she was double-dared to introduce herself to "the hottest guy I\'ve never met" and have sex with him. Sarah catches them and leaves, followed by Corrine. Moments later, it is revealed that Corrine never saw Finn: It was Dr. Hunter who had glamored herself to look like Corrine. The next day, Sarah unintentionally uses her powers on Corrine and pushes her into a muddy ditch, then goes to see Dr. Hunter, who tells her that Alpha Nu and P.E.D. are not only lifelong rivals, but mortal enemies, fighting Good versus Evil. Sarah\'s powers, which mark her as "the One", could disrupt the balance, and Alpha Nu wants to sacrifice her to the Eternal Flame so they will live and stay out of Hell. Later, Sarah tells Lindsay what she learned, and Lindsay angrily claims that ever since the day they were born it was always about Sarah, and never about her. She leaves in tears, refusing to believe anything. Back at Alpha Nu, for a minute, we see Corrine\'s true form, as an old woman, who shape-shifts into a beautiful 21 year old college student. Esme , the Alpha Nu vice president, warns Corrine of the fight between Sarah, and Lindsay. Corrine devices a plan, and while doing so, she reveals The Knife of Truth, . She uses the eyelash she took from Lindsay to brew a potion, and used it to make the man she likes, After Lindsay realizes it was all a gag, she confronts Esme, and Corrine, who show her what she wants the most in her life,  and they promise to make her look as full-figured as she wants, if she joins. Back at their dormitory, Sarah is packing all of her belonging, saying she wants to leave, but Lindsay refuses, and wants to join Alpha Nu. Suddenly, a fire starts in their dormitory,  and Sarah at first uses heavy pillows, and coffee to put it out, but it only makes the fire grow. Sarah eventually, uses her magic to put out the fire, and it works. But the entire dormitory is declared uninhabitable by smoke-damage. Lindsay moves out leaving Sarah, and joins Alpha Nu. While Sarah sleeps in P.E.D. with her friend, Vita, who was initiated into P.E.D. The next day, Sarah and Vita become more acquainted. Sarah meets up with Finn, and they patch up their relationship, and Sarah sees Lindsay, taller, and more full-figured. Corrine offers to do the same for Sarah, if she joins. But Sarah refuses. After, Lindsay is confronted by Esme, and told that she\'s had it very nicely compared to the other pledges. She is told, "sacrifices has to be made." And Lindsay swears to do whatever she\'s told. In P.E.D.. Sarah is practicing her magic with Dr. Hunter. After a while, Dr. Hunter tells Sarah all about what Alpha Nu is trying to do, and what they will do, if Sarah doesn\'t pledge Alpha Nu. "Most likely, they\'ll just try to kill you, so we can\'t have you." And mentions how it all began, eighteen years earlier. When, both Alpha Nu, and herself thought that Sarah\'s mother was the One, but in the middle of the sacrifice, the knife refused to cut her. It was because she wasn\'t the One. She was pregnant, with twins,  and that the woman in the beginning was Sarah\'s real mother, not Trina Goodwin. Later, at Alpha Nu, Trina Goodwin is called to the Sorority House. In a fit of rage, she reveals that she killed Sarah and Lindsay\'s mother with her bare hands, and refuses to let Sarah not be initiated, and let all her 18 years of raising the girls go to waste. The next day, at the Library, Sarah tries, once more to convince Lindsay to leave together, but Lindsay refuses. Soon after, Esme attacks Sarah, and mentions that until Sarah pledges, she will throw every possible virgin into the fire to keep it alive, and that countless lives will be gone because of her. Sarah escapes, but sees that Finn is gone. She runs to the Alpha Nu house, and sees Finn tied up, and gagged. She sneaks into he house to look for him, but is caught by Lindsay, who apologizes to her and admits to being wrong about everything, and warns Sarah of a trap waiting for her. Sarah begs for Lindsay\'s help. Lindsay says that Finn is in the basement, and shows her the way. When Sarah frees Finn, Lindsay says that this was the trap, following the entrance of Corrine, and Esme. Corrine takes out the Knife of Truth, and puts it at Lindsay\'s throat. She offers Sarah the chance to offer herself willingly, and if she refuses, she will cut Lindsay\'s throat. Sarah uses her magic to snatch the knife, and put it at Esme\'s throat. Sarah says she will do it. Suddenly a drop of blood falls from the Knife, and hits the floor, causing the Eternal Flame to rise and roar with hunger. Everyone immediately sees Lindsay\'s throat is bleeding, revealing that Sarah is not the One, Lindsay is, and was all along. Corrine forces Sarah and Finn out of the house, and locks Lindsay in a room, and prepares her for the Initiation Ceremony. She calls Trina Goodwin, and tells her about Lindsay. Corrine mentions that it\'s ironic that Trina spent the last eighteen years bleeding the wrong daughter. Sarah never tried suicide, Trina was draining her blood through her wrists. Corrine decides that Trina Goodwin\'s services are no longer needed, and Corrine demands every drop of blood from Trina back, she kills Trina Goodwin with the Knife of Truth.  Sarah sends Finn to his dormitory, and she runs to P.E.D. and tells her the news. Everyone prepares for Initiation. While Sarah, in order to keep Finn safe from Alpha Nu, has sex with him to take away both of their virginity, ensuring the fact that the Eternal Flame will not take either of them. At Initiation, Sarah is initiated into P.E.D., and Lindsay is initiated into Alpha Nu Gamma. After the vows, Lindsay is taken to the basement, and  begs for freedom, and ends up being chained down upon the altar. At the same time, all of P.E.D. uses their magic to destroy the Alpha Nu house. Corrine sends all of the girls after them, and she will sacrifice Lindsay alone. Sarah runs in to free her sister, but Corrine almost ends up choking Sarah to death with the shackles used to hold Lindsay. Lindsay, finally free, picks up the Knife of Truth, cuts her hand, and stabs Corrine in the back, only to be stabbed in turn. With a handful of Lindsay\'s blood, Sarah pushes Corrine into the Eternal Flame, causing the Flame to uproar, destroying Corrine and the entire house. Back at P.E.D., Lindsay is healed by Dr. Hunter again, her inner strength proving Lindsay does have power after all. The movie ends with Dr. Hunter placing the Knife of Truth safely away forever; Sarah and all of P.E.D. walking out to find the rest of the Alpha Nus; and Esme walking off with a little bit of the Eternal Fire in a small cauldron.'] ['An asteroid much larger than that which caused the Chicxulub Crater is attacked by a ten-megaton nuclear warhead minutes before its collision with Earth, breaking it into three pieces, the largest of which bounces off the Earth\'s atmosphere. This "substantially changes the Earth\'s orbit", due to the amount of energy released by the asteroid piece  bouncing off the atmosphere resulting in a predicted increase in temperature to 151 Fahrenheit within five days. Authorities decide to inform the public of the problem after two days, touching off a wave of looting and attacks by gangs of police officers and criminals. One family gets together, hotwires a refrigerated truck, and heads for an airport where they plan to meet with a plane taking them to a remote Arctic outpost. Several gun battles ensue, until the disaster ends in a sudden rain as the Earth "finds its natural balance" with the gravity of the other planets as they manage to pull it back to its correct orbit.'] ["Sarah Travis  is fifteen years old and severely unhappy as a consequence of feeling isolated and inadequate. Her parents are divorced and she has minimal contact with her alcoholic father. Sarah lives with her mother, JoAnne, and stepfather, Matt. They do not notice how lonely Sarah is. She feels overshadowed by her sister, Nancy, and wishes to live with her father. Sarah commences drinking alcohol at a party hosted by her mother and stepfather. She feels uncomfortable with standard questions the guests ask her about how she is doing at school and what her favorite subjects are. Sarah is overcome with anxiety when she is forced to engage in conversations with important people at the party. She feels out of place in several situations. For example, her desire to fit in at school manifests itself with her attempting to become a member of the Glee Club. Unfortunately, Sarah is not accepted. Over the course of the film, Sarah makes numerous attempts to have contact with her salesman father, Richard , who often ignores his daughter's sincere attempts to have a meaningful father-daughter relationship with him. When Richard makes the effort to see her, he presents himself as someone who is interested in Sarah's life and wants to please his daughter. They often have fun together. When they meet, Sarah is disappointed to discover that her father is unemployed. He responds by asking Sarah to get him a beer. Her mood, however, improves when her father tells her that he threw his sample case from a bridge; this is a source of amusement for her. Richard shows that he is capable of showing affection for his daughter. Sarah is even more pleased when Richard gives her money in order to purchase an outfit. At first, when Sarah drinks, the alcohol seems to suppress her feelings of anxiety, insignificance and inadequacy. She associates happiness with drinking. For example, Sarah is embarrassed and humiliated when her mother arranges for her to attend a party at the Peterson's with a date, Ken. When Sarah emphatically states that she does not want to go, her mother's primary concern is of the social repurcussions if Sarah does not attend the party. Thus, at the party, Sarah plies herself with alcohol in order to satiate her feelings of inferiority. She surprises herself and others when she plays the guitar, which everyone at the party appreciates. When Sarah becomes inebriated at the party, her parents attribute blame to Ken, even though it was Sarah who made the conscious decision to drink copious amounts of alcoholic beverages. JoAnne is more concerned with the impression that the guests formed at the party of Sarah as opposed to caring about the welfare of her daughter. Ken exhibits an interest in Sarah. For example, he introduces her to his horse, Daisy. He invites her to spend a day with him and the two teenagers bond while riding Daisy. As a result of Sarah's close relationship with Ken, Sarah becomes more popular at school. While life at school improves for Sarah, her home life continues to be complicated, confusing amd erratic. For example, her mother decides to fire Margaret, the housekeeper, whom she has accused of watering down the scotch. Sarah knows that she herself is to blame and attempts to stand up for Maragaret. By this point in time, Sarah has began to appropriate the alcohol which is delivered to the house. Although Sarah exhibits symptoms of shame as a result of her drinking, she begins to consume alcohol at school. Matters become even more complex for Sarah when the school counsellor speaks to JoAnne and Sarah about the fact that Sarah has not attended classes. JoAnne also realises that Sarah has forged notes in JoAnne's name excusing her daughter from her classes. The counsellor is adamant that something is wrong in Sarah's life. JoAnne takes offence to this statement. The counsellor characterises Sarah as a student with a high I.Q. who once took a diligent approach to her schoolwork. JoAnne resents the counsellor's interventions and feels that she is being targeted because Sarah's parents are divorced. When Ken confronts Sarah about her binge drinking, she confesses that she drinks because the alcohol makes life a little bit easier. As the film progresses, Sarah endeavours to be regarded as mature. Her Daffy Duck hat, however, belies her attempts. She dons the hat when she babysits for the Tylers. When she does so, Ken  gently rebuffs her when she tells him that she loves him. To make matters worse, Sarah is unable to contact with her father when she attempts to do so by telephone. Sarah drinks when she is supposed to be babysitting and then passes out. When her mother discovers what Sarah has been up to, her only concern is that Sarah will be the focus of neighbourhood gossip. In a confrontation with Matt and JoAnne, Sarah states that she has been drinking almost everyday for two years. As she drinks more, however, things begin to get out of control. When Sarah and her mother see a doctor, her mother proves her inadequacy as a parent because she refuses to believe that Sarah has a problem and is only concerned what other people will think. Despite her mother's criticism, Sarah attends an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting where she meets Bobby, who is even younger than Sarah. What Bobby tells the group resonates with Sarah. She recognises herself in what Bobby says, such as the lying to other people as well as to oneself. During her family therapy sessions, Sarah expresses a desire for her family to be complete once again and for her parents to stop fighting. When Matt reveals that he is unable to have full custody of Sarah because of the nature of his job, Sarah once again feels the irresistible urge to drink. She is unable to purchase liquor because of her young age. She then asks a group of rough-looking teenagers to purchase a fifth of vodka for her. Sarah attempts to seal the bargain by inviting the youths to do anything that they would like to Sarah. They oblige, but tease her by devouring most of the bottle themselves. After she devours a bottle of vodka, she decides to take Daisy for a ride. Sarah's actions have fatal consequences for Daisy. Sarah spends time in a hospital, where she expresses extreme remorse for the way she has acted. She does not understand why she has been placed in a world where the only feelings she possesses are rotten and dismay. Sarah realises how much she has loved when not only her Mother and Father are willing to assist, but also her friends whom she has met when she attended the Alcoholics Anonymous meeting."] ["The film spans from her early childhood to the 1950s which details her life as a Dutch ballerina, coming to grips with her parents' divorce, and enduring life in the Nazi-occupied Netherlands during World War II. Audrey then settles in the U.S. where she succeeds in making it big as a movie actress, in such movies as Breakfast at Tiffany's. The closing credits include footage of the real Audrey Hepburn during one of the UNICEF missions she undertook near the end of her life."] ['The movie starts off with Mussolini arriving in a small town in 1901 and getting a job as a school teacher; he is subsequently fired for having sex with the headmaster\'s daughter. This would be a common theme throughout the movie. After giving up on teaching, he works as a builder on the new University of Geneva campus building, and where a lover persuades him to become a student. This is also where he organizes his first protest after the death of a worker he knew. For this, he is nearly deported but is saved by Angelica\'s intervention. After getting run out of then-Austro-Hungarian Trieste, he goes back to his hometown of Forlì, where he marries Rachele. Soon he is at the forefront of the Socialist movement when he becomes the editor-in-chief of Avanti!. At this point Mussolini unites the "reds," the Socialists, with the "yellows," the Republicans in an anti-war movement. This marks the peak of his power, with the Italian left-wing politics under his control. However, he gradually loses his anti-war fervor and splits from the Socialist party altogether, turning all his allies into enemies.'] ['William Sebastian  is a former criminologist who now studies the occult to explain the problem of human evil. He has been cursed on one of his adventures by the demon Asmodeus, leaving him in constant need of medical attention. He summons an old colleague, Dr. "Ham" Hamilton  to his home to help him with a case involving the Cyon family. Dr. Hamilton does not believe in the occult and thinks that Sebastian and his housekeeper Lilith  are playing tricks on him when he witnesses unusual events. As the pair are getting reacquainted, a woman claiming to be Anitra Cyon  unexpectedly visits and tells Sebastian that his services are no longer required. Sebastian recognizes that this person is not Anitra Cyon, but rather a succubus sent to stop Sebastian from investigating the family. He defeats her using the Apocryphal Book of Tobit. He and Ham depart to the airport where they are flown by Mitri Cyon  to London. While over the Atlantic the engines of the plane fail, something that Sebastian claims is the result of supernatural intervention. Thanks to Mitri\'s expertise, they land safely in England. Sebastian asks the Cyon chauffeur to stop off at the home of Dr. Qualus, a long-time associate who has been researching the Cyon family. Qualus\' house is on fire. Ham and Sebastian find Qualus\' body lying partially inside a pentagram, the body fatally mauled. The police arrive, and Inspector Cabell  escorts them to Cyon Manor. When they reach the Manor, they are greeted first by Sir Geoffrey Cyon , Anitra and Mitri\'s older brother and head of the family. He is aware that Sebastian and Ham are there to investigate him, and he intends to defy their efforts. The real Anitra  reiterates her reason for consulting Sebastian: due to an unknown influence, Geoffrey\'s behaviour has changed dramatically and he has turned Cyon Manor into a den of iniquity. Geoffrey dismisses her concerns. The following day Mitri is attacked by dogs, leaving him in critical condition. Sebastian and Ham suspect Geoffrey is behind the attack. That night, the duo investigate the grounds of the Manor and discover ruins which lead to a hidden underground temple devoted to Asmodeus. They suspect that the real Geoffrey is dead and that Asmodeus has assumed his form. The next day the pair prepare to do battle with Asmodeus and his cult. Further investigation of the hidden temple reveals that it is Mitri who is dead and whose form Asmodeus has assumed. Geoffrey is a pawn who was used to increase the cult and who will be forced to sacrifice Anitra to Asmodeus. Sebastian defeats Asmodeus, whose power is destroyed. The Cyons and the cultists are freed, and the curse on Sebastian is removed.'] ['During the holiday season, Bethlehem School goes under review by a stern school administrator Cal Peterson , sent to eliminate programs to save money and the school itself. Following long review, Cal decides to eliminate the music program led by music teacher Lily Waite . Cal is unaware that his teenage niece Fern , whom he has been taking care of, has been changed by the music program. At the final concert, before Lily must leave her job, the music program is saved by generous donations, and Cal sees Fern perform. There are many sub-plots, including the hijinks of Jake Peterson . With a musical back ground, this film is unique in itself, it reaches out to the viewer not only through acting but through the joy of Christmas music, showing tradition in a new light, and showing that you are only as old as you feel.'] ["Santa's in the midst of a late-life crisis—he's tired of the responsibilities of the job and is ready to pass on the reins to his business-minded daughter Mary, who feels torn between the family business and running her own high stakes firm in New York City, along with balancing a relationship with the love of her life, Luke. The situation gets increasingly dire when Teri, an ambitious new arrival to the North Pole, sows dissension at the workshop in an effort to take over Christmas. However, it is revealed Teri is an elf bitter at Mary and was trying to take over Christmas. But Mary manages to stop her and take care of the yearly rounds around the world."] ['Jimmy Roberts  is a 12-year-old boy who can\'t seem to say no to anybody, and as a result, ends up getting taken advantage of on a regular basis, even by his best friend Craig . This problem continues during his class trip to Gollyworld, where he misses out on many of the rides because Craig tells the popular kids that Jimmy will hold their items for them. The popular kids then, on Craig\'s suggestion, tell Jimmy to go try to find Milt Appleday\'s  frozen brain, which supposedly is hidden somewhere in Tux\'s Arctic Adventure. As usual, Jimmy unwillingly gives in, and once there, bumps into Milt\'s son Sonny , who is attempting to retrieve the brain from underneath the ice. After being spotted by Sonny, Jimmy quickly flees and during his escape, accidentally runs onto the path of an oncoming train and is sent to the hospital, where Milt\'s brain  is transplanted into his head. He makes it out of the operation just fine with his personality intact  but, he can now see all of Appleday\'s characters in real life, while no one else can. With the help of his crush, Robin , who is also Craig\'s sister, Jimmy and the characters learn that the reason they\'ve lost their popularity is thanks to Sonny, who unwittingly ruined their cartoons through his own ideas, especially Golly who is crushed to learn that his top spot as most popular cartoon character in the world has been reduced to nothing, but he figures with Jimmy now at the helm, he can quickly make him a star again. Now that he\'s president of Appleday Pictures , Jimmy is immensely popular, but no longer has time for school or his friends. Meanwhile, Sonny has rented out a room in Jimmy\'s house and now lives with his family because Jimmy\'s dad allows him when it is obvious that Sonny is deceiving the family. Sonny has dinner with them and meets Jimmy\'s alien sister, Yancy , all the while constantly scheming to get Milt\'s brain out of Jimmy\'s head and for himself. And without the brain, Jimmy would die. He devises a plan to modify Crocco\'s train to include several dangerous devices on it that will decapitate Jimmy and get him what he wants. However, he says this plan out loud  and Yancy catches on. Eventually, Robin attempts to point out to Jimmy that the cartoons are walking all over him just like everybody else used to, but he denies this, adding that the only reason Robin even liked him was because of him having Milt\'s brain. He takes off for his television debut, leaving her behind to encounter Sonny, who says that since she knows his plan, he\'ll have to do away with her. At the studio, Jimmy tells the ego-maniac Golly that all that the Presidency of Appleday Studios has gotten him isn\'t what he really wanted, which drives Golly to get angry at him and shout at him that it is impossible for him to say no to anybody. Jimmy finally realizes Robin was right and denounces his position as President, causing the show to be canceled. Sonny, however, still wants the brain, and has tied Robin down to the train tracks, forcing Jimmy and the characters  to go save her. Golly temporarily changes Jimmy into a cartoon "Knight in shining armor". Robin is saved from being run over after Jimmy goes inside the train and destroys the engine. Sonny\'s plan is foiled. Jimmy dresses up as Milt to hide from Sonny, and Sonny is momentarily distracted by his affection for his father. Yancy, Jimmy\'s alien sister, saves Jimmy just in time by using her power of teleportation. Robin and Jimmy return to Craig\'s house, where he was planning to throw a party with Jimmy as the guest of honor, and everything is patched up between them. However, since the partygoers were watching the show he was on, and saw him talk about the importance of friendship, they figured that Jimmy wasn\'t cool, and instead just stupid at giving up all that fame, and leave the party. In an epilogue, Jimmy is leaving for school. Sonny still wants the brain and is seen hiding behind a curtain. He has a device that can grab his head. Sonny almost succeeds, but the crane misses its target.'] ["Although loosely structured, the film is concerned mainly with four topics: Chełmno, where gas vans were first used to exterminate Jews; the death camps of Treblinka and Auschwitz-Birkenau; and the Warsaw Ghetto, with testimonies from survivors, witnesses, and perpetrators. The sections on Treblinka include testimony from Abraham Bomba, who survived as a barber, Richard Glazar, an inmate, and a rare interview with Franz Suchomel, an SS officer who worked at the camp who reveals intricate details of the camp's gas chamber. Suchomel apparently agreed to provide Lanzmann with some anonymous background details; Lanzmann instead secretly filmed his interview, with the help of assistants and a hidden camera. There is also an account from Henryk Gawkowski, who drove one of the trains while intoxicated with vodka. Gawkowski is portrayed on the photograph used on the poster. Testimonies on Auschwitz are provided by Rudolf Vrba, who escaped from the camp before the end of the war and Filip Müller, who worked in an incinerator burning the bodies from the gassings. There are also accounts from various local villagers, who witnessed trains heading daily to the camp and returning empty; they quickly guessed the fate of those on board. The only two Jews to survive Chelmno are interviewed: Simon Srebnik, who was forced to sing military songs to amuse the Nazis and Mordechaï Podchlebnik. There is also a secretly filmed interview with Franz Schalling, who was a guard. The Warsaw ghetto is discussed toward the end of the film, and the conditions there are described by Jan Karski, who worked for the Polish government-in-exile and Franz Grassler, a Nazi administrator who liaised with Jewish leaders. Memories from Jewish participants in the Warsaw Ghetto uprising conclude the documentary. Lanzmann also interviews Holocaust historian Raul Hilberg, who discusses the historical significance of Nazi propaganda against the European Jews and the Nazi invention of the Final Solution. The complete text of the film was published in 1985."] ["Ralph is a retired police officer who has worked as a New York cop for over 38 years. He plans on visiting his niece Jennifer in Chicago for the holidays. Jennifer is a successful businesswoman and the single mother of her young son Brian. She grew up all her life mostly at Ralph's, as her mother was constantly traveling and her father died when she was very young. Since then, she has lost her Christmas spirit. At the airport, Ralph has no idea where he has to be and he is helped by co-traveller Morgan Derby, a 30-year-old chef who has trouble accepting his age. When it turns out his second flight to Denver is cancelled, Ralph offers Morgan to stay at Jennifer's place. Initially, Jennifer is reluctant to take in Morgan, but she allows him to stay, since he is a top chef and she needs someone to make her son a turkey. They soon come to the conclusion that they are two completely different people. Jennifer is irritated by his careless and adventurous behavior and Morgan feels that she is a cynical control freak, which is mostly the result of dating the successful but materialistic businessman Richard Windom. Ralph, however, feels that they are perfect for each other and tries to prevent Jennifer from sending Morgan away. When Jennifer is about to set him off at the airport, it turns out Ralph has stolen his passport. Jennifer and Morgan end up spending the entire day together and bond. With a lot of trouble and some illegal activities, Morgan is able to get Brian the one Christmas gift he wished for: rocketwheel, a very rare bicycle. Later that night, on Christmas Eve, Morgan makes Brian believe in Santa Claus again, by climbing on the roof and pretending to be one of Santa's helpers. Meanwhile, Jen and Richard attend a formal party and get engaged. Upon hearing the news, Morgan feels disappointed and leaves. Jennifer is mad when she finds out, but softens up when Ralph tells her that Morgan nearly killed himself on the roof, trying to make Brian believe in Christmas again. Finally convinced by Ralph and Morgan's opinion on Richard and realizing she is in love with Morgan, she breaks off the engagement. She rushes to the airport, trying to stop Morgan from leaving. In the end, they become a couple."] ['In a small town in the Deep South, "Bubba" Ritter , a large but gentle mentally challenged man, befriends young Marylee Williams, . Some of the townspeople are upset by the friendship between Marylee and Bubba, and the brooding, mean-spirited postman Otis Hazelrigg  is the worst. When Marylee is almost killed by a vicious dog  and lies unconscious at a doctor\'s office, Otis promptly assumes that Bubba has murdered  her. Otis and three friends - gas station attendant Skeeter Norris and farmer-cousins Philby and Harliss Hocker - form a lynch mob. They chase Bubba to his mother \'s house. She believes her son and they play "the Hiding Game": disguising Bubba as a scarecrow and posting him in a nearby field to wait for the drama to cool down. Otis\' bloodhounds sniff Bubba out, however, and all four vigilantes empty multiple rounds from their guns into him, killing him. Afterwards, they discover that Marylee is in fact alive, thanks to Bubba, whom they have just murdered. Acting fast, Otis places a pitchfork in Bubba\'s lifeless hands to make it appear as if he were attacking them with a weapon. In court, Otis and his fellow vigilantes swear they acted in self-defense. Bubba\'s mother denounces her son\'s killers before the courtroom, stating, "You may think that you\'re getting off free, but there\'s other justice in this world, besides the law!" only to be ejected by the bailiff. Sam Willock, the local district attorney, does not believe the vigilantes\' self-defense story, but he cannot make the murder case stick due to a lack of witnesses. The vigilantes go free, but Sam calls after them: "Hazelrigg, just a minute. I want to tell you "men" one thing. I think you executed that man. And I promise you this; If I ever find a single shred of evidence, I\'ll see every one of you on Death row!" A day later, Harliss finds a scarecrow in his fields like the one Bubba was hidden in. Neither Harliss nor his wife can figure out how it got there as neither of them placed it. That evening, the scarecrow has disappeared. As he begins his walk up the steps to his front door, the wood chipper begins to run, and a light comes on in the barn. At first, Harliss believes Sam has invited himself over, walks to the barn, and shuts off the chipper. As he investigates, he climbs up the hayloft to confront what he now believes is the district attorney snooping around his barn. Walking on the support beam, he is startled as the wood chipper is mysteriously reactivated. Losing his balance, he grabs the cord of the light that is hanging in the barn. Screaming, he calls for his wife. No longer able to hang on as the sparks from the light shower him, he loses his grip on the light and dies after falling into the chipper. The next morning, Skeeter and Philby inform Otis of Harliss\'s mysterious death. The trio investigate, and find the thresher is no longer operational. Otis figures it must have run out of gas, but when its tank proves to be nearly full, he jumps to another conclusion. The next morning, he visits Mrs. Ritter and accuses her of killing his friend, although he cannot prove anything. She denies the charges, but says that all four of the men will get their just deserts promptly enough . When Philby discovers a scarecrow like the one Bubba was dressed as in his field, Otis acts fast. He breaks into Mrs. Ritter\'s house as she sits before her lit fireplace and grabs her from behind, demanding that she explain what\'s going on with the scarecrows. But she cannot tell him anything because she has suffered a heart attack as he tries to muffle her screams. To cover his tracks, Otis turns Mrs. Ritter\'s gas stove on full, then walks out. As the gas reaches the fireplace the house explodes, again leaving nothing for Sam to use against Otis. That night at his farm, Philby notices that the "Bubba" scarecrow  in his field has gotten off its field-post, and is walking toward him. Panicking, Philby locks himself in a grain silo. The scarecrow jams the silo door, trapping Philby inside, and then turns on the conveyor belt feeding into the silo. Philby is buried in grain and perishes. The next day, Skeeter is ready to turn himself in rather than face the scarecrow\'s wrath. Yet Otis remains convinced that it\'s all a hoax by somebody seeking to avenge the Ritter murders. To verify said theory, Otis and Skeeter break into the local cemetery that night. They dig up Bubba\'s coffin and open it. Bubba is inside . Otis has to wrestle Skeeter to stop him from fleeing in terror. They agree to fill the grave back in. But as Skeeter is nailing the coffin shut again, Otis kills him from behind by striking his head with a shovel. Otis re-buries both corpses and then drives off, back towards town. En route home, Otis finds Marylee alone at roadside, and chases her into a pumpkin patch. He grabs Marylee and accuses her of masterminding the scarecrow murders. Suddenly, a combination payloader/plowing machine starts up nearby and chases Otis through the pumpkin patch, snapping its shovel and turning pumpkins to pulp.  As he flees, Otis accidentally runs into the Bubba-Scarecrow, still holding the pitchfork, on which Otis has just impaled himself. Otis sinks to his knees and points at the Scarecrow, who nods, before keeling over dead. The scarecrow walks off through the pumpkin patch and finds Marylee, to whom he hands a flower. She says: "Thank you, Bubba. You know what? Tomorrow, I think I\'ll teach you a new game. Did I ever show you how to play the Chasing Game? It\'s fun. You\'ll love it. It\'s sort of like playing tag..." Note: "With its 1981 release “Dark Night of the Scarecrow” was the first feature length horror film with a scarecrow as its centerpiece. In the intervening years many have copied this image, but with “Dark Night of the Scarecrow” writer J.D. Feigelson is credited as creator of the entire “Killer Scarecrow” horror film sub-genre." Aaron Crowell Managing Editor HorrorHound Magazine'] ['Dan and Laura Miller  have been married for several years, but their relationship begins to change when their only son, Adam , loses his hearing at the age of four. At first his parents accept this change because Laura is deaf herself. Though later, Dan begins to explore the idea that with a surgical procedure and cochlear implants his son may be able to hear once again. A rift forms between Dan and Laura when Dan starts to favor the procedure and Laura and her deaf parents oppose it. Soon what opens up is a larger issue of deaf pride, also ethical issues around Cochlear implants and its effect of the deaf culture, as Laura\'s father Max, a deaf pride advocate, puts it, "The majority always thinks each minority wants to be like them", as he doesn\'t consider deafness a disability, and hence remains against the implants. Dan on the other hand sees this a deaf prejudice against him, and hearing people, when he simply wants to give his son a better future. Soon, they take the dispute to a child custody hearing, but in the end decide to work it out on their own and stay a family.Sweet Nothing in My Ear Variety.<ref name10976 Sweet Nothing in My Ear] The Hollywood Reporter.Overview New York Times.'] ['In the small town of Paradise, Massachusetts, chief of police Jesse Stone  is on the phone with his ex-wife in Los Angeles who tells him not to call her that night. She\'s started seeing someone who finds it strange that the two still talk every evening. Jesse is dealing with other changes in his life. His deputy Luther "Suitcase" Simpson  is still in a coma from a head-wound he received in a supermarket robbery, his other deputy, Molly Crane, resigned from the force to have children, and her replacement, Rose Gammon , finds Jesse\'s behavior a little strange. Rose once worked for Jesse\'s predecessor. Jesse is still struggling to control his drinking. He receives advice on the street from a concerned neighbor, Hilda Evans , who recommends the music of Johannes Brahms to comfort him when he\'s feeling troubled. After stopping by the hospital to read to Luther, then stopping to give a parking ticket to brash Sybil Martin , Jesse returns home alone and plays a record album he purchased of Brahms\' piano music.The music is from Six Pieces for Piano, Intermezzo in A Major, Op. 118 No. 2 by Johannes Brahms. Completed in 1893 and dedicated to Clara Schumann, the collection was the second to last composition to be published during Brahms\' lifetime, and his second to last work composed for solo piano. As part of the murder investigation, Jesse drives to the home of Rebecca\'s sister, Leeann , who moved back to Massachusetts following the discovery of Rebecca\'s body to care for her ailing mother. After questioning her about her sister, Jesse asks how she could afford the expensive hospice care. Leeann tells him she made a lot of money in real estate while living in Beverly Hills. In the coming days, Jesse and Leeann talk on the phone and are clearly attracted to each other. Later, Jesse drives back to Leeann and they have dinner together, kissing each other goodnight. Meanwhile, Luther\'s "coply intuition" leads him to request a background check on Leeann, which reveals that she was reported missing by her landlady the day of the robbery. The report also indicates that Leeann worked as a waitress, not in real estate. Jesse deduces that the woman claiming to be Leeann is actually Rebecca. Jesse drives back to Leeann\'s home and reveals that he knows her true identity. Rebecca admits that when she had discovered the money laundering operation at the bank, she convinced Leeann to pose as a male bank robber and take her hostage. Her plans went wrong when the guard shot Leeann during the robbery. When the sisters reached the spot where they had planned to change clothes, Leeann died from her gunshot wound. Rebecca stripped Leeann of the robber\'s clothes, buried them, put her clothes on Leeann and buried her too. She took the money and returned to California, assuming her sister\'s identity. Two years later, her mother suffered a stroke the day after the body of Leeann was discovered and misidentified as Rebecca. She moved back to Massachusetts to care for her, still posing as Leeann. Knowing that if he arrests Rebecca, her mother will have no one. As he leaves, Jesse says, "You won\'t be hearing from me again." Back in Boston, Jesse tells Gino that the woman who stole his money from the bank used most of it taking care of her sick mother. At first thinking Jesse is being facetious, Gino comes to believe that Jesse in fact does not know where the money is and agrees to call off Terrance. Returning home to Paradise that night, Jesse calls Rebecca but is unable to speak. As he straightens his framed picture of Ozzie Smith that is perpetually crooked, Terrance steps from the shadows and fires a shot at him. Seeing Terrance in the reflection of the glass, Jesse avoids the shot, dives for his gun on the coffee table, and takes cover behind the kitchen counter where he returns fire and kills Terrance Genest. Afterwards, Jesse walks out onto the deck, sits down with a drink, and with Reggie at his side, looks out in loneliness at the evening sky.'] ['A mutated bird flu virus spreads across the world. As panic spreads, the governor of Virginia quarantines neighborhoods where cases have cropped up, and federal officials confess they have no vaccine and scant supplies of antiviral drugs. Major socioeconomic disruption sets in, with shortages of food and medical supplies, power outages, and riots in the streets of New York. A second civil war even erupts in the United States. Eventually, the pandemic begins to subside. But in the final scene, the discovery that an entire Angolan village was wiped out by a new mutation of the virus and a second wave of cases will begin causes further panic.CIDRAP'] ['Police officer Frank Spivey ([[Steven Weber  is eating lunch in his squad car when he happens upon a crazed man with a meat cleaver forcing a young woman  onto the ground. When Spivey intervenes, the man tells Spivey that he "doesn\'t know what she is," forcing Spivey to shoot the man before he kills her. As he begins to console her, he first notices that although she has an attractive body, her face is horrifically disfigured. Despite his initial revulsion, she cuddles into his arms and he finds himself affectionately drawn to her. At the police station his partner continues to kid on about the whole situation, trying to get him to forget about the shooting and the female. Still oddly drawn to her, Spivey excuses himself from his partner. That night he goes home and his wife Ruby , attempts to console him after learning of the shooting. As they begin to make love, he keeps picturing the woman and begins to anally rape his wife. She eventually forces him off her as he has lost himself in his fantasy of the woman. The next day, after a female detective interrogates the mystery woman, the detective relates to Spivey that the girl\'s name is probably Jenifer, since it was on a note in the man\'s pocket, and that she is mute and most likely retarded. Spivey visits Jenifer at the mental hospital to check on her. A male orderly comments that she has been frightening the male staff. When he enters her room, she is still in the shower and runs to embrace him despite being completely nude. Frank takes her to his home because he can find nowhere else that will take her. That night he dreams of a non-disfigured Jenifer seducing him, when he awakes she\'s standing in the room, and his wife and his son Pete  first experience her with varying degrees of disgust. His wife issues an ultimatum that it will be her or Jenifer staying there, so he again goes out to search for a place to take her. This time instead of looking, he is seduced by Jenifer in his car. When he brings her home she frightens away Frank\'s wife and son, devours his cat, and murders and eats his young neighbor Amy . Frank finally attempts to get a circus worker to kidnap her and put her in his freak show. When he arrives home, he finds Jenifer covered in blood and the circus worker dead in his refrigerator. Frank takes Jenifer and flees to an abandoned cabin in the woods where she hopefully can\'t hurt anyone. Frank gets a job at a small market and begins to slip out of Jenifer\'s spell. One day however, Jenifer spies him with the attractive owner of the store and follows the shop owner\'s son to a party. There she lures him into the woods and seduces him. Much like Frank he is repulsed by her face, but makes no effort to turn her away. In looking for Jenifer in the cabin cellar, Frank discovers her devouring the boy and snaps. Grabbing her by the hair he forces her through the woods to kill her. Just as he\'s about to strike her down a deer hunter shoots and kills Frank. Frank\'s last words are Jenifer as the deer hunter moves to comfort her... just as Frank had done.'] ["The film begins with a high school senior, Josh, who is stunned to see that he unknowningly won an MTV contest to see Carmen Electra, and it was actually his sister, Jen, who won the contest and invites everyone they know in their school. Josh and his classmates arrive on an isolated island  where they have an enormous party, but Josh, who has been dumped by his girlfriend, is not really into the fun. Despite having his best friends Andy and Stack with him, he is angry that Jen, who wanted her brother to have an awesome time, scammed him. After catching a quick glimpse of a flying ant, Josh and Jen got backstage passes to see Carmen Electra. Josh then finds himself attracted to the singer. Later on, a concert featuring Carmen begins and Josh dances with joy. Suddenly, the flying ant Josh saw earlier appears before the crowd, sending everyone into a panic, and heads toward the stage. Eightball, Carmen's bodyguard, is grabbed by the insect followed by Carmen. Josh then watches as the flying ant takes Carmen to a faraway mountain  after dropping Eightball. The partygoers, terrified, attempt to call on their cell-phones but are cut off from the mainland, and despite the assured announcements by Bob Staton, they then start to leave on the boats. However, Josh, who thinks he can go and rescue Carmen, halts them and manages to convince them to join him but thanks to statements by Staton, they leave for real. Josh, Andy, Stack, and Jen then prepare for the journey, but before going, they are joined by Lil Mandy, who is determined to highlight her career, and her cameraman GT as well as Josh's ex-girlfriend Maddy and her new boyfriend, arrogant class president Chase. As the gang travel into the jungle, Stack climbs up a tree after settling down the arguing group and catches a glimpse of the mountain before falling down. Eightball appears, having fell on the tree after being dropped, and faithfully joins the group's search for Carmen. Before moving on, Maddy finds a mysterious necklace and wears it, which leads her to point out to the mountain. The group heads further down, encounters a gigantic praying mantis, and escapes with a canoe on a lake. On the other hand, Carmen awakens to find herself deep within the mountain and is held prisoner. The group camps out, and are attacked by a fish-like monster, which kills GT. The creature is then tranquilized by a mysterious man in a white suit. He introduces himself as Dr. Harryhausen, who leads them to an abandoned United States military base and tells them that he has been on the island for many years while he reveals that the island was once home to a tribe of prehistoric humans that disappeared and the military attempted to claim this land but to no avail. The doctor also says that the monsters that the gang has encountered have been transformed thanks to radioactive bombs dropped on the island, and warns them that the island, polluted and dumped with toxic waste, will soon sink to the bottom of the ocean. Josh and company take the doctor's advice and continue. They then see that Maddy is acting strangely heroic and determined, and shows them the way to the mountain. The team then hide from a pair of praying mantises, and flee from the female which killed its mate. Josh and the others cross a bridge, and Eightball sacrifices himself to save the others by using a bulldozer to knock down the mantis down the ledge and him along with it. Panicked, Chase yells about the dangers they may face and Maddy rejects him furiously. Upon reaching the mountain, Josh, Stack, Andy, Josh, and Jen arm themselves before heading up. Meanwhile, Chase abandons Lil Mandy, who is then eaten by a monstrous spider, and takes her camera footage. Josh and the remaining group reach the top, and Josh manages to kill an attacking soldier ant with his makeshift bow and arrow. They see Dr. Harryhausen who decides to join them, and go into the mountain. In there, they see the queen ant and her underlings order a group of ancient people, revealed to be the disappeared tribe, to bring food to a pile and discover Carmen, who is being worshipped. Maddy, revealed as an incarnation of the island's goddess, uses the necklace to break the tribe free from control of the ants, and they retaliate. Eventually, the gang manage to get out of the volcano with Carmen while Harryhausen remains behind and uses an explosive to destroy the attacking queen along with himself. Soon enough, the island begins to shake and Josh then grabs the necklace from Maddy, bringing her back to her senses. However, the boat waiting for Lil Mandy left, and just when hope seems to be lost, a helicopter carrying Nick Carter arrives and saves the group and a couple of ancient people. In the helicopter on the way home, Rudy, a creature left in the care of the group, comes along and Josh and Maddy renew their relationship. The film ends with Chase being left behind, and he is then pursued by the aforementioned fish monster."] ["A journalist for a struggling television station travels to Africa to meet conservationist and filmmaker John Varty, who has been following a mother leopard for several years. She believes this would make an interesting story for the station's viewers. However, things don't work out as planned as one of the station's executives is trying to stop her filming idea and the unfortunate death of the mother leopard."] ['Mary Griffith  is a devout Christian who raises her children with the conservative teachings of the Presbyterian Church. However, when her son Bobby  confides to his older brother that he may be gay, life changes for the entire family after Mary learns about his secret. Bobby\'s father and siblings slowly come to terms with his homosexuality, but Mary believes that God can "cure" him. She takes him to a psychiatrist and persuades Bobby to pray harder and seek solace in Church activities in hopes of changing him. Desperate for his mother\'s approval, Bobby does what is asked of him, but through it all, the Church\'s disapproval of homosexuality and his mother\'s attempts to suppress his growing behaviors in public causes him to grow increasingly withdrawn and depressed. Stricken with guilt, Bobby moves away with his cousin, hoping that some day, his mother will accept him. He moves to Oregon, giving up on his hopes of defeating homosexuality. He finds a boyfriend, David ([[Scott Bailey , at a gay bar. However, Mary makes it clear that she still does not want her son to continue as he is. Despite meeting David\'s parents, who assure them that things will change, Bobby continues thinking of his mother\'s words, and also sees David with another man. Finally, Bobby\'s subsequent depression and self-loathing intensifies as he blames himself for not being the "perfect" son, and one night, he free falls off a freeway bridge into the path of an oncoming eighteen-wheeler truck, which kills him instantly. The family receives the horrible news the following day, and is devastated. Faced with their tragedy, Mary begins to question herself and her Church\'s interpretation of the Scripture. Through her long and emotional journey, Mary slowly reaches out to the gay community and discovers unexpected support from a very unlikely source. She becomes acquainted with a local gay reverend, who convinces her to attend a meeting of Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays . It is there that she realizes that she knew Bobby was different from conception and that his true value was in his heart. {{cquote}} She becomes an advocate for gay rights and eventually gives a speech in a town council meeting in support of a local "gay day". She urges people to think before they say, voice, or support homophobia because "a child is listening". The measure is rejected, but she and her family travel to San Francisco with fellow PFLAG members and walk in a gay pride parade, during which she sees another young man just like Bobby observing the parade. She walks over and hugs him, finally coming to terms with her son\'s death and vowing to work hard for the rights of gays and lesbians.<ref namehttp://www.mylifetime.com/on-tv/movies/prayers-bobby |titleMyLifetime.com |accessdate = 2009-01-10 }}'] [' Five high school freshmen: Olivia White , Mohini "Mo" Banjaree , Charles "Charlie" Delgado , Stella Yamada , and Wendell "Wen" Gifford  all meet after ending up in detention for different reasons. While there, they tap out a beat and play instruments, and Olivia sings "Turn Up the Music". The next day, the band forms with Olivia as lead vocalist, Stella as lead guitarist, Mo as bass guitarist, Wen as keyboardist, and Charlie as drummer,Lemonade Mouth &ndash; Meet the characters. disney.go.com. Retrieved 2011-04-03. but they are unable to choose a band name. At school, Olivia gets cornered by Ray Beech , lead singer of a rival band, Mudslide Crush, who begins questioning and bullying her. The rest of the band intervenes and Stella spits lemonade onto Ray. Ray refers to Stella as "lemonade mouth" and Olivia, the narrator, states: "And that is how we got our band name." The band is later shocked to see that the unique lemonade machine, "Mel\'s Organic Lemonade", is scheduled for removal. The school principal Brenigan  moved all extracurricular activities to the school basement to make room for a new gymnasium. When Mo sees her boyfriend, Scott Picket , the guitarist of Mudslide Crush, heavily flirting with another girl, she is devastated and leaves him. Meanwhile, Olivia and Wen meet to work on a song together and bond. At the Halloween bash, Lemonade Mouth performs "Determinate." After the performance, Stella makes a speech opposing Brenigan\'s decisions and encouraging self-expression to the supportive crowd. Angered, Principal Brenigan shuts them down and calls them to his office the next day. He compliments their talent as a band, but forbids them from playing at school again. The next day, the band sees posters and banners all around the school supporting Lemonade Mouth, which raises their spirits. They also discover that "Determinate" is playing on the local radio. Shortly after, however, things go downhill: Mo gets sick, Charlie breaks his fingers, Wen injures his eye, and Olivia loses her voice. Stella calls everyone to the school, where she is protesting the removal of the lemonade machine. The group gets into a heated argument with one another and fight with the men removing the lemonade machine. Police arrive and they are brought to a holding cell to wait for their parents. After contemplating giving up, the band agrees to stick together and perform at Rising Star , even though they realize that they will not win the competition. At Rising Star, Mudslide Crush performs "Don\'t Ya Wish U Were Us". Lemonade Mouth takes the stage and tries to perform "Determinate," but no one except Stella can play, due to their injuries. Discouraged, they start to leave. The audience then begins to sing "Determinate" together in support of the band. Fed up with Ray, Scott leaves Mudslide Crush and plays with Stella, joining Lemonade Mouth as they stand together in tears, watching the audience sing for them. In narration, Olivia reveals that although they did not win the competition, they won something bigger that night. Things start patching up again for the band: Mo and Scott get back together; Charlie, who had previously liked Mo, accepts this and decides to aim his attention at a girl who likes him; and Wen accepts his new stepmother. At Wen\'s father\'s wedding, the man sitting next to Stella tells her that he was in a band once and now runs an organic lemonade company that has recently become very successful. Stella recognizes him as Mel, and he agrees to donate a music hall for Ms. Reznik and everything works out after all. Olivia mails the entire story to her father, whom she has not seen in years because he is in prison. The film closes with Lemonade Mouth performing "Breakthrough" at Madison Square Garden, with Scott as their new additional guitarist. An extended version includes an interview with the band.'] ['Marta de la Cruz is the daughter of two hardworking Mexican immigrants. She and her two siblings were born in the United States and are living in Los Angeles. They are a working-class family, and their hardworking father, Samuel, is the opperations manager of a steel mill that makes chain link fences. He has been working hard for much of his life, and the work finally paid off when they became legal citizens. They also have a close relationship with their next-door neighbor Jorge, who is struggling to find work because he has no papers. Marta is seen as spoiled, immature, and somewhat naive, but she wants to have an amazing quinceanera, as her friends are all having one. Her parents tell her that she may have to postpone it, because of financial problems, when in reality, they are not legal citizens, and they need to save money in case Samuel\'s boss, Mr. Waterman  finds out and he is left jobless. Marta does not understand the situation and is very angry and upset. Her jealousy only increases when she is forced to get a job in the immigration department of their church to volunteer in the community. She continues to plan, however, determined to have her "quince". Also, her friends are busy hitting on her handsome, distant cousin Ramón from New York who just arrived in California. They are pressuring Marta to dance with him at her quince, but she is too shy, and Ramon is struggling with his inability to read or write. Samuel knows that he has earned his citizenship, as he has worked hard and lived in America for over a decade, but as he has no papers, there is no way that anybody can know that. While working at the church one day, Marta discovers that Samuel is an illegal, and begins getting very worried and touchy about the subject. The same day, despite Samuel\'s warnings, Jorge gets a job at a warehouse that has a reputation for deporting illegal employes on pay day. Samuel does not want Marta dating Ramón, but she goes behind his back and enlists him for help in getting all of Samuel\'s previous employer\'s signatures, so he can get his papers. Meanwhile, Jorge is deported to Mexico when he fails to present his papers, which he does not have. Also, at Samuel\'s plant, more and more employees are being fired or deported, and Samuel fears he may be next, so he is hard at work trying to find a second job, one that does not require papers. She gets all but one signature, and goes to an auto salvage yard for the last one, but the manager is rude and stubbornly refuses to sign the papers. Marta is persistant, and the manager has a change of heart and manages to sign the papers. Also, Ramón learns how to read and surprises Marta with it. She presents her father with his signatures, and he sends them in for their papers. Soon after, he is given his temporary papers to show at his job, as it will be a while before their permanent papers arrive. Samuel thanks his daughter and they embrace. However, Marta is soon told that they found that she had been tampering with the files and she has to go inside. As she goes in, expecting the worst, she discovers that it was all part of her surprise quince. She dances with Ramón, whom her father now respects. Marta, having grown up and changed considerably from spoiled to respectful during the journey, she embraces her newlyfound womanhood.'] ['Christopher , a Victorian era American journalist, is traveling through Japan looking for Komomo , a lost girlfriend whom he had promised to rescue from prostitution and bring to America. Landing on an island populated solely by whores and their masters, he is solicited by a syphilitic tout . She claims no knowledge of Komomo, but Christopher has to spend the night, requesting the company of a girl  lurking back in the shadows, who joins him in his room. Disfigured and disturbed, the girl claims a closer connection with the dead than the living. She tells him that Komomo was there, but hanged herself after her love never came for her. Distraught, Christopher seeks solace in sake. Falling asleep, he requests a bedtime story. The girl recounts her past &mdash; her mother, a midwife, was forced to sell her to a brothel after her father died, and eventually she wound up on the island. Komomo was the most popular girl there, making the others jealous. When the Madam\'s jade ring was stolen, Komomo was tortured to confess. After suffering hideously &mdash; underarms burned, needles driven under fingernails and into gums &mdash; she killed herself in shame and torment. Christopher refuses to believe the girl\'s story, and he pleads for the whole truth. The girl starts again, in the second telling, her family is no longer happy nor loving; her father was an alcoholic, her mother an abortionist. She was taken in by a Buddhist priest, who, presumably, molested her and inspired an obsession with hell. Her father never died of lung disease &mdash; she beat him to death for raping her. Again she tells of being sold into prostitution, but gives a new version of the dark fate of Christopher\'s beloved Komomo. Despite the kindness of Komomo, who befriended her, the disfigured girl stole the jade ring and planted Komomo\'s hairpin to frame her &mdash; and after Komomo was tortured, killed her. She explains to Christopher that she intended to save Komomo from hell: as Komomo would be doomed for having such an evil friend, only through betrayal could she sever the friendship and ensure Komomo a deservedly beautiful afterlife. Christopher, losing control, is desperately convinced something has been left out. He begs for the whole truth. The woman then reveals a horrifying secret: a tiny second head in the center of a hand hidden beneath her hair &mdash; her "Little Sis", a parasitic twin. Her mother and father had been brother and sister, "Little Sis" was the fruit of their incest. It was "Little Sis" who commanded her to kill her father, and to steal the ring. As the hand begins to talk like Komomo in a high-pitched voice, Christopher is overcome by madness and threatens to shoot her and send her to hell. She informs him that wherever he goes, he will be in hell - a flashback implies that he was responsible for his sister\'s death. He shoots the girl in the heart and then the head. Before dying, the girl\'s body turns into Komomo. The epilogue finds Christopher in a Japanese prison serving time for the murder of the girl. He is fed from a bucket containing aborted foetuses, and cradles the bucket singing a lullaby, kept company only by the ghosts of Komomo and his younger sister.'] ["On November 15, 1982, Janet Harduvel  is devastated by the news of the death of her husband Ted  who flew as a United States Air Force pilot in one of the world's most sophisticated fighter aircraft, the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.Although accurately portrayed as primarily a fighter aircraft in the 1980s, the F-16 eventually evolved into a multirole combat aircraft.Sweetman 2009, p. 15. She is stymied in finding out the truth behind his crash in Korea and takes on the US military and General Dynamics, maker of the F-16. With the help of her lawyer, Leo Morrone , and her sister Mary , Harduvel begins the long process of unraveling the lies and deception that are behind a joint military and General Dynamics cover-up that blames the accident on pilot error. Despite setbacks, she proves to be unwavering in her search for the truth to clear his name and uncover the deadly secret buried in the F-16."] ['Gina and Seth became penpals when they were in the 6th grade. It is now 13 years later, and they still have been writing to each other but have not yet met. She is a journalist while he is a toy inventor. An opportunity arises when there is a toy convention in Boston. They decide to meet, but the only problem is that they have been exchanging pictures of their better-looking friends. When they actually do meet for the first time, it is not all fireworks. Can they reveal themselves to each other before it is too late?'] ["The movie revolves around former child star, Cilla McGowan , who has found more satisfying work, restoring old houses. In search of a normal life, Cilla buys her grandmother's farmhouse in Virginia's Shenandoah Valley, to rescue it from ruin. Cilla's hope for serenity is soon eclipsed by haunting dreams of her famous grandmother, who died of a supposed overdose in the house, more than 30 years before. Cilla soon begins a romantic relationship with Ford Sawyer , her handsome neighbor, who ultimately comforts and protects her when her dark dreams and family secrets turn into a real-life nightmare."] ["As war is brewing between the Union and the Confederacy, Matthew and Rebecca are travelling west to start a new life in Oregon. Along the way, they stop at a remote trading post, where they meet up with some Cheyenne Indians. Though the Cheyenne are friendly toward the pioneers, Matthew doesn't like them and warns a group of hunters that hostile Indians are preparing for an attack. In the confrontation that results, only a pregnant Rebecca and a single wounded Cheyenne warrior named Hawk are left alive. As the winter closes in, and the two are forced to rely on each other for survival, they begin to understand and even feel affection for each otherhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0109408/plotsummary"] ['The film opens with the creation of the 1984 commercial for Apple Computer, which introduced the first Macintosh.Apple\'s 1984: The Introduction of the Macintosh in the Cultural History of Personal Computers. Duke University. Retrieved on 2011-10-07. Steve Jobs  is speaking with director Ridley Scott , trying to convey his idea that "We\'re creating a completely new consciousness." Scott, however, is more concerned at the moment with the technical aspects of the commercial. The film then flashes forward to 1997 as Jobs, who has returned to Apple, is announcing a new deal with Microsoft at the 1997 Macworld Expo. His partner, Steve Wozniak , is introduced as one of the two central narrators of the story. Wozniak notes to the audience the resemblance between "Big Brother" and the image of Bill Gates  on the screen behind Jobs during this announcement. Asking how they "got from there to here," the film turns to flashbacks of his youth with Jobs, prior to the forming of Apple. The first flashback of the film takes place on the U.C. Berkeley campus during the period of the early 1970s student movements. Jobs and Wozniak are shown caught on the campus during a riot between students and police. They flee and after finding safety, Jobs states to Wozniak, "Those guys think they\'re revolutionaries. They\'re not revolutionaries, we are." Wozniak then comments that "Steve was never like you or me. He always saw things differently. Even when I was in Berkeley, I would see something and just see kilobytes or circuit boards while he\'d see karma or the meaning of the universe." Using a similar structure, the film next turns to a young Bill Gates at Harvard University, in the early 1970s, with classmate Steve Ballmer , and Gates’ high school friend Paul Allen . As with Wozniak in the earlier segment, Ballmer narrates Gates\' story, particularly the moment when Gates discovers the existence of Ed Roberts\'  MITS Altair . Gates\' and Allen\'s early work with MITS is juxtaposed against the involvement of Jobs and Wozniak with the Homebrew Computer Club, eventually leading to the development of the Apple I in 1976 with the help of angel investor Mike Markkula . The story follows the protagonists as they develop their technology and their businesses. At a San Francisco computer fair where the Apple II computer is introduced, Gates , attempts to introduce himself to Jobs, who snubs him. This is followed by the development of the IBM-PC with the help of Gates and Microsoft in 1981. It also follows Jobs\' relationship with his high school girlfriend  and the difficulties he had acknowledging the birth and existence of their daughter, Lisa. Around the time his daughter was born, Jobs unveiled his next computer, which he named, The Lisa. The Lisa was then followed in 1984 by the Macintosh, a computer inspired by the Xerox Alto. The main body of the film finally concludes with a birthday toast in 1985 to Steve Jobs shortly before he was fired by CEO John Sculley  from Apple Computer. It also includes a brief epilogue, noting what happened afterward in the lives of Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak. The movie ends with Steve Jobs returning to Apple after its acquisition of NeXT Computer, and Bill Gates appearing live via satellite at a MacWorld Expo in 1997, during Jobs\' first Stevenote keynote address, to announce an alliance between Apple and Microsoft.'] ['Jack is a normal teenager going through puberty. His parents get divorced and his world starts to fall apart. While on a fishing trip with his father, he finds out that his father is in live-in relationship with a man. He is bullied at school because of this. His best friend is Max , whose mother is being beaten by his father. He has a crush on one of his friends, Maggie, whose father is also gay. In the end, Jack learns to accept his father and the fact that he is gay.'] ['The miniseries is an adaptation of The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red , written by Ridley Pearson under the pseudonym Joyce Reardon, Ph.D. Pearson\'s novel was based on the script of Stephen King\'s Rose Red. The plot revolves around the construction of the Rimbauer mansion, Rose Red, in Seattle, Washington, USA. The film traces a series of mysterious accidents throughout the mansion\'s early history which eventually leads it to being haunted. The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer is a prequel to the 2002 TV miniseries Stephen King\'s Rose Red. In its efforts to "explain" the supernatural events in the earlier project, it is set at the turn of the 20th century, when the stately, sinister Rose Red mansion is constructed by powerful Seattle oil magnate John Rimbauer  as a wedding present for his timid, submissive young bride, Ellen . Rimbauer owned an oil company, and used much of his wealth to build the mansion, which was in the Tudor-Gothic style and situated on {{convert}} of woodland in the heart of Seattle, Washington, in the United States. The site was a Native American burial ground . The house appeared cursed even as it was being constructed: Three construction workers were killed on the site, and a construction foreman was murdered by a co-worker. Shortly after her marriage to Rimbauer, Ellen began keeping a remarkable diary. This diary became the secret place where Ellen could confess her anxieties about her new marriage, express her confusion over her emerging sexuality and contemplate the nightmare that her life was becoming. The diary not only follows the development of a girl into womanhood, it follows the construction of the Rimbauer mansion—called Rose Red—an enormous home that would be the site of so many horrific and inexplicable tragedies in the years ahead. At first impressed by her husband\'s extravagance, Ellen eventually comes to hate and fear John, especially when learning a few unsavory facts about his past. Meanwhile, the mansion seems to be festooned with ghosts, possibly those of the many people close to John who have mysteriously vanished. The eerie moanings and manifestations are interpreted as a warning to Ellen that she, too, may some day disappear without a trace. As revealed in the miniseries, Ellen Rimbauer and her maid and closest friend Sukeena continue to live in the house. Ellen believed that if she continued to build the house, she would never die. Rimbauer used nearly all of her dead husband\'s fortune to continually add to the home over the next several decades, enlarging it significantly . Mysterious disappearances continued: Deanna Petrie, an actress friend of Ellen Rimbauer\'s, and Sukeena both disappeared over the next few years. Ellen Rimbauer herself disappeared in 1950, though through supernatural means, the house continued to grow, with new rooms, hallways, and staircases appearing overnight.'] ["Four men, members of a Welsh rugby union club, fly to Paris as part of a weekend outing to see Wales play France in the Five Nations Championship match that will decide the Grand Slam title. One of the party is Caradog Lloyd-Evans , who briefly served in occupied Paris near the end of World War II. Caradog pays for his son Glyn's air ticket on the proviso that Glyn comes on a 'pilgrimage' to find his 'little butterfly' who he spent a short romantic period with during the war. This pilgrimage is successful and although the right place is found, it is no longer the innocent bistro of his youth but one of many strip club joints. Mr Lloyd-Evans mistakes a young girl in the club  for the real thing and finds that the girl is actually Odette , the daughter of his old flame. He is  disappointed but Glyn  gets himself acquainted with Odette while Caradog reminisces with his 'butterfly' . A quick call to the hotel brings the entire tour party to the club where fun and frolicking takes place led by Mog . Some locals take exception and a mass brawl starts which ends with the arrival of the police. The whole party is arrested except Caradog  and Glyn . Sion Probert plays camp boutique owner Maldwyn Pugh, who is the only one of the main four characters who makes the start of the match, because Mog is still in jail as he was considered the ringleader , Caradog is with his 'butterfly' and Glyn is trying for his own sexual 'Grand Slam' with Odette. Mog is eventually released halfway through the first half of the match, but when he finally arrives at the stadium, there's only seconds of the game left, which Wales lose. Caradog is found collapsed near the table, and Madame thinks he has died, but Odette fires a soda siphon on his face, and the story ends with Caradog warning his son of the dangers of overseas travel."] ["Two brothers, Mac  and Dal  Traven, who fought on opposite sides in the Civil War, make their way back to Texas when the war ends. They learn that a band of confederate rebels has kidnapped their two sisters and a brother, as well as Dal's sweetheart . Thus, the chase is on."] ['{{plot}} Flynn Carsen , a year after his first mission as the Librarian, has been on many more death-defying missions to protect the world from evildoers, including a trip to Utah to recover a mystical crystal skull. Upon his return to the Library, the audience is introduced to more mythic artifacts stored there: The Head of Medusa, the Trident of Poseidon, the Shroud of Turin, and the Pipes of Pan. He has moved out of his mother\'s house into his own apartment, but still feels held back by Judson, his supervisor, who tells him that "sometimes you have to give up what you want for the greater good" in order to go from being a "good librarian" to a "great librarian". Meanwhile, at Flynn\'s birthday party, his late father\'s friend, "Uncle" Jerry , tells Flynn about how Flynn\'s dad courted his mother. Flynn remembers the "silly bedtime stories" and the amulet his father had, which his mother says came from a secondhand shop. When Flynn goes home, he discovers that someone has trashed his apartment; he is ambushed and robbed of a scroll he received in the mail that day. It transpires that the scroll is a map containing clues to the location of King Solomon\'s Mines. Flynn, in typical high-adventure fashion, cannot allow the thief to find the rest of the clues and thus, the mines themselves. Judson  tells him that possession of the Book of Solomon, hidden in the mines, will give the reader of it control over time and space, so that the secret must be kept hidden. Flynn is en route to Morocco, to find part of the key to the scroll among some Roman ruins, where he meets Emily Davenport , an archaeologist who, as it turns out, holds 3 more degrees than Flynn and can argue convincingly about ancient history, Biblical texts, and geography. Flynn and Emily are attacked after finding the piece to the map legend and discovering a hidden meaning to the amulet, which links him to the brotherhood of the Masons, one of whose members helps them escape and tells them where to find the remaining part of the map legend. Emily, recognizing the code on Flynn\'s piece as being in the Akon language, insists on coming with Flynn to Gede Province in Kenya. The men who attacked Flynn, led by a General Samir, turn out to be on the trail of the mines as well. They torture the man who helped Flynn escape until he tells them where Flynn was headed. After a ride on a honeymoon tour bus -- where Flynn runs into Debra , a former blind date, with her husband Carl , who reports their meeting back to Flynn\'s mother, with disastrous results -- and several days\' hiking across the Serengeti, Flynn and Emily literally stumble across a man buried up to his neck in sand as punishment for stealing a neighboring tribe\'s crops. The two adventurers dig him out; he insists on being their guide in return. Flynn shows Emily the drawings he made as a child to accompany his father\'s "silly bedtime stories", his mother having slipped them into his bag. They show scenes of laughing rocks, upside-down valleys, and other fanciful places. Emily, in turn, confides to Flynn her obsession since childhood with the mysterious Queen of Sheba, wife of Solomon. After several more days of hiking, they finally reach a village. There, as their guide Jomo  tells them, a fortune teller can help them. Unknown to them, the fortune teller\'s shop has been appropriated by the men chasing them. Just as Flynn finds the other piece of the map legend there, Emily sees the enemy coming and they flee. To their amazement, they run into Flynn\'s Uncle Jerry, who is in Kenya to pick up some stock for his import-export business, and he hustles them aboard a train on which he has reserved some space. Jerry feeds the pair, gives Emily a skimpy Maasai dress, and quizzes Flynn about his "secret life", while Flynn in turn shows Jerry the amulet his father left him. After dinner, Flynn checks Emily\'s cabin to find her tipsily analyzing the Akon code. It turns out to have a connection with the Biblical Song of Solomon, which leads to a romantic interlude. This is unfortunately ruined when the two argue over the translation of the love poetry. Next morning, Flynn and Emily, having solved the code, travel to Three Witches Mountain near Mombasa, and find that the terrain reminds Flynn of his juvenile drawings. Eventually he realizes that his own father must have known about the mines\' location and told Flynn stories to plant clues in his memory, giving him the amulet in case he ever needed to guard the secret and enlist the help of other Masons. With the antagonists in pursuit, the two manage to penetrate the caves where Solomon\'s treasure is hidden. Gold, jewels, and other treasures litter the caverns; a huge head of Queen Sheba, carved out of the stone wall, looms over all. Flynn spots a book resting on a pedestal, opens it, and realizes that this is the book of which Judson told him. As he glances through it, the text seems to be attracted to his hand, beginning to glow in a sinister fashion. Their pursuers come upon them and drag in a disheveled Uncle Jerry, who begs them to give General Samir the book in exchange for his own life. Flynn complies, only to find that the General and his thugs work for Uncle Jerry, who wants to turn back time so he can fulfill what he thinks was his destiny; to win Margie Carsen , who he feels was stolen from him by Flynn\'s dad. It turns out Jerry is the unknown figure who shot Flynn\'s father, after Carsen refused to tell Jerry about the mines. As Jerry enters a cave filled with hundreds of mummified bodies and a bubbling lava pit, he begins to read aloud the incantation that will give him power over space and time, stirring up ghosts as he does so. Flynn and Emily are flung into a pit, which fills with water and features a slowly descending, spike-laden ceiling. After Flynn experiences a vision of Judson on a white beach, he finds that he and Emily are being rescued by the faithful Jomo, who has followed them to fulfill his life debt. Flynn confronts Jerry over the book, wrestling it from him with the incantation unfinished. As Flynn is about to throw the book into the lava pit, he begins to see visions of his father in the pit. Jerry seizes the chance to try to convince Flynn that they can change time together. Flynn begins to finish the incantation. Emily and Jomo burst into the cave to find Flynn uttering the incantation and an army of ghosts circling the cave. Emily uses a reflective spear to shine light on Flynn\'s amulet, which catches his attention and reminds him of his father\'s trust. When Flynn throws the book into the lava pit, Jerry jumps after it and falls into the lava as Flynn, Emily, and Jomo flee. As the cave crumbles, the evildoers are crushed by falling rock. In a brief epilogue, Flynn assumes Emily will be coming back to New York with him, but she decides to pursue her search for the Queen of Sheba in Tunisia, leaving Flynn with only fond memories. In a scene reminiscent of Casablanca, Flynn, in a trench coat and fedora, wanders toward his plane, musing, "Of all the gin joints in all the world, she had to walk into mine." Flynn returns to the library and tells Judson that he threw the book into the lava which he believes was "not very librarian" of him. Judson reminds him that by giving up the chance of seeing his father by destroying the book, he sacrificed what he wanted "for the greater good", and was now a "great librarian". When Flynn asks Judson why he did not tell him about his father\'s connection with this journey, Judson explains that it was a lesson Flynn had to learn on his own, and Judson is sure that wherever Flynn\'s father is, he is proud of his son. The film ends with a humorous discussion about Flynn\'s vision of Judson on a beach back at the mines.'] ["Seventeen-year-old Catherine Morland, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Morland , is a tomboy with a wild imagination and a passion for Gothic novels. Family friends Mr. and Mrs. Allen , invite Catherine to spend the season in Bath and she readily accepts. At her first ball, Catherine meets and dances with Henry Tilney . The following day, Catherine makes the acquaintance of the Thorpe family. She becomes good friends with Isabella Thorpe  and she meets Isabella's brother, John ([[William Beck , when she is reunited with her own brother, James . John flirts with Catherine at a ball, but she is more interested in meeting with Henry and his sister, Eleanor ([[Catherine Walker . Catherine is pressured by Isabella and John into riding to Blaise Castle, despite her having made plans for a walk with Henry and Eleanor. John assures her that he saw Henry driving a phaeton to Wick Rocks, but while Catherine is in John's carriage, she sees the Tilneys walking along the street. Catherine asks John to stop, knowing he lied to her, but he refuses. Catherine runs into the Tilney family at the opera and makes her apologies, before planning another walk. John tells Henry's father, General Tilney ([[Liam Cunningham , that Catherine is the Allens' heir, and the General invites her to spend the day with the family. Catherine is delighted when she learns Henry and Eleanor love books as much as she does. On her return home, Isabella tells Catherine that she and James are engaged. James and John announce that they are to leave Bath for a few weeks and after talking about marriage with Catherine, John leaves believing she is in love with him. Isabella catches the eye of Henry's older brother, Captain Frederick Tilney , and flirts with him after she learns how low James' income will be. General Tilney invites Catherine to stay with his family at Northanger Abbey and she accepts. When Isabella tells Catherine that John is going to propose to her, Catherine tells her friend to write to him and explains that he is mistaken. Isabella continues to flirt with Frederick and Catherine asks Henry to convince his brother to leave her alone. However, he tells Catherine that Frederick will be leaving town soon to re-join his regiment. Catherine states that Northanger Abbey looks exactly as she imagined it and she becomes intrigued by Mrs. Tilney's death. Due to her overactive imagination, Catherine starts to believe that General Tilney murdered his wife. Henry catches her in his mother's chamber and becomes offended when he realises what she has been thinking. Catherine apologises and Henry tells her that perhaps it is possible to read too many novels. Catherine receives a letter from James, in which he reveals that his engagement to Isabella has been called off, because she allowed Frederick to seduce her. Eleanor explains to Catherine that her brother has no intention of marrying Isabella. Catherine gets a letter from Isabella, asking her to apologise to James for her, but Catherine states that she will do no such thing. General Tilney returns home from a trip away and orders Eleanor to send Catherine home to Fullerton that night. Catherine endures the trip alone and believes that Henry told the General about her suspicions. A few days later, Henry comes to Fullerton and explains that the General discovered that Catherine's family were not as rich as John led him to believe. He apologises for his father's actions and explains that even though he will probably be disinherited, he loves Catherine and proposes. Catherine accepts and they couple marry."] ["A woman  who underwent an eye transplant is haunted by visions of her donor's last moments of life, and she is convinced that the woman was murdered.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0416267/"] ["It's 1987 in Bayonne, New Jersey and Debby Miller has just been diagnosed with a condition called hysterical blindness in which there are moments when her sight fades in and out. The doctor tells her to try to have fun with her friends. She and her best friend Beth go to their favorite pub, Ollie's, and try to find a man and have a drink. Beth flirts with the bartender and Debby gets angry with her and decides to go outside. There she meets Rick. He wants little to do with her but she convinces him to walk her to her car. As a 'thank you' she offers to buy him a drink and tells him that she will be at the same bar again tomorrow. The next day they run into each other at the same bar and she asks him to go somewhere else and they end up at his house. It is clear that Rick has little interest in Debby, so to move things along she tells him that she 'gives a great blow job.' Afterwards, she thinks she has found love, but Rick was only looking for a one night stand. Debby goes home, where her mother Virginia has also started dating an older man named Nick who wants her to move with him to Florida. Nick passes away suddenly from a heart attack, and Virginia realizes that until she met Nick, she had been living her life waiting for things to happen to her. In the end, Debby, Beth and Virginia struggle to find stability in their New Jersey town and agree that all they need is each other."] ['{{plot}} A small U.S. special-forces squad travels to Cambodia to follow up on the case of a small medical outpost that has ceased communications, and why the first group sent to the outpost didn\'t report back. The squad soon finds itself confronted by flesh-eating Zombies seemingly created by a strange species of Scorpion. The squad clears away the Zombies, but is then attacked by an infected researcher who attempts to commit suicide with a grenade. Second-in-command Lieutenant Bobby Quinn , initially survives and radios for a medivac airlift, but soon falls unconscious. Later, Quinn wakes up on an exam table at Ft. Preston Army Base, to find he\'s being prepped for postmortem. The Coroner, Dr, Flutie , explains that he arrived in a body-bag the previous evening and had been pronounced DOA, and that he has no vital signs and is thus clinically dead. Quinn begins to get dressed and asks after the fate of his squad, which Flutie reveals are all dead. Quinn is suddenly stricken by agonizing pain in his right arm, and grabs a scalpel to slice it open. Gushing greenish blood, the wound reveals one of the strange scorpions, which he promptly crushes. The incision rapidly heals without a trace of scarring. Quinn and Flutie soon relate their findings to Dr. Boyce, who is determined to keep Quinn quarantined. Quinn, however, is driven to find out what happened to himself and his squad, and resists her directives. She tries to have him sedated, but the sedative has no effect, and in the course of the attempt, Quinn reveals superhuman strength to go with his rapid-healing and altered metabolism, and she finally reveals that one of the other members of his squad, Sgt. Cruz, is also in the morgue scheduled for cremation, and the other bodies were being taken elsewhere. Quinn demands to see him, and she takes him to Dr. Langdon  to find his whereabouts when he turns up missing. With Quinn\'s heightened senses, the trio tracks Cruz to the base\'s kitchen, where he is attacking the cook, Judson . In the process, both Boyce and Langdon are infected, and Quinn and Judson have to destroy them. Right after, Quinn is stricken by intense pangs of hunger that can only be dulled by ingesting raw, red meat. The two of them are then taken into custody by Major Bascom , who refuses to believe Quinn\'s story . Quinn and Judson promptly escape, determined to track down the remaining squad-members before they can wreak havoc. They manage to find the truck used to transport the bodies, arrive too late, finding it wrecked and covered in blood. While following the trail, they stop at a small road-side bar, where they meet Holly, a smart U.C San Bernardino film-student who works as a bartender part-time as she studies for her degree. Unfortunately for Quinn and Judson, the local news has already aired a report about the "killings" at Fort Preston, and the Bar-patrons lock them inside the cooler. When a group of infected soldiers attacks the bar, Holly retreats to the cooler, and the trio manages to eliminate the zombified soldiers and patrons before they can get out. Having been called by the patrons, the police arrive to arrest Quinn and Judson. Quinn manages to break free of his handcuffs, and Holly nabs the police cruiser and the trio escapes yet again. On the trail of the final body, Bill Sanderson, the trio change their clothes and general appearance in order to better disguise themselves , and head to L.A to intercept Sanderson if they can. However, a visit to Sanderson\'s home turns up nothing, and Quinn is stricken by another wave of hunger and has to raid the fridge to ease it. As he eats, a woman walks in and they mistake her for one of the family members. She reveals that she\'s Mrs. Wisteria from next door, and that she has been watching the house for the Sandersons who are on vacation, and that the wake isn\'t until the following day. They try to satisfy her by saying they need the info for a "secret government mission" but she insists upon helping, threatening to call the cops otherwise. The trio grudgingly agrees, and Mrs. Wisteria drives them to the Everview Funeral home where Sanderson was taken, and flirts openly with Judson to his dismay. When they arrive, the Director  tells them that Sanderson\'s body had already been claimed the previous evening. Frustrated, the group makes to leave, but they are intercepted when a van pulls up and the occupants stop them at gunpoint. Their captors are soon revealed to be mercenaries under the hire of a Dr. Scott , and his partner Dr. Adams . who have Sanderson chained up in their hidden lab. Scott states that the Cambodians call the scorpion-like creature a "Jindu", and that its sting revives dead tissue. It had been a legend until some relief workers stumbled upon the species some years back. It was Scott who sent the mercenaries that killed the workers at the relief-station, and who had themselves ended up dead. He goes on to say that the sting of the creature represents everlasting life if properly utilized, and that it would be of great benefit to the people of the world "for the right price". When Quinn counters that the infection must be stopped before it can spread, Scott angrily confesses that he\'s dying of cancer and thus seeks the secret for his own benefit first. He demands a sample of Quinn\'s blood, and when Quinn refuses, he brings in Mrs. Wisteria and threatens to feed her to Sanderson. Quinn relents, but Scott gives Wisteria to Sanderson anyway, and they watch as she is bitten, dies, and transforms into one of the infected Zombies, and Scott confirms that the second-generation zombies are always mindless killers: only those stung by the Jindu have the potential to retain their personalities, so long as the creature doesn\'t travel straight to their heart. The female merc destroys Wisteria with a shot to the head. Despite being weakened by hunger, a furious Quinn destroys Sanderson as well, before being knocked out cold. When Sanderson awakens, Scott and Adams are preparing to leave for Fort Preston. They take him back to the holding cell, and chain him to Holly while taking Judson with them as a hostage and as a guide. Holly manages to evade the ravenous Quinn until he leaps at her and misses, shattering the two-way mirror that leads into Adam\'s lab. Inside, he stumbles over the mini-fridge where they kept the raw meat for Sanderson, and he quickly devours it, and comes back to his senses. Scott and his group reach Fort Preston, which is now overrun with zombies, thanks to the body of one of the mercs that had been brought back from Cambodia. Scott is on the hunt for that particular zombie, since he will be the only one with the Jindu inside. The group proceeds within, destroying attacking zombies as they go, but don\'t realize that Quinn and Holly are hot on their trail. Scott has Judson open the security door where one of the officers had managed to trap most of the infected, and then Scott takes Judson\'s keycard and leaves him trapped outside the security doors, where a horde of zombies descend upon him. Inside, the group eventually finds the morgue containing the original zombie, and shut themselves inside with a mass of undead hammering away from outside. Dr. Scott manages to restrain the zombie, and cuts into his chest cavity. Quinn and Holly reach the security doors, which Quinn breaks down with a flying kick. As Scott extracts the Jindu, the zombies begin to break inside, wounding the female merc who accidentally shoots Dr. Adams, before being shot by her partner. The Zombies stream in, attacking the remaining merc. Scott drops the Jindu as Quinn and Holly burst inside. Quinn crushes the Jindu and begins to destroy the Zombies within, while Dr. Scott is attacked and literally "disarmed" by a pair of zombie soldiers before Quinn and Holly can shoot them down. Quinn approaches the bleeding Dr. Adams and asks after Judson, and she claims he was killed. As the pair leave the room, Holly shoots Adams before she can turn into one of the infected. Leaving, they then find Judson\'s crucifix necklace and fear he has been killed, but spy a trash chute and open it to reveal Judson cowering inside. Happy to see him alive, they help him out, and make plans to finish off the infected for good. Quinn takes some C4 from the base\'s armory, and wires it up to explode beneath the ammo-dump so it\'ll take out the entire base. As he moves to find a vehicle for the group to escape with, he has Judson and Holly bait the zombies as close to the ammo-dump as possible. Quinn struggles to find a vehicle that isn\'t damaged, as Judson and Holly narrowly escape a group of hungry undead they have drawn towards the ammo-dump, and activate the 2-minute timer. Barely escaping, the base goes up in flames, and afterward, the trio scour the wreckage to make sure all the zombies are truly out of commission. With the undead finished, Quinn, Holly, and Judson walk away to plan their futures, with Holly saying "this could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship."'] ["Starting in 1951, Faye Price is a famous Hollywood actress who, while entertaining the troops during the Korean War, falls in love with Ward Thayer, a rich heir. Seven years later, they are married, with four children. Ward loses his job and considers suicide, but Faye offers to start acting again. Originally, this upsets Ward, because he wasn't fond of moving to Fairfax, California. On the set of her new movie, the director and producer fight each other and the director eventually leaves the set. Faye offers to direct the scene herself. At first, nobody thinks she will be able to, but she turns out to direct the scene with a lot of success. She is soon offered directing jobs at television series, including Zane Grey Theater. Meanwhile, her home life is less fortunate. Ward has been depressed since going bankrupt and he has started an affair. When Faye finds out, she immediately kicks him out of the house. However, she soon agrees to give him another chance and they decide to work together on films as director and producer. Their film debut becomes a blockbuster success with positive reviews and she is contracted by Universal. Years later, their children have grown up. Lionel is a student, hoping to be a photographer one day, Greg is still in school and wants to become a football player, Valerie is an actress waiting for her big break and Anne is the quiet youngest sister. Greg admits his grades aren't good enough and that he dropped out of school to join the army. Lionel shocks his parents by admitting he is homosexual. Faye is surprised, but accepts the news. Ward, however, is outraged and cuts him out of his life, with forbidding his other children to ever contact him again. Anne is furious and decides to run away. Faye is devastated, but can't afford to quit her job and look for her. Soon, Greg announces he will serve for the army in Vietnam. The entire family comes together to say goodbye, but Ward refuses to speak to Lionel. Later, Faye receives a phone call from the police, informing her that Anne has been arrested for drug possession. Faye picks her up and is shocked to find out she is pregnant. Ward convinces her to try to make her give up her child. Anne is in tears after giving birth, but reluctantly agrees to give up the baby for adoption. Tragedy reaches the Thayer family when it is announces that Greg died in Da Nang, only a few days before peace was declared. At the funeral, Ward finally acknowledges his now only son Lionel, but still has trouble accepting that he is gay. Meanwhile, Faye is nominated for an Oscar. Valerie is jealous of her mother's success and they get into a fight when she announces she dropped out of UCLA for the lead role in a cheap horror film, for which she is required to go nude. The Oscar nomination takes all of Faye's time. This makes Anne feel very neglected and she starts to hang out at her friend's place a lot. During this time, she bonds with the father of this family, Bill O'Hara. Faye finally decides to forgive Ward and they reunite. Soon, the Thayer family deal with a second tragedy, when Lionel and his boyfriend John get into a car accident. Lionel survives, but John dies. He has trouble dealing with his loss and spends all his time working as a photographer. Later, Anne upsets her parents by admitting she is dating the much older Bill. Ward is furious and confronts Bill with the fact he is seeing a 17-year-old girl. However, Anne and Bill are still determined to marry and it doesn't take long before she gets pregnant again. Meanwhile, Valerie finally gets her big break, when she is given the second lead role in her mother's newest film project. The lead player, George Waterson, at first treats her badly, because he thinks she is a horrible actress. However, she eventually wins his heart and they start a secret relationship. Lionel finds love as well, with Paul Steel, a drug addicted actor who was recently fired. In the end, the movie directed by Faye and starring Valerie becomes a great success and Val enjoys her overnight stardom. Later, Anne gives birth to a son. The labor and baby reminds me of her first pregnancy and she blames her mother for having given up her first baby. Ten years later, Val makes Anne realize that Faye was actually a great mother, but didn't have a lot of time. Anne tries to apologize, but she is too afraid. Suddenly, Faye dies. Anne feels guilty for not having apologized, but Ward assures her that Faye knew how much she loved her."] ["In Dorff's adaptation of the facts, Laren Sims is a single mother living in Destin, North Carolina with her parents and young daughter Haylei. Unable to afford Christmas presents, she pays with a stolen credit card, eventually is caught, and is sentenced to 90 days in a maximum security prison. Rather than return to prison when she is found stealing a second time, she goes on the lam with her daughter in a car she steals when she leaves a stolen credit card as security with the dealer while allegedly taking it for a test drive. They work their way across the country, supporting themselves by passing bad checks and using stolen credit cards while frequently stealing license plates in order to escape detection. Laren adopts the identity of a waitress she meets in rural Texas by stealing her driver's license. She and Haylei ultimately arrive in Las Vegas, where Laren applies for a job with Lucas McKenzie, a wealthy alcoholic attorney and ranch owner under the name of Allison. The two fall into a toxic co-dependent relationship and eventually marry. Laren embezzles $90,000 from her husband's business account and he subsequently is disbarred for reasons not made clear. In an uncharacteristic moment of honesty, Laren reveals to him that she is actually from Destin, North Carolina and has had problems in her past. Lucas uses this information to find out Laren's actual name and her sordid past. From this point on, Lucas threatens to turn her in to the authorities. In a state of fear Laren sends Haylei away to school and hires college student Kristin to help her with the horses on the ranch. The two become very close , to the dismay of both Lucas and Haylei. As their relationship disintegrates and the possibility of discovery grows, Laren decides to poison her spouse with Kristin's assistance. She buries his body under a bridge spanning a shallow creek, and it eventually is found. Laren escapes with Haylei and leaves Kristin to shoulder the blame. Returning to Destin, she encourages her daughter to contact her grandparents and return to them, then surrenders to the police and eventually commits suicide, by hanging herself in her cell."] ['After being released from an Italian prison, British officer Eric Newby must find his way out of Italy before the Germans come. However, he is injured on the way and is left behind from his fellow soldiers. He is helped out by the local Italians, and he meets Wanda, a beautiful local girl who helps him learn Italian so he can escape. Slowly, their small friendship turns into a romance, but with the Germans looking for Eric, they are kept apart, not knowing what will happen.'] ['Donald  and Maureen  are a married couple who get horrible news: their son was involved in a car accident and has died. Liddy , his wife, has never met Donald and Maureen. Despite that, they take her in, because she is all alone. They soon discover she is not an angel to live with.'] ['Rob Hanisey  is an unsuccessful writer who has long overdue bills and rent, and, as flashbacks suggest, has been dumped by his girlfriend Anna . He - after the suicide of the previous tenant, Terry - is accepted to the Highberger House which, according to its supervisor Nancy Bloom , was bought by a rich philanthropist in the 1930s, to provide rent-free accommodation for unpublished writers, but strictly only until their first book gets published. In the House, Rob experiences strange and gradually more close encounters with a beautiful girl, Valerie , who asks for his help. At the beginning Rob assumes she\'s a ghost. The other tenants - especially Patricia Dunbar  - are annoyed with him and the noise he makes when chasing Valerie the ghost. Only Bruce Sweetland  remains friendly, seemingly not making a big deal out of this strange acclimatization. Valerie keeps visiting Rob, asking for his help to save her from the Beast , but is violently captured and taken seemingly inside a wall by a dark, supernatural being before she can explain who she is and what is going on. This results in more and more intense episodes of him ending up yelling at the wall, which makes the other tenants more and more angry, except for Bruce and the old Everett Neely . Everett follows these outbursts with amusement and resignation, while Bruce tells Rob he should not care about what the others say. One of Rob\'s outburst becomes so loud that Nancy warns him: next time, he is going to be out of the Highberger House. Afterwards Bruce invites him to his room to grab a couple of beers. They talk about the existence of Valerie, which Bruce finds funny. While Bruce looks for beer in the fridge, Rob discovers on the table a manuscript titled "Valerie on the Stairs" written by Bruce, Patricia and Everett. This discovery infuriates Bruce, and he attacks Rob in the room. Not much later Valerie appears in Bruce\'s room, who is stunned by the fact that she is alive, and assumes that she is there to express her love towards him. Valerie tells an unseen being to "take him and be done with it", however and the Beast appears from the shadows and rips Bruce\'s spine out through his mouth. Rob visits Everett in his room, who advises him to leave and forget about writing. Rob discovers an old movie poster  depicting the Beast. The movie was adapted from the novel of Neil Everest which turns out to be Everett\'s real name. Rob confronts him, but he denies the existence of the Beast and Valerie, claiming it is only Rob\'s imagination. After discovering Bruce\'s body, Rob is sure that Valerie and the Beast are the creation of Bruce, Patricia and Everett, and they came alive. The two remaining members of the writing trio deny this again, and Patricia storms off to pack up and leave the House. Patricia packs in a hurry, and apparently very nervously, when Valerie appears to ask for a last kiss. It turns out that Patricia created Valerie as a love-ideal for her. After a couple of kisses, when Patricia thinks they can live on happily together with Valerie, Valerie asks her why she let her be punished over and over. The Beast grabs her from behind, rips her chest open and the two leave her to bleed to death. The noise attracts Rob and Everett, who break into her room to find her dying in front of them. After a heated argument Everett confesses that they wrote the whole story together, and they just couldn\'t stop continuing with the tortures and the horror . Rob breaks a hole in the wall and asks Everett what is behind there. Everett admits it is The Beast\'s torture chamber and they fed a lot of unfortunate girls to him, although they did not know that The Beast indeed grabbed those girls. After his amazement over how the fiction became reality, he starts to suspect - which rapidly grows into a conviction - that Rob must be indeed Bruce\'s creation on his last pages which he has not yet read. Rob does not believe this and they enter the chamber. On the way down the stairs, the bodies and skeletons of the girls lured into the chamber are hanging from the walls. One of them is Anna, Rob\'s ex-girlfriend, who bites off a piece of Everett\'s neck causing him to die. At the bottom of the chamber, Rob finds the Beast and after some words they fight for Valerie. Rob pushes him into the fire and the Beast dies. Valerie and Rob start to run upstairs, although Valerie does not want to go, claiming they cannot do so. The stairs lead to the building\'s roof access, where Rob forces Valerie out into the open against her will, and when she gets to the roof she vaporizes. The police arrive in the alley and they order Rob to surrender. Rob watches in horror as his skin turns white with a lot of typewritten words on it. A sentence in the middle of his palm says "Rob has failed." He watches himself in disbelief as his body transforms in to typewritten pages which are blown away by the wind. The last one flies into the camera and says: "And so it came to pass that Rob Hanisey never became a published author."'] ["The film starts in 1985. Cecil Jacobson is a successful doctor, running his own reproductive genetic center. He is earning respect of all doctors and is even nicknamed 'The Babymaker'. Nobody knows that he secretly uses his own sperm to impregnate his patients. One of his patients is Mary Bennett, a woman desperate to have a baby. She is unable to become a mother, however, because her husband Greg underwent a vasectomy. She is directed there by her friend Nita, who also had an artificial insemination. Greg isn't enthusiastic about the idea, but Mary convinces him to talk to Dr. Jacobson, explaining it might be their only chance. Greg has trouble accepting the insemination requires an anonymous donor and admits he isn't ready to be a father. Mary's mother instincts make her decide to still have the insemination and yet again, Dr. Jacobson uses his own sperm samples. Meanwhile, Mary's friend Sue thinks she is thirteen weeks pregnant, when she suddenly bleeds. She contacts Dr. Jacobson, but he assures her there is nothing wrong and he even shows her the shape of the baby on the ultrasound. Sue, still doubting that there is something wrong, contacts a second doctor, who reveals that she is not pregnant and that the so-called shape of the baby is actually fecal matter. She finds out that there are cases of several people who have gotten a false-positive pregnancy test at Dr. Jacobson's facility. She wants to confront him, but her husband pressures her to pretend as if nothing has happened. to see how far Dr. Jacobson will go with the lies. She does inform Mary, however, but she is reluctant to believe her, because she had just gotten a pregnancy confirmed. Sue and Bill later confront Dr. Jacobson, and he blames the false claim on the equipment. However, he does insist that there is fetal matter in her body, which means that she was indeed pregnant. Sue warns Mary about the doctor, but she refuses to believe her and they are soon estranged. It turns out that Mary was pregnant and she eventually gives birth to a boy. Five years later, Dr. Jacobson is charged with making people believe that they are pregnant. Mary thinks that they are false charges and blames it on Sue and Bill. A court trial ensues and soon rumours are spread that he used his own sperm for inseminations. Mary is determined to find out if he is the donor and soon starts to notice similarities between her son and the doctor. Greg advises her to leave it behind her, explaining he doesn't want their son Jesse to get involved with the trial. The hatred Mary feels for Dr. Jacobson starts to grow, but Greg forbids her to testify against him. She doesn't listen to him, however, and with the help of Sue, she goes to court in disguise. After giving an emotional testimony, Dr. Jacobson admits to the charges, but insists he did it for health reasons. He is eventually found guilty in all charges. In the end, Mary and Greg make up and Sue announces that she is pregnant. In the aftertitles, it is announced that Dr. Jacobson was sentenced to jail for five years after being found guilty on 46 counts of fraud and 6 of perjury and was recently freed on bail pending appeal and that Sue gave birth to a healthy boy."] ["The film opens as soldiers invade the city of Iolcus. King Aeson's  brother Pelias  is leading the charge. Inside the temple he goes to embrace his brother but produces a dagger and kills him during the embrace. This is witnessed by his wife Polymele  and his son Jason . He intends to do the same to Jason but one of the guards rescues him and takes him out of the palace through a secret tunnel. It is then revealed that this is a memory, experienced as a nightmare by an older Jason, who awakes. He is then ordered by his uncle to retrieve the golden fleece. He recruits a crew from the simple folk of Iolcus, including shepherds and farmers. He is joined by Hercules, Orpheus, Atalanta and the brothers Castor and Pollux. Acastus stows away on the ship. The Argonauts run aground on a strange island in the middle of the ocean that is actually the sea god Poseidon. In the ensuing storm, they lose the map. The crew make their way to the Isle of Lemnos, an island of warrior women, to recover from the experience and repair the ship. The men pleasure themselves with the women while their ship is repaired  and Jason sleeps with the queen Hypsipyle. Atalanta discovers that the women have killed all the men on the island and are planning to sacrifice the crew. She warns Jason, and the Argonauts flee the island. The crew become rebellious and Jason has Zetes, a young man with brilliant vision, see the stars and find their route to Tabletop Island, where they find Phineus. They are attacked by the Harpies on the island and kill them. In return, Phineus tells them the Golden Fleece is in Colchis. Meanwhile, on Colchis, the princess Medea has visions of the crew and her brother Aspyrtes goes out to find them. Jason finds the ship wrecked and rescues Aspyrtes. They approach the clashing rocks and send a dove through before sailing through themselves. The ship docks at Colchis and Jason goes ashore with Aspyrtes, Castor and Pollux. Hera asks Eros to shoot Medea so she falls in love with Jason. King Aertes wants Jason killed but Medea convinces him to face the Minoan Bull. Medea gives Jason magic oil that protects Jason from the bull's fire-breath. Jason yokes the bull and ploughs a field and sows it with dragon's teeth. Warriors spring up from the earth and attack each other. Medea tells Jason she must go with the Fleece. Aspyrtes overhears this and sends soldiers out after them. The other Argonauts debate whether to leave or not. Hercules, Orpheus and Argos sail the ship around the island to make it seem as if they have left while the others hide in the water and then join Jason and Medea. When the soldiers attack, Medea kills her brother and leads them to the Fleece which is guarded by a dragon. Some Argonauts are killed before Jason sets a noose around the dragon's neck and makes it fall off a precipice. They take the Fleece and sail away from Colchis. Acastus has been wounded and Medea uses magic to heal him. Atalanta confesses she loves Jason but he says he will marry Medea. She has a vision of her father's death and the two kiss. Zeus attempts to seduce Medea but she says she loves Jason, even when he pulls out Eros's arrow. The ship arrives back in Iolcus and Jason learns his mother killed herself, believing him and Acastus to be dead. They rest in the bay and Acastus steals the Fleece and goes into town. Pelias kills him and takes the Fleece. Medea then goes and says he will marry her. Jason and the others sneak into the palace through the secret tunnel. Argos is killed by one of the guards. Pelias tries to kill Jason but is stabbed by his own knife. {{original research}} To cremate the dead Argos, his corpse is burned with the Argo. Then Jason marries Medea and they live happily ever after as King and Queen of Iolcus."] ['A couple, Carter and Meghan, decide that they should hire a live-in sitter so that they can both work and support their two children, Max and Casey. Abby Reed answers their advertisement and they move her in immediately. After some initial rough spots with the kids, the family warms to Abby.Review at Dreadcentral'] ['In the late 19th century, a team of Smithsonian researchers have stumbled across a lost walled Aztec city guarded by some evil spirits, including a "great flying serpent of death." As days turn to weeks, Susan Jordan, the daughter of the professor leading the expedition, assembles a team to rescue her father and his colleagues from the clutches of the ancient Aztec warriors and their horrible serpent god.'] ["The story concerns two siblings, Sohail and Nasima Wahid, who have been brought up in Bradford, West Yorkshire, a city with a large British Pakistani population. Both are now students, Sohail studying law in London and Nasima studying medicine in Leeds. With new government anti-terrorism legislation being used against Muslims in the UK in the wake of the September 11 attacks in New York, Sohail and Nasima are drawn in radically different directions. Without telling any of his family or friends, Sohail becomes a member of MI5, while continuing his studies, in the belief that he hopes to help to stop terrorists before the situation deteriorates further. In doing so, he learns that a number of his neighbours and childhood friends are politically militant. Nasima is trying to integrate into British society, attending medical school and even dates an African blooded man. When her family finds out they send her back to Pakistan for a forced arranged marriage. Her boyfriend follows her, he is beaten severely and imprisoned by the extended Pakistani family and is only saved by Sohail's intervention. She had already planned to meet the head of a terror camp organisation and these events led her to make her decision. She leaves behind her personal belongings and the terrorist group fake her death using a local female. This means she no longer exists and gives her the perfect opportunity not to change her mind and carry out her intentions of a mass suicide bombing Part one of the story is told from Sohail's point of view, while part two is from Nasima's point of view. The serial was filmed in London, Bradford and Hyderabad, India, not Rawalpindi though the story takes place in Pakistan in Part II. The DVD was released in the UK on 5 November 2007. Full Cast List *Sohail- Riz Ahmed *Nasima - Manjinder Virk *Tess - Mary Stockley *Jude - Chinna Wodu *Horne - Adrian Lukis *Shahnaz - Shaheen Khan *Riaz - Paul Bhattacharjee *Rafiq - Sagar Radia *Sabia - Zahra Ahmadi *Shaz - Preeya Kalidas *Sajid - Adil Mohammed Javed *Faisal - Zaid Munir *Matloob - Arsher Ali *Chris - Jeff Peterson *Lizzie - Amy Noble *Laure - Shereen Martineau *Aisha - Farzana Dua Elahe *Joy - Raquel Cassidy *Richard - Mark Bonnar *Jan - Tracy Wiles *Phipps - Paul Bown *Clare - Elizabeth Hurran *Kaneez - Harvey Virdi *Rashid - Haider Javed *Imran - Ash Tandon *Plain-Clothed Policeman 1 - Julian Kay *Plain-Clothed Policeman 2 - Nicholas Camm *Speaker - Wasim Zakir *Professor Towne - Roger May *Imam 2 - Waleed Khalid *Desk Sergeant - Martin Walsh *Chapel - Nick Sampson *Senior Diplomat - Simon Wilson *Asian Man - Rudi Dharmalingam *Inspector Hafeez - Ravin J Ganatra *Instructor - Riz Meedin *Mazur - Marc Anwar *Nahid - Miriam Ali *Imam - Munir Khairdin *Niaz - Akbar Kurtha *Rachel - Ruth Mitchell *Senior Nurse - Hannah Storey *Senior Officer - David Prosho *Sergeant - Paul Hurstfield *Police Motorcyclist - Peter Barich *Newsagent - Quill Roberts *Legal Advisor - Joanna Swain *Muslim Male 1 - Kammy Darweish *Muslim Male 2 - Shahid Ahmed *Policeman - Chris David Storer *Tajiq - Adeel Akhtar *Trevor - Bob Mercer *Detective 1 - Jack Pierce *Detective 2 - Stephen Fletcher *Asian Police Woman - Hannah Kumari *Librarian - Gail Kemp *Special Branch Officer - Gareth Farr *Pilot - Rick Savery *WPC - Dawn Finnerty *Steve - Daniel Sung *Shabir - Rohan Schroff *Majid - Neil Bhoopalam *Parvin - Tara Sharma *Yasmin - Veena Kapoor"] ["The film opens in the 1940s, when young twins Jane and Beth Hudson are famous child stars and play mostly the same roles, despite the fact that they have completely similar personalities. Jane is persistent about making a career and dominates her shy sister Blanche, who spends most of her time trying to please her other halve. Nevertheless, after following some acting lesses, Blanche became a bigger star as soon as they grew up, and the public eventually forgot about Jane. Nowadays, the sisters are living together in a large mansion. According to tabloids, Jane grew jealous of Blanche's fame and tried to kill her, but the 'accident' only resulted in paralyzing her. Blanche relives her fame due to her films being showed on television, while Jane's films are unavailable. Jane lacks in caring about her sisters well-being, and spends most of her day trying to look as youthful as possible, even though neighbors see her as a clown because of her extensive use of make-up and childish clothing. She is reluctant to bond with her neighbors Connie and Frank, who are very open about their adoration for Blanche. Blanche realizes that her sister has mental problems, and worries when she finds out that she has started drinking alcohol again, as well as turning her fan mail into hate mail. Her massage therapist Dominick worries that Jane might have find out that she is selling the house and is therefore acting out. One of Jane's many ways to torture Blanche, includes cutting her hair too short, and putting worms in her food. Meanwhile, she is trying to work on a comeback, and goes to a video store in an attempt to retrieve one of her old films. Billy Korn, the store's owner, is impressed with meeting a film star, and Jane, flattered by the attention, allows him to take her out. As an aspiring filmmaker, Billy suggests that they should work together on a project, and Jane in return kisses him. Back at home, Blanche tries to warn her doctor that Jane has stopped taking her pills, though Jane overhears the conversation and physically attacks her. Blanche now realizes that her sister has lost control and tries to get out of the house, screaming for help, but Jane forces her to a room and withholds her from any possibility of outside contact. Later that day, Jane meets with Billy - who is now being blackmailed for having photographed two underage boys naked for a magazine spread - to discuss their project. She is bothered by Blanche though, he now complains about being afraid to eat her dinner, because she fears that Jane has poisoned it. She tries to explain to Jane that she should not murder her, because there would not be any cheques coming in anymore, and Jane would be locked away. Jane calmly leaves the room and then locks the door. Downstairs, she learns that Billy has arranged for her to perform on stage again, but only if she appears with her sister. Grateful, she drops him off in Hollywood at night, though has a manic episode after he leaves, and oversees Billy interacting with his blackmailers. Meanwhile, Blanche has made an audio tape calling out for help, which she throws in her neighbor's garden the following morning. She then finds out that Jane has forged her signature in an attempt to retrieve all the money that her sister is being owed. If successful, it would mean that there is no reason for having her around anymore, which worries Blanche. She tries to get out of the mansion, but falls from the stairs and loses consciousness. Jane, who has returned home, finds the audio tape and tries to hide Blanche's unconscious body as she finds it at the bottom of the stairs. Dominick arrives sometime later for a session, forces himself into Blanche's room and finds her tied up. Dominick tries to save her, but is stabbed in the back with scissors by Jane. She is almost caught by Billy while trying to get rid of his body. At the end, Jane prepares herself for her second debut, and finds out on stage that Billy is posing in drag as Blanche. Jane is ridiculed by the audience and bursts out in tears. Jane gets into a manic rage and, upon returning home, she stabs Billy  to death. Afterwards, she turns to Blanche, who by now is severely dehydrated and deprived from food. Blanche admits that at the night she was paralyzed, she was driving herself, though never cleared Jane from her guilt because she hated her at the time. She then apologizes for never telling her the truth, and for a moment they are happy together. The police arrives sometime later to arrest Jane, and by then, Blanche has already lost consciousness. While the police tries to save her, Jane walks into the ocean in an attempt to commit suicide."] [' Christmas 1924: Two-year-old Frances Gumm performs in public for the first time, singing "Jingle Bells". Her mother, Ethel, watches from the audience while her father, Frank, watches from backstage. Ethel is unhappy with her marriage because of her husband\'s homosexuality. To help herself cope, she moves the family to Hollywood with the hope that her daughters will break into the movie business. 1935: Frank Gumm takes Frances, now using her stage name of "Judy Garland," to the studios of Metro Goldwyn Mayer to audition. MGM chief Louis B. Mayer is not impressed with her rendition of "Zing Went the Strings of My Heart\', but when she sings a different song an impressed Mayer says, "Little girl. Big voice." Thirteen-year-old Judy signs an MGM contract but, because of her age, the studio does not know what to do with her and keeps giving her radio appearances. Tragedy strikes one night when she is told her father has been rushed to the hospital. She is also told that doctors have put a radio beside his bed, so he will be listening. While Suzy and Jimmie are in tears over their ill father, Ethel shows no emotion at all. He dies the next day. 1938-1939: Judy\'s movie career is now blooming. Now sixteen , she finds herself in competition with MGM\'s new glamorous star, Lana Turner, who is everything she is not: tall, thin, and blond. Judy also becomes jealous as Lana steals everybody\'s, including Mickey Rooney\'s, attention on her birthday. MGM purchases the rights to L. Frank Baum\'s classic children\'s book, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Rumors spread that Shirley Temple might be playing Dorothy, but when 20th Century Fox refuses to lend her out to them, Judy is cast. She is prescribed some pills to help her sleep and to give her energy to work, and she is also forced to lose weight. She is then seen filming the "Yellow Brick Road" dance with the Scarecrow, Tin Man, and Cowardly Lion. On the first take, they all close in and shut her out, prompting director Victor Fleming to yell "You three dirty hams! Let that little girl in there!" The film turns out to be a huge success and she is catapulted to international stardom. Early 1940s: Judy begins a romance with bandleader Artie Shaw, who has already been married and divorced twice. This causes much concern, especially for Ethel, who has now remarried. Judy continues to see him and is shocked when he elopes with Lana Turner, leaving her heartbroken and reluctant to return to the studio since she feels she has to compete with all the goddesses. While filming the "I Got Rhythm" sequence for Girl Crazy, she is continually being reprimanded by her director, the no-nonsense Busby Berkeley, over not putting enough energy into her performance. Eventually, she collapses on the set and is granted three weeks rest, despite the doctor\'s instruction that she needs six. Aged just nineteen, she marries composer David Rose, but the marriage lasts only eighteen months. 1944: Judy  meets Vincente Minnelli , who is the director of her next film, Meet Me in St. Louis. She is then shown filming the "Trolley Song" sequence. She and Vincente marry in 1945. On their honeymoon, she tells him she plans to quit MGM when her contract expires. She also says she is pregnant, throws away a bottle of her pills, and vows never to take them again. 1947: Now mother to Liza, Judy is forced to renew her contract with MGM. While filming The Pirate, she has a mental breakdown and Vincente finds out she\'s taking the pills again. The marriage spirals downward from there. 1950: Judy is suspended from MGM and from filming Annie Get Your Gun . She also tries to commit suicide by slashing her throat with a broken glass. She is fired by MGM and her marriage to Vincente falls apart due to his exhaustion of her mood swings. During this time, she meets Sid Luft . He helps her with her show business comeback at the Palace Theatre on Broadway.  Early-1950s: Judy marries Sid in 1952 and a few months later she gives birth to a second daughter, Lorna. In 1953, her mother, Ethel, dies in a parking lot after suffering a heart attack. Initially, she does not react to the news, having been estranged from her for years, but while filming "The Man That Got Away" sequence for A Star is Born, her first film since MGM fired her, she misses her mark, and starts crying in her dressing room, not exactly sure if she is upset over her mother\'s death. She receives an Academy Award nomination for her performance. In 1955, a day before the 27th Academy Awards, she gives birth to a son, Joey, but on the night she loses the award to Grace Kelly, much to the shock and disappointment of her friends, and much of the film world. Late-1950s: Judy is now struggling with debts, her weight has ballooned, and at this stage, her marriage to Sid is starting to crumble. Early-1960s: After overcoming a life-threatening illness and slimming down, Judy tours America, the high point being a concert at New York\'s Carnegie Hall. As her marriage to Sid continues to collapse, she wins custody of their two children. Mid-1960s: Judy gets her own television series, but she is forced to go on the road again after it is cancelled. Judy\'s tour of Australia starts off fine, but her concert in Melbourne is a flop; she has trouble remembering the words to her songs, stumbles, and is heckled by the audience before being booed off stage. Judy later marries for a fourth time, this time to Mark Herron. This marriage lasts a mere five months as he turns out to be gay and is discovered in bed with a male pool cleaner, and she throws him out. Lorna begins to understand the connection between her mother\'s erratic behaviour and her medication. She reconciles with Sid, who books her at the Palace Theatre, this time with Lorna and Joey. He gives Lorna some instructions on how to take care of her mother. However, life with Judy , and looking after her mother and brother becomes too much for fourteen-year-old Lorna, who collapses from exhaustion. Fearing for his children\'s safety, Sid takes them to live with him in Los Angeles. 1969: Judy marries for a fifth and final time. Her new husband is Mickey Deans. They settle in London. Liza, Lorna, and Joey call her on her 47th birthday on June 10, and say they will come and spend the summer with her when school finishes in two weeks. Twelve days later, on June 22, she dies from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills. A hysterical Lorna sobs in her father\'s arms. The film ends with Judy performing "Get Happy".'] ['A young boy goes to meet a ruined industrialist called the Once-ler in a treeless wasteland and hear his tale of what happened to him. His tragic story documents how he began a thriving business in producing an unnecessary but versatile fashion product called a Thneed derived from the "Truffula trees" native to the land. As his business booms, the forest and its inhabitants suffer as he wantonly clearcuts without regard to the warnings of a wise old creature called The Lorax about the dire consequences of his greed.'] ["On her 100th birthday, Lucy Honicut Marsden recalls her life as a civil war veteran's 14 year old bride."] ['When industry spies break into a top secret lab at Calgorin Industries, they accidentlally let a T-Rex loose, which wreaks havoc into the lab before breaking out into the streets of Los Angeles.'] ["Desiree Leanne  Gill was three years old when her father died. Now, a year later, she is still struggling to accept her father's absence. Her mother Rhonda , having just relocated both herself and her daughter to live with her parents, is concerned that Desi does not understand what has happened, as she still asks where her father is and only refers to herself in the third person. Desi's grandmother Trish  has the idea of helping Desi write a letter to her father. They leave the letter at her father's grave, and every day Desi waits for the postman to bring her a reply. However, when the letter is returned to them, Desi's emotional and mental state worsen. Desperate, Desi and her mother go to the carnival with a local pilot, where Desi is given a balloon with a picture of a mermaid on it. Desi's grandmother has the idea of attaching a letter to the balloon and sending it to Heaven. 4000 miles away, a man duck hunting on the Mermaid River outside the town of Mermaid finds the balloon. Touched by Desi's letter, he and his wife reply. Upon receiving their letter, Desi begins to recover and the two families form a bond."] ["16-year-old Gail Osborne is a typical high school student with a passion for photography. Six months ago, she and her parents moved from San Francisco to a smaller town due to her father Neil's claim the city was too dangerous following a burglary. Gail, a high spirited romantic, initially started dating classmate E.K. Miller, but he broke off their relationship because Gail was unwilling to sleep with him. Now, Gail is dating Steve Pastorinis, despite her overprotective mother's objections. After a while, she receives an anonymous letter which says: I am watching you. Gail thinks the letter is creepy, but is convinced by her best friend Allison Bremer that it is a practical joke from some student. However, when the gorier notes and phone calls keep coming, Gail decides to warn her principal, who informs her it could be the act of her current or former boyfriend. One day, Gail tries to tell her mother Anne about the stalking, but Anne is too busy to pay attention. Therefore, Gail ditches school and heads to San Francisco to visit her father at work. There, she finds out her father has been fired. Back home, she confronts her mother with this, who demands her to keep silent so Neil will not feel ashamed. Gail realizes more serious matters are going on in life and decides to no longer pay attention to the notes and phone calls. One night, she is babysitting the children of Jessica Hirsch, who is dating Gail's teacher Chris Elden. She receives a phone call from the same stalker, asking: Are you in the house alone? Afraid, Gail locks the door, until later Allison's boyfriend Phil Lawver stops by. Phil reveals himself to be Gail's stalker and rapes her. Due to the trauma, Gail is hospitalized and refuses to return to school. Her father is outraged at Phil, but finds out they can not sue him because Phil's father is a close friend of the local judge. The fact Gail recently lost her virginity to Steve also plays a role. Gail is eventually encouraged by her teacher Malevich not to be afraid any longer and she returns to school. There, she finds out another girl is receiving the same creepy notes. Determined to stop Phil, she attempts to catch him with her photo camera. Phil, however, is on to her and attempts to beat her up, but he is caught by Steve. In the end, Phil pleads guilty to assault but is not charged with rape. He has since disappeared, and one rumour has it he is in a boarding school in New Hampshire."] ['The film follows the storyline of the book closely, save for adding some scenes from Through the Looking-Glass. It also changes the opening real world scene from Alice and her sister sitting at a riverbank to Alice in her bedroom, reluctantly practicing the song "Cherry Ripe", which she is expected to perform at a garden party. (The party guests are played by the same actors as the Wonderland characters, and are shown as resembling them in appearance and personality, in a similar manner to the MGM version of [[The Wizard of Oz . Thanks to stage fright, and constant nagging from her confident music teacher, Alice runs out of the house and hides herself in the woods nearby until the party has ended. However, an apple floats down from the tree and seems to hover in Alice\'s face. She is suddenly distracted by a human-sized White Rabbit  rushing by. Curious, Alice follows the White Rabbit, falling down his rabbit hole and ending up in Wonderland. Alice travels throughout Wonderland, meeting a large number of bizarre people and challenges. Alice first has problems keeping her size the same while attempting to go through a small door leading to a beautiful garden, eventually she grows massively tall and floods the room she is in with her tears before shrinking to the size of a mouse. She then meets Mr. Mouse  and his avian friends who participate in a Caucus Race, where everyone wins. Alice encounters the White Rabbit again who directs her to his house. There, Alice comes across a bottle of liquid that makes her enormous and trapped in the house. The White Rabbit and his gardeners Pat (played by Irish comedian [[Jason Byrne  and Bill attempt to remove Alice by going down the chimney, but Alice shrinks again. Wandering in a forest, she encounters Major Caterpillar  who advices her to not be afraid before transforming into a butterfly. Alice grows back to normal size by eating part of a mushroom. She ventures to a nearby manorhouse where she meets the musical Duchess , her baby, her pepper-obsessed plate-throwing cook, and the Cheshire Cat . The baby is left in Alice\'s care but it turns into a pig and is released. The Cheshire Cat advices Alice to visit the Mad Hatter and his friends the March Hare and the Dormouse. Meeting the trio at a tea party, Alice is given rather odd advice on how to avoid stagefright, the Mad Hatter  leaping onto the table to do his performance he previously did at a concert of the Queen of Hearts. Alice eventually leaves when the Mad Hatter and March Hare begins smashing cups and plates. They also try stuffing the Dormouse into a teapot. She comes across the small door and using her intelligence, succeeds in getting through it into the garden which is actually the labyrinth maze belonging to the Queen. The Queen of Hearts  invites her to a bizarre game of croquet, but her love for decapitating people annoys Alice. The Cheshire Cat\'s head appears in the sky and is ordered to be executed, but reasoning from Alice stops the Queen. The Duchess arrives to answer the King\'s question of who the Cat\'s owner is, but the Cat has vanished. Alice leaves the croquet game, meeting the Gryphon and the Mock Turtle . The two sing with Alice, teaching her the Lobster Quadrille and encouraging her. Alice then wanders into a darker area of Wonderland, meeting a White Knight  who encourages her to be brave and also shows her his newest invention. Alice meets some flowers: a Tiger-Lilly who is the most sensible out of all of them, some Roses which are not too bothered about Alice being lost, and some Daisies who are rascals. Having the flowers helping her, Alice walks off. Alice then meets Tweedledum  and Tweedledee  who have some antics with her before getting into a fight over a dropped rattle. Alice is then taken to the royal court where the Knave of Hearts is put on trial for apparently stealing the Queen\'s jam tarts. The Mad Hatter and his companions appear as witnesses but he is accused of stealing someone else\'s hat and is recognized by the Queen for singing at her concert, prompting him to sing his Twinkle Song. Alice is then called to the stand but she uses some mushroom pieces to grow to great heights. She sees the jam tarts have been untouched and the trial is pointless. She openly criticizes the Queen, the King and Wonderland. The White Rabbit, who is present at the court, reveals he deliberately lured Alice into Wonderland to conquer her fears. He does so by first asking her if she is self-confident. Upon Alice answering yes, he simply states, "then you don\'t need us anymore." He then sends her back home using the same hovering apple that brought her there in the first place. Awakening back home, Alice courageously sings in front of her parents and their guests, but instead of singing Cherry Ripe, she sings the Lobster Quadrille which she finds much more interesting. The audience enjoy her performance and applaud. Alice spots the Cheshire Cat in the audience who smiles at her in a term of congratulations. The film ends with the lobster quadrille, beautiful soup and some back ground music all during the end credits.'] [' Meg Murry is having a difficult time. Her father, astrophysicist Dr. Jack Murry, has mysteriously disappeared. Her youngest brother, Charles Wallace, a genius, is teased and belittled and thought to be stupid because he does not talk to anyone but family. Meg does not get along with her peers, teachers, her 10-year-old twin brothers, or even with herself. Into this unhappy situation comes a stranger, the mysterious, weirdly dressed Mrs Whatsit, and her friends Mrs Who and Mrs Which. They take Meg, Charles Wallace and their new friend Calvin O\'Keefe via tesseract to other planets, preparing the children for a mission to rescue Dr. Murry from the malevolent "IT" on the planet Camazotz. Along the way they ride on the back of a beautiful winged creature , learn about the shadow of tangible evil known as the Black Thing, and visit the Happy Medium. Once they reach Camazotz, however, it is up to Meg, Calvin and Charles Wallace to face the dangers of CENTRAL Central Intelligence, aided only by each other and a pair of Mrs Who\'s glasses. They do find and rescue Dr. Murry, but Charles Wallace is seduced away from his family by IT\'s agent, the Man with Red Eyes, and thus comes under the control of IT. Dr. Murry manages to tesser himself, Meg and Calvin away from Camazotz, but Charles Wallace is left behind, trapped in the mind of IT. Angry with her father, Calvin and herself for leaving Charles Wallace behind, Meg is cared for by the sightless and motherly Aunt Beast on the planet Ixchel, and argues with Mrs Which about returning to rescue her brother. Returning alone to Camazotz, Meg must find a quality in herself—love—to free Charles Wallace, and possibly free the planet Camazotz as well.'] ["William Campbell  is a wealthy businessman who has just lost his wife. He decides to make good on a promise he made her by opening a free reading room in an inner-city neighborhood where he grew up. Despite his good intentions, problems in the neighborhood threaten his establishment, especially from local gang members and a preacher  who questions Campbell's motives."] ["A Canadian mother and businesswoman Dinah Middleton's  is devastated when her teenage son, Alex , is killed by a hit-and-run driver. When the police fail to turn up any suspects, she turns private detective to track the killer down. She traces the murderer to New York, only to discover that the crime is not covered by the extradition treaty between Canada and the US. She becomes obsessed with bringing the criminal to justice."] ["Jim Norman, a high school history teacher, moves back to his old hometown to teach after being offered a job there. He moved from the town after he witnessed his brother, Wayne, murdered by a gang of greasers in 1963. The murderers themselves were killed shortly afterward by an oncoming train, having parked on the tracks. Jim has nightmares about his brother's murder as he starts teaching in the town. Students that are close to him start to be involved in various accidents that look like suicides. One by one, students are slain so the greasers, disguised as living teens, can return to class. The greasers plan to kill Jim the same way they murdered Wayne to keep themselves out of Hell. They intend to have a child witness the event, leading them to try to kidnap Jim's son Scott. Jim finds out that there is a way to let his own brother return. The gang also needs the remaining living member of their gang, Carl Mueller, who left before the train struck. Jim finds Carl, who panics, thinking Jim wants revenge. He runs back to town, fulfilling the gang's plan for a reunion. The gang harasses Jim's family to ensure Jim's compliance in reenacting the murder. After the gang releases the family, Jim hides them inside a church, which the demonic gang cannot enter. Jim tries to bring his brother back in the church's graveyard as the gang lures his wife and son outside and hold them hostage. Jim finds that something is blocking Wayne's return, and must cooperate with the thugs in reenacting the murder. He returns to the train tunnel in which the first murder took place, though both he and Carl change their dialogue and actions from those taken 27 years before. Frustrated, the gang leader stabs Carl, which allows Wayne to come back. Wayne distracts the gang while Jim gets his family out of the gang's car. The gang tries to escape in their car, only to have it struck by a ghost train which sends them back to Hell. Wayne offers to have Jim come with him to the afterlife, which Jim refuses. Wayne says he can move on to heaven and see his parents because the greasers are no longer a threat. Wayne goes back to the afterlife as Jim's family heads home."] ["A divorced woman  moves to San Francisco from Omaha with her young son. She's trying to re-build her life after her divorce, she leaves her son with his grandmother. She joins the choir of a local church. She has some issues with the choirmaster  who tries to get the choir into shape before the Christmas concert. The choir overcome some personal setbacks as they all deal with personal issues. Zoe  thinks of quitting the choir all together when push comes to shove."] ["The story concentrates on a child of mysterious origin called Delia , who is adopted by two attorneys, Gene  and Karen York . At first, all seems normal, but Jo, their nanny with remarkable psychic powers, begins to learn aspects of Delia's personality that become very suspicious. Jo takes her to a fair for other people with psychic powers. All of them sense trouble at Delia's arrival, such as the tarot reader's Devil card and the blind seer's distress when she nears him. When Noah, Jo's friend, takes a picture of Delia and sees very dark colors, which is like her personality, Noah finds out she is evil. When Delia finds out what they're up to, she gets angry and the whole place catches fire. When meditating with Delia to help her discover why Delia is so full of negative energy, Jo finds out who Delia really is, and is pushed out the window by Delia's rottweiler. Increasingly alarmed and suspicious of her adoptive daughter, Karen hires a private investigator to learn the identity of Delia's real parents. What follows is a string of bizarre accidents, resulting in Karen falling into a paranoid state as she fears people are conspiring against her. What's worse, Karen's pregnancy increases her feeling of paranoia around Delia. It is revealed that Delia is the daughter of Damien Thorn, the Antichrist, thus the granddaughter of Satan. After delivering her son Alex, Karen goes to the doctor who knows the truth about Delia and finds out that the Antichrist is not Delia: she is the protector of the antichrist. The antichrist is in fact Delia's twin brother, whose embryo was carried inside Delia and then implanted into Karen by the doctor. Karen kills the doctor then heads home to try to kill Delia and her baby, the 666 symbol shown directly on his palm. At first, the viewer is unable to tell who was shot, as the camera pans out to a view of the house. However, at the end it is shown that Karen has killed herself."] ["During the 1999 Russian Presidential elections, the two leading candidates are Igor Komarov , a former Colonel of the KGB, and a retired General Nikolai Nikolayev . An investigation by the FSB ensues when a car bomb explodes outside one of Komarov’s pharmaceutical companies, and a virus is stolen from inside. Heading the investigation FSB agents Sonia Astrova  and her colleague Andrei Kasanov . They come up against difficulty by the director of the FSB, Anatoly Grishin . A British Embassy worker from Moscow, Sir Nigel Irvine ([[Michael York , travels to southern Spain to try and find Jason Monk , a former CIA operative who ran double agents in the Soviet Union, and tries to convince him to go to Moscow and investigate the Komarov Industries bombing. Eventually, after much persuasion, including help to find his Russian daughter, Monk agrees to go. Once in Moscow, Jason finds an old friend, Victor Akopov , whose brother Sergei was a double agent of Jason’s, who was personally executed by Komarov. Victor agrees to hide Jason from Komarov’s men. Pretending to be a friend of Sonia Astrova’s father, he gains access to her office and steals a sample of residue from the bombing, which he gives to another friend of his, Vladimir Tonkin , a former scientist. Tonkin finds that the explosive used was Semtex H, with a direct traceable link to the FSB. When he tells Jason about his findings, he is killed by Vladimir Dorganosov , the same man who attacked Komarov industries and stole the bioweapon, who has since released it into a Muslim village in Dagestan. Outgoing Russian president Cherkassov  wants the biological situation in Dagestan to be dealt with internally, but later on, after much persuasion from Komarov and Grishin, he sends out an international alert to identity and contain the outbreak. Sonia locates Leonid Zaitzev , a cleaner who worked at the Komarov Industries plant and saw Dorganosov steal the virus, who has gone on the run after his home was ransacked. While questioning him, Grishin arrests Zaitzev and fires Sonia and Andrei. Zaitzev was later by killed by Dorganosov while in custody. Sonia goes home to find Jason waiting for her, and agrees to help him access the FSB network. However, they are fired at by Dorganosov, and a car chase ensues, with Dorganosov tracking them by using Sonia’s phone, until she discards it. They go to Andrei’s house, where they find him already dead. After the chase, Dorganosov demands the rest of his payment from his contractor, who is none other than Anatoly Grishin. While they are arguing, Komarov himself arrives and orders Grishin to kill Dorganosov. While at Victor’s apartment, Jason and Sonia come to realise that Grishin knew about the bombing in advance, and raid his house for information. Jason is injured, and while he is unconscious, Sonia locates his daughter Elena  and brings her to him. While trawling through the information gained from Grishin’s computer, they come across a photograph which reveals that Grishin and Komarov are old friends, and a secret manifesto written by Komarov, which tells of his plans to unleash genocide on any “undesirables” from Russia. Jason realises that the bombing and the theft of the bioweapon were planned by Komarov from the beginning. The virus was released to look like a terrorist attack, allowing Komarov to be elected President, he being the only candidate with an anti-terror campaign. It was also the beginning of the genocide. Jason and Sonia go Komarov’s Presidential opponent, General Nikolayev, who stages a press conference and tells of Komarov’s involvement in the bombing at his facility. However, Grishin arrives and introduces Komarov, who tells of his coincidental ownership of vaccines to every virus in his facility. The move boosts Komarov’s popularity, and leads to his election. Jason and Sonia confront Komarov’s American electoral hacker, Harvey Blackledge , who tells them of a facility outside Moscow. Afterwards, Blackledge was killed by an assassin posing as a taxi driver. Jason and Sonia travel there, and find that Komarov’s famous speech of “sun rays spreading across Russia” means his plan for genocide, with different viruses each targeting different ethnic minorities within the country. After battling to escape the facility, Jason and Sonia find Victor dead in his apartment. Jason then travels to Elena’s house where he is captured by Komarov’s men. After being interrogated by Grishin, he escapes with the help of Elena, and Sonia, who kills Grishin and takes his phone, which allows them to locate the FSB agents spreading the viruses. After Jason secretly hands Grishin's phone to Sir Nigel, he orders the arrests of the rogue FSB agents. Komarov’s plan is revealed publicly, and riots ensue in the streets, calling for his resignation. Komarov, hidden from the public, instigates martial law. When he is spotted, he orders his men to fire into the crowd of people trying to get to him. Before they can fire, however, Nikolayev arrives and commands them to lower their weapons. The crowd storm the building, however Komarov escapes down an alleyway, where he is confronted by Jason Monk and Sonia. As he tries to kill Jason, however, he is shot, and the crowd rushes in and kills him. Nikolayev becomes the acting President, and Sonia is appointed head of the FSB. Jason moves back to Spain with Elena, and resumes his job hiring out a fishing boat."] ["Quality control supervisor Larry Pearce  spends his days monitoring the nuances of his tech support staff's telephone conversations. Listening is his life. However, after his young son's death, he experiences a supernaturally heightened sense of hearing, Larry is forced to take violent action to silence the horrific cacophony in his head. He comes home to find that everything, including the small appliances, creates insufferable noise."] ["Middle-aged Lilly Moffatt  sets up a school in a Welsh coal mining town, despite the determined opposition of the local squire . Eventually, she considers giving up. Then she discovers a promising student Morgan Evans , a miner seemingly destined for a life of hard work and heavy drink. With renewed hope, she works hard to help him realise his potential. Through diligence and perseverance, Morgan gets the opportunity to take an examination for Oxford University with, hopefully, a prized scholarship. Moffatt, the rest of the teachers, and their students are hopeful Morgan will pass the Oxford interview, and so he does. However, Bessie Watty , a young woman who has recently given birth to Morgan's child, blackmails the faculty into giving her part of Morgan's scholarship money in order to help raise the baby. The conniving young woman has designs on another male suitor. Instead, Moffatt volunteers to adopt the child so that Morgan's academic future will not be ruined and Watty will be free to marry another man, unfettered by her responsibility to the child . Morgan quickly hears about Watty's scandalous, self-serving motives, and insists upon raising the child himself. Through a heartfelt and persuasive conversation, Moffatt convinces the young man to continue his higher education and contribute something to the world."] ['War reporter Matt Ellman is in Singapore with his girlfriend Jessie, to whom he is about to propose marriage. Unfortunately, before he proposes, both of them are killed in a terrorist attack by a suicide bomber. Afterwards, they find themselves on a strange planet called Riverworld, where everyone who has ever lived on Earth has been reborn along the banks of a seemingly endless river. Riverworld functions as a sort of purgatory for deceased human beings to get a second chance. In this world, Matt finds several of his deceased friends as well as historical figures, some of whom are his allies and others who are antagonistic. The antagonists include explorer Richard Francis Burton  and Francisco Pizarro, the Conquistador who conquered the Incas. The more friendly people include American author Samuel Clemens  and Tomoe Gozen, a 12th-century warrior from the time of the Genpei War married to Minamoto no Yoshinaka. Along with the other heroes, Matt soon discovers that Riverworld has a deeper purpose and is controlled by otherworldly caretakers who are engaged in a civil war.'] ['On an android-controlled, post-apocalyptic Earth a human man named Jute  is convicted of murdering an android. Deecee  is an android who is beginning to develop human emotion, and is being transported to an android-run prison facility along with Jute. While in transit, their police vehicle is attacked. Jute and Deecee escape and are forced into a strained alliance in order to survive in the harsh deserts of the world. As these two characters flee android authorities they stumble upon a genocidal plot being orchestrated by the leader of the androids, who hopes to rid the planet of human life forever.'] ['The movie opens in 1932 when World War I veterans are protesting and rallying in Washington D.C. for war bonuses they were promised but never received from the government, a true event known as the Bonus March. The US Cavalry and Infantry are present for crowd control. The mounted cavalry is ordered by Maj. John Hardesty  to present their sabers in order to hold back the protesters. First Sergeant John "Top" Libbey , along with three fellow soldiers, refuse to raise their arms because the demonstrators were men they served with during the war. As a consequence, their military careers are tarnished and they are relegated to duty at a remote post in the American Southwest. Two years later, Lt. Marshall Buxton  arrives at his new post, where it is discovered during his interview with retiring Col. Stuart  that he was assigned because of a fight and that many of the others there are also due to insubordination. Lt. Buxton meets Sergeants Libbey, Quinlain, Mulcahey and Shattuck, who together manage the herd of remounts. Col. Stuart is replaced as post commander by Hardesty, who has been promoted to colonel. Hardesty\'s mission is to aid in the transition to a mechanized army. To accomplish this, the horses at the outpost will have to be destroyed. Buxton is ordered to escort the animals to slaughter. While watching the horses being helplessly shot to death in a mass grave, Lt. Buxton decides, with the concurrence of Libbey and the others, to end the massacre and drive the remaining herd to safety. A manhunt ensues that forces the renegade men and horses north. Along the way, the men get a little help from Retired Col. Stuart in his standing with the War Department and the Colonel\'s daughter , who is a journalist. Many of the horses are lost during the journey, due to exhaustion and injuries. After reaching the Canadian border and making a final run with the horses, the men are granted a pardon by President Roosevelt while dodging a light artillery attack by Hardesty\'s men, who have followed the recreants since their insurrection. Buxton\'s men and the remaining horses are allowed safe passage across the border by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. While Lt. Buxton decides to return to the United States to face charges, the remainder of his group decide to stay in Canada.'] ["Three couples are followed as they struggle to have children. Diana and Andy Douglas are a newlywed with great careers trying to have a baby for eleven months, without any results. As they visit the doctor, they are crushed to find out that Diana has problems with her ovary and she has a 1 in 10,000 chance to become pregnant. Diana, who always wanted to have a child, considers finding a surrogate mother, but the process proves to be very painful because Andy always wanted to have a child as well, she thinks she is preventing him from living his dream and files for divorce. Eventually, Andy convinces Diana that he only wants to be with her and together, they decide to adopt a child. They find Jane, a student who thinks a baby will destroy her promising future. After giving birth to a girl, Hilary, Diana is filled with joy to finally become a mother. Jane, however, changes her mind and claims her baby back. Meanwhile, Diana turns out to be pregnant after all and in the end, she ends up with two children, following Jane's decision not to have the child after all. Another plot involves Charlie Winwood, an orphan who, like Diana, always wanted to have children. He is married to Barbie, an aspiring actress who isn't too enthusiastic to become a mother. While Barbie is on a vacation in Las Vegas, Charlie makes a visit to the doctor and finds out he is sterile. However, five weeks later, Barbie announces she is pregnant, which means she cheated on him. Charlie immediately leaves her and later meets Beth, another orphan who is now enjoying her life as a single mother. They fall in love with each other and soon marry. Not only does Charlie become the father figure of her child, but they also decide to adopt another child. The plot also centers on Pilar and Brad Coleman, an older couple who, after Brad's daughter announces she is pregnant, decide to try and become pregnant as well. The age proves to be a great obstacle. Even after an artificial insemination, she suffers a miscarriage. Crushed, she decides not to continue the process, until she becomes pregnant. She eventually delivers twins, but one of them dies."] ["Marielle is happily married to Charles Delauney, and they have a four-year-old son together, Andre. After being visited by Marielle's parents, who warn her about Charles, Marielle, Charles and Andre go on holiday in Switzerland. While Marielle is being greeted by a neighbor, Andre tries to get his ball from the lake and ends up drowning. Charles blames Marielle, and she ends up having a nervous breakdown. Two years later, Charles visits her in a hospital and tells her he still loves her, and although she confesses she loves him too, she says they can't rebuild the past. They divorce, and Marielle begins a new life in New York. There, she meets Malcolm Patterson, the only person to employ her. After showering her with gifts and romantic meals, Malcolm proposes, and after much persuasion she accepts. Shortly after they are married, Malcolm and Marielle begin trying for a baby and when she is unable to conceive, Malcolm is clearly angry. She attempts to tell him about her past but he doesn't listen, and tells her never to think about the past. Three months later, she visits him at the office and is introduced to his new secretary, Ms. Saunders. She announces she is pregnant. Malcolm hires a nanny for Marielle, much to her annoyance. When their son Theodore is born, the nanny insists that consistency is important in Teddy's life. Malcolm begins preparing a train set for Christmas. Marielle attempts to tell him about the anniversary of her first son's death, but he cuts her short. The next day, she goes to church and lights a candle for Andre alone, however bumps into her ex-husband Charles there. They talk about the past and share a hug, which is witnessed by her chauffeur. The next day, Marielle takes Teddy to the park and once again, sees Charles. He is angry that Marielle didn't mention having another son, and says it's not fair that she has a husband, a new life and a son and he has nothing. He then asks her if she'd go to the ends of the earth to find someone she loved, and she hurries off. That night she is on the phone to Malcolm and hears something upstairs. She tells Malcolm who tells her not to worry. After they end the phone call she goes upstairs anyway and sees the nanny gagged and tied up, and discovers Teddy is missing. While the house is being searched, detective John Taylor questions the servants and the chauffeur tells about how he saw Marielle with Charles. John then questions Marielle and Malcolm listens, stunned, while she tells about her past. Marielle insists it isn't in Charles's nature to hurt a child. The police search Charles's house and find Teddy's blue pyjamas there. He is arrested on suspicion of kidnap. Marielle goes to the police station and Charles insists he didn't kidnap Teddy. In court, all the evidence seems to be pointing to Charles. However, outside John Taylor reveals to Marielle that Malcolm knew all about her past. It is later revealed that Malcolm kidnapped his own son - he had been having an affair with Ms. Saunders and that he was going to start a new life with her and Teddy, and that he'd only married Marielle to get a baby, as Ms. Saunders was infertile. Marielle and Malcolm divorce, and at the end of the film, John reveals he loves Marielle as she prepares to begin a new life with Teddy in Vermont."] ['Jason Cromwell  is a leading TV newsman whose investigation of a bank scandal drives a wrongly accused executive to suicide and forces him to make important decisions about his life and career.'] ["Hercule Poirot is travelling on the Orient Express. While on the journey, Poirot meets a very close friend Bouc, who works for the Compagnie Internationale des Wagons-Lits. The train is stopped when a landslide blocks the line on the second night out from Istanbul, and American millionaire Samuel Edward Ratchett is found stabbed to death the next morning. Since no footprints are visible around the train and the doors to the other cars were locked, it seems that the murderer must still be among the passengers in Ratchett's car. Poirot and Bouc work together to solve the case. They are aided by Pierre Michel, the middle-aged French conductor of the car. A key to the solution is Ratchett's revealed involvement in the Armstrong tragedy in America several years earlier, in which a baby was kidnapped and then murdered."] ["Will Kane returns to the town of Hadleyville  which is in the hands of a corrupt marshal and his two aides. J.D. Ward, the man that replaced Kane as marshal, is a tyrant who shoots up the horses Will has just purchased. Ward is after Ben Irons and his men because of wanted posters, even though Ward knows they are innocent. Ben gets away. Ward pursues him. Kane decides to help Ben. Ben dies from a gunshot wound. Ward is going to arrest Kane for helping Ben, but the town rallies together and issues a warrant for Ward's arrest. Miracle-like, Kane again puts on the tin star  and shoots Ward to death."] ['The U.S. Navy commissions a group known as "Blue Water" to genetically engineer a half-shark, half-octopus for combat. During a demonstration off Santa Monica, the Sharktopus escapes the control of its creators and causes mayhem. Hunted by Blue Water and a television crew, the monster attacks numerous beach-goers.'] ['When a virus overcomes the male population of the world and turns them into murderous psychopaths, a mother and daughter escape across a country where their safety is in question. After an explanation of the title, documenting the extermination of Cochliomyia hominivorax, the movie begins in the month of August, with a suburban house in Houston, Texas where an average man has murdered his wife, daughter, and possibly mother because God had told him to "clean up". Over the next month, a series of femicides break out all over the world to the notice of Anne Alstein , whose husband Alan  is working alongside Barney  on the solution to an insect problem in the rain forest. They have a daughter, Amy , who is extremely excited to see her father again. Anne, Amy, and friend and epidemiologist Bella Sartiano  hold a dinner for the returning men. They discuss the methods of how the process will slowly eradicate the screwfly problem much to Bella\'s annoyance who would rather have all humans killed off before they kill all life on earth. Bella then leaves for Jacksonville, Florida where a large group of femicides took place, figuring that it was the result of some kind of epidemic. She interviews an infected Army private, William Holicky , who murdered a stripper at a club that had already been assaulted by a preacher who was believed to be a martyr by many of the infected men. The aggression is linked to sexual arousal and many of the men use religious reasons, even going as far as creating the Sons of Adam cult, to justify the murders. He tries to kill her and she departs, only to be later killed by the infected mayor. Before her death, Bella informed Barney by phone of the strange occurrence involving the epidemic of murdering women: the disease-like condition spreads along a major disease route near the Equator. Barney and Alan head to Washington, D.C. to consult with officials on whether or not that the condition is of natural or bioterrorism origin and that the only way to avoid it is chemical castration. When an Army general balks at the idea, Barney retorts that there is one alternative- actual castration. Barney takes the shot  but Alan refuses, stating that he\'ll be fine with pills—until he begins to have dreams of killing Anne on the plane ride home. Alan becomes witness to two murders on board the plane by a deranged passenger and a flight attendant, Alan realizes that every man on the plane is infected, himself included. Upon touchdown he calls his wife and daughter and says his goodbyes, telling them that the next time he sees them, he won\'t be himself. In September, Anne and Amy have continued onwards to Canada with other women in a Safe Home fashion, though Amy taunts some very aroused and disturbing construction workers, of which a burly one chases after her. Eventually, the two retreat to a cabin where they encounter Alan. He is infected, and sexually assaults his daughter until Anne shoots him in the legs. At Alan\'s struggling insistence, they escape, but Amy, not understanding the situation, returns to the cabin and Anne arrives too late to save her. Anne is next seen unconscious and it is presumed that she was forced to kill Alan. Anne wakes up in a hospital where a rash of murders are being inflicted on the female patients, much of it the work of a priest, Barney ensures safe passage to Anne by quietly escorting her out of the building. The two escape to Canada where she wears a "man" disguise in order to hide herself from the various male citizens and hunters who are also infected. Anne overhears a conversation while in a supplies store to pick up medicine, in which the community is now "a liberated zone", indicating that the female population has been wiped out. This is further reminded when a young boy gleefully smiles at his mother\'s death with his father, then talks about seeing angels in the woods. Soon after, Anne tries to save Barney who becomes very ill. Barney encourages Anne to keep running as she\'s the only survivor of the female population. As the winter season continues, Barney falls victim to the elements and dies peacefully. Planning to run, she tries to escape hunters who discover her after she expresses shock seeing a bag made out of a woman\'s breast in the same supplies store she\'s been shopping, which she also discovers that the young boy who was happy about his mother\'s death, is now dead, likely have been killed for inadvertently arousing the sexually frustrated men. As she flees, a bright and powerful light shines overhead and the source of the solution is discovered. Bright aliens formed of light are the culprits, using alien technology to create the femicide epidemic. They kill the two hunters that pursued Anne, apparently to take some of their brain matter, and she escapes into the woods, where she makes a wish on a shooting star. By December, all female life on Earth is presumed to have been exterminated, leaving the infected men to slowly die off.'] ['A group of college students travel to an Eastern European village. The protagonist, Jason, pulls a sword from a stone, unwittingly reviving a giant monster whose body is made of rock . Soon, Jason learns that one of his ancestors had slain this monster before with the sword, and he plans to do the same. The main antagonist, Dimitar, possesses a key stone that has the power to either kill or control the monster, and he plans to transfer the rock monster\'s spirit into his body with hopes of the spirit making him "omnipotent". The rock monster goes on a killing spree, regenerating and blending in with mountain and stony hill features. It rips open the skull of a man as it travels with Dimitar to the village, where it is defeated by Jason and his sword, which is revealed to be Excalibur.'] ["Barbara Gordon appears to have it all, including a successful career in a male-dominated industry and a solid relationship with her live-in lover, attorney Derek Bauer. Beneath her facade is a high-strung personality who heavily relies on sedatives to reduce tension and anxiety and maintain a composed exterior for her friends and associates. Her current project focuses on cancer patient Jean Scott Martin and her husband Ben and how the couple is coping as the disease progresses. Despite reserverations expressed by her collaborators, Barbara is determined to end the film on a positive note, showing the Martins embracing on the beach. When she shows them a rough cut, fatalistic Jean is angered by the false optimism and vehemently voices her objections to Barbara's choices. The response triggers a deep depression in Barbara, who relies on Doctor Kalman, her therapist of many years, and an increased dosage of Valium to see her through the crisis. She finally reaches a turning point when she realizes Kalman's treatment has been ineffective and admits her dependence on drugs is controlling her life. Her effort to quit cold turkey results in a rapid physical, mental, and emotional deterioration fueled by Derek's refusal to let her seek medical help and his alcohol-driven determination to control her completely. Following a series of physical fights, he imprisons her - bruised, bloodied, and broken - by tying her to a chair. She manages to convince him they had dinner plans with friends Karen and Sam Mulligan, and when he calls them to cancel, her screams for help alert them to her situation. Barbara is institutionalized and begins a long and arduous journey towards recovery with the help of Julie Addison. During this period, she is visited by Jean, who confesses she may have overreacted to Barbara's film and feels a sense of guilt over her breakdown. Her encouragement inspires Barbara to get well and complete the project. Jean suggests she end the film with an image of Barbara herself walking on the beach, and she complies with her wishes. Jean dies before seeing the completed work, but a newly confident Barbara is certain she would have approved of it."] ["{{plot}} Gillian Hayes is performing heart surgery to attempt to save the patient. Another doctor decides that saving the patient is hopeless. After the patient dies, Dr. Hayes was upset at the other doctor for giving up. The coroner said that it appears as if something had exploded from within the patient's chest. Lt. Tom Royko questioned Dr. Hayes in her office about the patient who died and Dr. Hayes suspected that Lt. Royko considered her to be a suspect. Royko said Hayes was not a suspect. Later, a nervous patient who is to receive a pacemaker is worried that something will go wrong during the surgery. Dr. Hayes assured the patient that it is such a common and safe procedure and sarcastically claimed that she could even perform the operation blindfolded. The patient said he realized this but was still nervous since it was his heart that was being operated on. A receptionist receives a phone call from someone who claims that there is a bomb in operating room #4 that will explode at 1:00. The receptionist looked at the clock which read approximately 12:50. The receptionist went into the operating room to tell them that there was a bomb in the room and that they needed to evacuate. Dr. Gillian Hayes was in the middle of surgery at the time, operating on the nervous patient, and said that evacuation was not an option. Another doctor asked if evacuation was an option for her. At 12:59, Dr. Hayes and the patient were the only ones in the room. Tom Royko came in and told Dr. Hayes that she needed to leave. Gillian Hayes refused to leave and was angry with Tom Royko for coming into the operating room unmasked and thus contaminating the patient. Lt. Royko pulled Dr. Hayes away from the patient just in time. The patient exploded right afterwards; it turns out that the bomb was in the pacemaker that Dr. Hayes had implanted during the surgery. Later, Lt. Royko told Dr. Hayes to compile a list of ex-boyfriends or other people who are possible suspects. Lt. Royko told Dr. Hayes that originally she was a suspect but that her refusal to leave the operating room took her off the list of potential suspects. A cellular phone was found in a Federal Express package in Dr. Hayes' office. The cellular phone was from the person planting the bombs. He gave the information about a flight which the next victim was a passenger. The cellular phone also displayed a number which was a countdown to when the bomb would explode. A hypothesis that Hayes and Royko had was that the count down was linked to the victim's heartbeat. They also realized that as soon as the pacemaker was removed it would explode. Dr. Hayes suggested attaching it to a simulator so that it would still think it is attached to the heart. The next victim was Mr. Benjamin McDonald who was in the airport as Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko showed up. Mr. McDonald was called to the desk and Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko informed him that something was wrong with the pacemaker. They brought Mr. McDonald into a different room where they attempted to remove the pacemaker, assuring him that everything would be fine. Dr. Hayes had isolated the pacemaker and was ready to be removed but unfortunately, the simulator had not arrived in time. Lt. Royko was given a shield to sit behind while he cut the pacemaker from a distance. Mr. McDonald's last words were to tell his wife and children that he loved them. Right after Lt. Royko cut the pacemaker, it exploded. Dr. Hayes eventually learned that it was Franklin who was planting the bombs. Franklin is someone whose 12 year old son died in surgery while being operated by Dr. Gillian Hayes. Franklin said that the next victim would be at an elementary school. Dr. Hayes said there was a little boy there who was a patient. Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko arrived at the elementary school and brought the boy into a room to operate on. Lt. Royko pulled the fire alarm. During the operation, Dr. Hayes said that since the boy's heartrate has been accelerating but that the rate of countdown of Franklin's timer to when the bomb would explode did not speed up, then the countdown must not be linked to the patient's heartrate. Dr. Hayes removed the pacemaker and there was no explosion. Lt. Royko said that Franklin gave them too much time so he must have not wanted the boy to die. After Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko went outside, Dr. Hayes recognized a teacher who was a patient of hers. However, they did not have enough time to remove the pacemaker and they did not have a simulator that would be used to make the pacemaker behave as if it is still attached to the heart. Lt. Royko told the teacher to come with him, and ran with her away from the students. The teacher's chest exploded as Royko was running with her away from the crowd. The teacher was killed but Lt. Royko was not harmed. Franklin then leaves a cake for Sean's birthday at Dr. Hayes' home. After officers come to check her house, Franklin calls, and says that tomorrow, on Sean's 14th birthday, he will kill 14 patients. Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko must race against time to save them. After discovering Franklin's hideout in front of Dr. Hayes' office at the hospital, and his true plan, they must now race against time to save Lt. Royko's son, who Franklin has kidnapped. Franklin implanted a pacemaker in Lt. Royko's son, kidnaps Dr. Hayes as she is coming to the hospital basement, connects Lt. Royko's son's pacemaker with Dr. Hayes' pulse with a special device, and then commits suicide by jumping off the hospital roof with a bomb. Lt. Royko and Dr. Hayes rush to the hospital basement to save Lt. Royko's son just in time."] ["Homicide detective Nate Burns  once lived a tough life in Baltimore, but decides to move to a small Alaskan town, after being offered the position of chief of police. Burns leaves Baltimore just a few weeks after his partner is shot and killed, feeling partially responsible for what has happened. Nate finds himself not very welcome by the town's residents, but takes an immediate interest in Meg Galligan . Meg is a young pilot, whose father left and disappeared in 1994; leaving her mother Charlene , who Meg constantly argues with, to single-handedly take care of her. Soon, Nate helps in the search and rescue of two lost mountain climbers, and asks for Meg's help in getting there. Upon their rescue, Nate also locates a frozen corpse, who turns out to be Meg's father. It's clear that he was murdered, as the axe used to kill him is still embedded in his body. Meg has trouble mourning for her father, because she has always been mad at him for abandoning his family. Meg suggests that Nate begin to investigate, but he is reluctant to do so, explaining that he moved from Baltimore to avoid murder cases. After giving in, Nate starts collecting information, and soon finds that nobody in town liked the man, and that he had affairs with several of the townswomen. Soon, Max, one of the locals, seemingly commits suicide. Nate believes that Max had something to do with Meg's father's death. This upsets Meg, as Max was a well-liked man in town. Eventually they find Max's journal, in which he admits to the murder. Nate however, doesn't believe he was the sole murderer, and refuses to believe that he committed suicide. With the help of Meg, Nate continues the investigation. As they take their relationship to a new level, he finds out that they are being followed. Fearing for their own lives, Nate starts questioning everyone in town. Nate proposes to Meg, and soon after getting engaged, Nate is fired, because the locals have been complaining that all the trouble started after he arrived. Nate briefly considers returning to Baltimore, until he learns that an earring was found next to the body. As the police arrive to arrest the murderer, he takes a woman hostage and shoots Meg in the arm. He is arrested after Nate shoots him. In the final credits, the location of filming is stated to be Alberta, but in fact it was filmed in Dawson City in Yukon Territory, the town where the Yukon and Klondike Rivers meet."] ['J.T. Hope, a former police officer and marine, owner of a ranch called "Circle Hope Ranch" decides to start a program for troubled teens on his ranch to help rehabilitate them and help them get out of the life of crime, drugs and other bad things. Hope starts the program and 3 boys are brought in to the new program. J.T. has 2 good friends who work with him on the ranch, Shorty, and Colt Webb, a former juvenile delinquent who was given a second chance with the help of J.T. Hope.'] ["After a North Korean nuclear missile test goes wrong, the American nuclear attack submarine USS Lansing is cut off from communications. Detecting radioactivity in the air and believing the world to be at nuclear war, the executive officer takes command of the ship from the captain and prepares to fire the submarine's nuclear missiles at targets in Russia. Some members of the crew do not believe they are at war and help the captain take back control of the ship. Meanwhile, a second American submarine is sent to hunt down and destroy the Lansing before it can start a real war. In the end, the captain is successful in regaining control of the vessel and preventing the missile launch. After outmanoeuvering the other submarine, the captain surfaces in a Russian harbor and uses a mobile phone  to contact an admiral and inform them that the situation is now under control."] ['Read It and Weep begins with freshmen Jameson Bartlett , who has three best friends, named Connor  , Lindsay , and Harmony ,a brother named Lenny Bartlett  and an enemy named Sawyer Sullivan , whose boyfriend Marco is the object of Jamie\'s affection. She also owns a tablet PC which she writes in every day. In that journal she writes about a character named "Isabella," or "Is" , a popular girl with incredible powers based loosely on herself. Jamie uses her alter-world to write her feelings about her classmates, friends, and her life. As an English assignment, she has to write an essay of her choice. Her printer dies and Lenny refuses to let her use his. Lindsay offers to print the essay if Jamie emails it to her, but she accidentally sends her the journal. After Lindsay turns the journal in for the English assignment, it wins a writing contest. Jamie\'s book attracts a lot of publicity and eventually becomes a bestseller. She appears at many book signings, reality TV shows and is often interviewed. Soon, success gets the better of Jamie; she becomes increasingly materialistic and critical of the world around her, quitting her job at her father\'s pizza place, ridiculing her brother\'s guitar playing, and favoring fame over her friends. Her newfound popularity is dashed when she reveals on a television interview that the antagonist of her novel is based on Sawyer. As Jamie\'s classmates learn that the book was based on Jamie\'s negative feelings toward her school, she wishes to restore her relationships but her friends are unwilling to trust her again. Her friends begin to reject and avoid her. When she logs into a chat room, one-by-one each person who was originally logged on, logs off as soon as they see her, except for her friend Connor. When she asks him if he hates her, he responds "I only hate what you\'ve become." Jamie then realizes her mistakes, and also discovers some hidden feelings for Connor. Connor writes a positive letter to the editor. When it appears in the school paper the next day, she thinks it was Marco, not Connor. Connor then becomes jealous. To make up for her mistakes, she apologizes to her brother, Lenny, encouraging him to take up his guitar playing once more, despite what she\'d said. Jamie overhears her parents\' conversation about having to close down the pizza parlor, and Jamie feels guilty. As she is getting ready for the school dance, Jamie confronts Is, a figment of her imagination who tries to make Jamie like she is and acts as the main antagonist of the movie , and tells her to stop. She then goes to the dance, where she tries to apologize to everyone. They do not accept her apology at first, but gradually do after learning the book was really Jamie\'s personal journal. Jamie finds Connor just as he is leaving. She asks for his forgiveness and they kiss. They walk back into the dance, where Lenny performs a song dedicated to Jamie. After the dance, which was ocean-themed, Jamie invites everyone to eat at her parents\' pizza parlor. When Lenny rushes into the kitchen to help cook the pizza, his jacket, which was covered in seaweed from the dance, accidentally lands on some of the pizzas, covering them in seaweed. When the pizza is delivered to the customers, they love it, and Jamie\'s father finally figures out the secret of how to save their business, ending the film on a happy note.'] ['In 1950, a Hungarian couple, Peter and Margit, are forced to flee from their oppressive Communist country for the USA with their eldest daughter Maria. Unfortunately, they are forced to leave behind their infant daughter, Suzanne, who is raised by a kind foster couple. Five years later, Peter and Margit arrange for the American Red Cross to bring Suzanne to their new home in Los Angeles. There, the perplexed young girl is forced to accept her sudden change in home and country, which leads to a troubled upbringing. At age 15, Suzanne, rebellious and unsure of herself, tries to come to terms with her roots and decides to travel back to Budapest, Hungary, to unravel her past and to find her true identity.'] ['The film begins by following a tour group at a memorial museum dedicated to Nancy Archer. The patrons are shown a film with Dr. Loeb, who explains that the events surrounding Nancy Archer were true. Nancy was an heiress to her mother\'s fortune. Her father, Hamilton Cobb, hopes to use the money to gain control over the town they live in. Nancy sees her psychiatrist, Dr. Cushing, about her low self-esteem and bad marriage to Harry. Her husband frequently spends time with a mistress, Honey Parker, the town beautician. Despite her attempts to confront Harry, Nancy cannot express her anger in a healthy manner, allowing both her husband and father to take advantage of her. While driving one night out in the desert, she sees a UFO, which shines a bright light at her. Even though she knows she would be the town\'s laughing stock, she also knows what she saw was real. She finally convinces Harry to accompany her on another night time drive in the desert, but the UFO nowhere in sight. Suddenly, the ship descends from the sky. Getting out of the car for a closer look, Nancy is trapped by a bright light and disappears along with the UFO. Harry quietly returns to town and doesn\'t even report the kidnapping to the local authorities, Sheriff Denby and deputy Charlie. A dazed Nancy is later found atop of Honey\'s salon and is brought home. Her father is suspicious that Harry left her out in the desert while Harry denies any wrongdoing. Harry accuses Hamilton of neglecting his own wife after she was locked away at a sanitarium. As the two men argue, Nancy loses her temper, yelling that she can speak for herself and her mother. Suddenly, to everyone\'s surprise, she begins to grow, nearly bursting out of her clothes and smashing her head through the ceiling into the attic. The next morning Nancy is relocated to a large stable. There she is introduced to Dr. Loeb. He observed a hormonal surge that occurred during Nancy\'s growth. Scared, Nancy asks that he find a cure, while keeping it a secret. Unable to convince her to move to a "controlled, therapeutic environment," Dr. Loeb explains to Harry that Nancy\'s condition is unique and precarious. The strain of her heart to sustain her new size would make any stress too dangerous for her. This gives Harry an idea in order to get rid of her. As she grows Nancy becomes more self-confident and strong willed, empowered by her new strength over everyone else. Eventually, she invites Harry to dinner and discuss her physical, mental and emotional growth. She thinks it will make their marriage stronger and she has a number of other ideas. Harry, unhinged by Nancy\'s suggestions insults and angers her enough that she faints from the stress, crashing into the stable. Escaping to Honey\'s salon, he celebrates by offering her Nancy\'s diamond necklace. Nancy awakens and walks through the panicked town searching for Harry. Confronting Honey, she encourages her to look beyond her current situation and do more with her life. Capturing Harry, she flees into the desert with National Guard helicopters pursuing her. Stopped by some high voltage power lines and confronted by her father and the authorities, she asserts herself and announces her father\'s ambitions to buy out the town using her money. Due to a miscommunication from the sheriff , a sniper on the helicopter shoots Nancy. Taking a direct hit, she falls onto the power lines, but is rescued and taken away  by the UFO, proving her claims were real. The crowds disperse, with Honey making a business agreement with Hamilton. Dr. Cushing explains to the press that wherever Nancy is, she now has Harry all to herself. Inside the UFO, Harry is forced to undergo therapy with two other men under a tiny dome, watched over by Nancy and two other giantesses.'] ['Caught between a constricting budget and an inane American Intelligence Community, Canadian Secret Service agent Darryl Freehorn works as a liaison with the U.S. State Department to solve international conspiracies and busts American prescription drug smugglers. Freehorn is frequently met with skepticism by American officials when he introduces himself as an agent of the CSS, to which he always responds with "We have one, too." Costar Joanna Canton plays Naomi Lutz, a smitten assistant to Freehorn bucking for a job as a full-blown agent. Occasionally over-enthusiastic, in the pilot she cites her knowledge of the West Wing on NBC as her qualification for a trip to Washington, D.C.'] ['In the 1840s, the foppish Don Diego de la Vega returns from Spain to his family in California to find that his father has been replaced as ruler of the area by the a cruel ruler Don Luis Quintero. Despite being a skilled swordsman, Diego downplays his skills in front of the evil Captain Esteban and shows himself to be a bit of a clown in front of his family. However, Diego secretly picks up the sword of justice as Zorro and fights to return justice to the region and his people.'] ["The film revolves around the humble beginnings of the band, their rise to stardom, drummer Rick Allen's car accident, Steve Clark's battle with alcoholism and the making of their most successful album to date, Hysteria."] ['Dorothy Gale ([[Ashanti  is a young woman living in a trailer park in Kansas. She desperately wishes to leave home and become a famous singer, but her dreams of becoming one appear impossible. One day, after completing her shift at the diner run by her Aunt Em  and Uncle Henry , she overhears that the Muppets are looking for a female singer for a cross-country "Star Hunt." Aunt Em disapproves, but with Uncle Henry\'s best wishes, she goes to the audition, arriving late and only managing to give the Muppets a demo CD that she created beforehand. In returning home, the tornado sirens sound, and one hits her family\'s area. When Aunt Em and Uncle Henry run into the county storm shelter for safety, Dorothy hurries back to her family\'s mobile home to get Toto, her pet prawn. She does not make it out in time, and the two are swept by the tornado across the vast fields of Kansas. When Dorothy climbs out of the wreckage, she finds that Toto can talk and that she is no longer in Kansas. Dorothy and Toto discover that they are in Munchkinland, a small town part of the vast Land of Oz. After discussing her situation with the town\'s people the Munchkins , she learns that the land\'s ruler the Wizard, has the power to grant her wish of becoming a famous singer. She meets the Good Witch of the North , and receives a pair of magic silver slippers from the Wicked Witch of the East , the Witch of the North\'s sister who was killed when Dorothy\'s trailer fell on her. Soon after, she embarks on a journey with Toto on the yellow brick road to meet the Wizard of Oz, who lives in the Emerald City, the capital of Oz. On her journey, she meets three creatures: a Scarecrow , a Tin Thing , and a Cowardly Lion . They are also seeking the Wizard of Oz to give them a brain, heart, and courage, respectively. The group meets various obstacles involving a deep gorge where the Kalidah Critics  are heckling them and a Poppy Field Club run by Clifford which nearly puts them to sleep. After arriving at the Emerald City and meeting the Wizard, Dorothy and her friends are sent to retrieve the Wicked Witch of the West\'s magic eye, a tool she uses to see anything she desires in the Land of Oz. The group assumes that completing this task will result in the granting of their wishes. The Wicked Witch of the West  sees them coming and consults with her pet Foo-Foo and her henchman Johnny Fiama. When the Wicked Witch of the West plans to have either her pack of 40 great wolves, a flock of 40 crows, and a swarm of black bees to do away with them, Johnny Fiama tells her that the animals that work for her are unavailable. This resorts to the Wicked Witch of the West using her Magic Biker Cap to call Sal Minella and the other Flying Monkeys  to deal with them. Miss Piggy and the Winged Monkeys capture Dorothy and Cowardly Lion while the Scarecrow and the Tin Thing are dismantled by the Winged Monkeys. After being threatened to be killed by her, Toto calls the Munchkins, who set Dorothy free and repair Scarecrow and Tin Thing. During the final battle, it cuts away to a scene where Quentin Tarantino is discussing with Kermit on ideas for Dorothy to defeat the Wicked Witch of the West. When Quentin\'s ideas are too violent, they agree for Dorothy to do a powerful kick on the Wicked Witch of the West. Cutting back to the action, Dorothy kicks the Wicked Witch of the West into her own "bottled water bath" which contains tap water which she is severely allergic to. This action causes her to melt as Johnny Fiama averts Foo-Foo\'s eyes. With the Wicked Witch of the West dead, Dorothy finds the magic eye unharmed and floating in the tub and grabs it. After gaining control of the Flying Monkeys upon giving Sal Minella back the group\'s Magic Biker Cap, Dorothy travels back to the Emerald City to have her and her friends\' wishes granted. When they all storm into the Wizard\'s room, they discover that the Wizard  is just an ordinary man pretending to be someone he isn\'t. He asked for the witch\'s eye so that she could not see him for who he really was. Even so, he still proceeds to grant their wishes. Dorothy finally becomes a singer in the Land of Oz, but realizes that all she ever really wanted was to go back home and be with her family. After traveling back to Munchkinland, she meets Glind the Good Witch of the South , who tells her that if she clicks her heels together three times, she will be able to go anywhere she desires. She does so, saying "take me home to Aunt Em". She is then spun by the slippers\' charm into Kansas, and, much to her surprise, she finds out that Kermit was looking for her, saying that she had the best voice they heard on the whole search, and that she has been chosen to go on the Star Hunt. Dorothy, having been reunited with her aunt and uncle, and feeling that she is not ready to leave Kansas to become a real star, rejects, but Aunt Em says that she wants her to go with the Muppets on their Star Hunt, much to her even bigger surprise. She then sings "It\'s a Good Life" on television with them as the film ends.'] ["Trudie is an aspiring painter stuck working as a restaurant waitress. With the pressure to please her parents building, a job interview that goes poorly and getting dumped by her boyfriend, she has a nervous breakdown. Stressed about going home for the holidays alone, she kidnaps David Martin, a random customer at the restaurant in which she works and introduces him to her parents as her boyfriend, Nick. Trudie's family is vacationing at a very isolated house miles away from anything, so David is unable to escape . He finally decides to play along until the police come, but he ultimately falls in love with Trudie and understands why she felt forced to kidnap him in the first place. But this Christmas holiday comes to an abrupt end when her brother announces that he is gay and her sister says that she has disenrolled in Law School and with the tuition her dad has been sending her bought a pilates studio and then police show up and arrest the family during dinner. Before he was kidnapped, David had a successful job and a beautiful, rich girlfriend. During his time with Trudie and her family, he realizes his life has developed into something he did not intend. After the police show up at Christmas dinner and arrest the family, he decides not to press charges. Trudie does not see or hear from David for a few months, but sees his engagement announcement in the newspaper. Trudie is invited to show her art at a local art gallery and is stunned to see one of her pieces is sold during the show. As she is leaving the show, she is kidnapped and taken to a nearby building. Her kidnapper turns out to be David. He tells her he bought this building and is making it into an architecture/art studio. He decided to turn his life around and do something he really loves...architecture. He also wanted an art studio and shows her his first art piece he just purchased, and it turns out to be hers. David admits his love for Trudie and Trudie admits her feelings towards him as well. They share a kiss as the credits start to roll."] ['Allie Pennington  is a transfer student at Avalon High. On her way to class, she sees an innocent kid, Miles  getting bullied by Marco , the "evil" stepbrother of William "Will" Wagner , the star quarterback and practically the most popular guy at Avalon. Fortunately, Will comes to the rescue, demanding Marco to leave Miles alone or else. European History teacher Mr. Moore breaks the class up into pairs and has them draw research paper topics out of an Arthurian helmet. Miles is paired with Allie, who draws the Order of the Bear. After school, Allie tries out for the school track team and impresses the coaches. Later that evening, Miles comes to Allie\'s house to study. Following Mr. Moore\'s advice, the two ask Allie\'s parents—professors of medieval literature at the local university—about the Order of Bear. Allie\'s mother tells them that the Order of the Bear is a group of people who believe that King Arthur will one day be reincarnated. Skeptically, Allie asks when this is supposed to take place; her mother replies that Arthur will return when he is needed to lead the world out of darkness. While he shares Allie\'s skepticism, her father goes on to explain that the forces of evil—led by Arthur\'s evil step brother Mordred—will also be returning to spoil the revival of Camelot and ensure that darkness triumphs. The next day, after class with Mr. Moore, he asks her if she found any information on the Order of the Bear. Allie tells him that she finds it doubtful that there will be a reincarnation of King Arthur. However, like Allie\'s mom, Mr. Moore too believes that King Arthur will be reincarnated. Allie suggests that she could bring the prophecy tomorrow for him, though he declines. On their way to the cafeteria, Allie spots Lance and Jen flirting with each other. But they immediately back away from each other when they notice that Allie caught them flirting with each other. After school, Allie goes running around the school when her cap falls off. Coincidentally, it ends up in Will\'s hands. Will admits that he feels too much pressure from everyone counting on him to win the game and, but Allie comforts him and invites Will to her house for dinner. The next day, Will has a party to celebrate them winning the game where she sees Jen and Lance together holding hands in a room all by themselves. Allie takes a second look but Jen and Lance see her and Allie runs away, Jen goes after Allie wanting to explain what was going on. Somehow, Jen knows about their reincarnation when she talks to Ally about her betrayal with her first love back in time and her love affair with Lance. Despite understanding Jen missing home, her pain, and torn heart, Ally can not accept the fact that she\'s hurting Will. She tries to make Allie promise not to tell Will but Allie runs away before she promises Jen anything. Jen feels hurt and confused and doesn\'t know what to do. The next day, Allie brings the book for Mr. Moore to read. Throughout the day, she tries to avoid talking Will due to the pleading looks of Jen and Lance they keep giving her. Marco also warns Allie about telling Will about Jen and Lance. However, the Will meets up with her while running and become closer. At the game, Lance is temporarily distracted by Jen\'s cheerleading, allowing Will to get hit by the opposing team. This cost them the game, and possibly the state championship. Afterwards, Allie sits with him by the field, intending to tell him of Jen\'s betrayal, but Marco interrupts her. That night, Miles comes to her house and hesitantly reveals that he can see in to the future. He came to tell her that there is a hidden page in the book on the Order of the Bear. They learn that the coming of Arthur is on a night of an eclipse and a meteor shower, the day of the big game. The book also warns of the coming of Mordred, who intends to destroy his half-brother Arthur. After getting more insight from her parents, they begin to suspect Marco may be Mordred. Allie also begins to think that Miles may be Merlin, but he begs to differ. The next day, they have a big exam. Marco plants a cheat sheet on the bottom of Will\'s shoe. Mr. Moore almost gives him detention but decides to give him benefit of the doubt. However his team resents him for the incident. They no longer respect his authority as team captain. Later that day, Allie reveals to Mr. Moore that she believes that Will is King Arthur and asks for his help in protecting him. In the chemistry lab, Miles and Allie\'s experiment goes wrong due to tampering, and Marco warns them about meddling. On the night of the game, Will sees Jen kiss Lance. Will gets in his car and drives away. Allie runs after him to the same spot where the first talked. Someone pushes her down. She tells Will that fate is involved in what happened. That he is King Arthur. He gets mistaken and thinks that its a metaphor. After her speech he gets courage to win the game despite what happened. Will speeds off without giving Allie a chance to explain. At the game, just when he\'s about to play, its lights out because the eclipse and meteor shower have begun. Lights come back up and game continues, but his line men don\'t defend him properly. At halftime, Will speaks with Lance, and the two mend their friendship. Will also gives a pep talk to his team and forgives Jen, but he forgets his helmet in the locker room. Before he goes back to get it, he tells Allie to meet him after the game, but he doesn\'t come back to play. Allie and Miles go looking for him in the locker room but can\'t find him there. Miles sees Will in a vision in the theater room. They find Marco on the ground and Will injured, but Will says it wasn\'t Marco that hurt him. Mr Moore comes out of the audience seating and tells them he himself is actually Mordred. As Mr. Moore tries to kill them, Marco pushes Mr. Moore off the stage. Allie does not understand how Mr. Moore is Mordred. While Marco explains, Mr. Moore regains his power through his cane/staff and fully transforms into Mordred. With his power through his cane attacks the four. To defend Will, Allie picks a toy sword by a box and holding it she turns that into a real sword by the legend that "any sword, in King Arthur\'s hands becomes Excalibur. They find out that Allie is really the reincarnation of King Arthur. After being transported back into their original time period, Allie  goes head to head with Mr. Moore . He taunts her saying that a girl can\'t be Arthur. He thought Allie was the Lady of the Lake. The two forces clash, Allie and her knights  against Mordred and his men. Miles  reclaims his staff. Enraged, Mordred pulls out his own sword and begins to messily. Allie knocks his sword away, and wins the battle. The group transports back to the stage where a police man comes to kick them out. Mr Moore tries to frame Allie, but she tosses the sword to Miles where it turns back into a toy sword. Despite Mr. Moore\'s attempts, the police man doesn\'t believe that Allie is King Arthur. Will rushes off to the football field. Mr. Moore is last seen being taken away by the police, and Miles accepts that he\'s Merlin. Before they go back to the game, Marco bows to Allie, "Her Highness." Back at the game, twelve seconds are left when Will returns. Allie and Miles return to the stands where her parents -having missed all the action- wonder if Arthur\'s return was just a story. After Will\'s flawless touchdown, Avalon High wins the football game 36 to 35. The team celebrates putting Will on their shoulders, but Will runs to Allie. The two share a kiss. Lance and Jen get together, and Miles gets his girl as well. In the end the fierce group officially return to their time period where Allie, Will, Jen, Marco, Lance and Miles meet again at the Round Table as the people they were originally to be.'] ["New York City waitress Virginia Lewis and her father, Tony, follow a Golden Retriever named Prince through Central Park and enter a magical traveling mirror that sends them to a fairy tale world known as The Nine Kingdoms. The dog is actually a transformed Prince Wendell, grandson of the late Queen Snow White and future leader of the 4th Kingdom. However, Prince's wicked stepmother the Evil Queen has placed an imposter on the throne and plans to take over all of the Nine Kingdoms. At first, Tony and Virginia are desperate to get home, but must face many dangers. They are accompanied by Prince and a half-wolf  who has fallen in love with Virginia at first sight. The group is pursued by a relentless Huntsman who works for the Evil Queen and seeks to capture Prince. Virginia eventually meets the ghost of Snow White, who reveals she is destined to save the Nine Kingdoms. Tony also recognizes the Evil Queen as his long lost wife and Virginia’s mother. They travel to the castle to stop the Evil Queen, but Wolf seems to have betrayed Tony and Virginia. The Evil Queen has her imposter Prince Wendell crowned king and then tries to poison all the monarchs who attend the ceremony. Luckily, Wolf switches the poison for a sleeping potion and everyone escapes unharmed. Virginia must kill the Evil Queen in self-defense, which pains her greatly. The real Prince Wendell turns back into a human and takes the throne. Grateful to Tony for all his help, Prince Wendell offers him a job at the palace and Tony accepts. Virginia returns Wolf’s love and they travel to New York City as a couple and expectant parents."] ["Oliver Twist is born at the workhouse of Mr. Bumble, where he is left an orphan as his mother dies shortly after giving birth to him. Mr. Bumble, just as he does with all his other orphans, puts Oliver to daily work, giving him in exchange little more than a daily bowl of porridge. One day, outraged that Oliver would dare supplicate for more food, Mr. Bumble sells the boy to Mr. Sowerberry, an undertaker, who makes him an apprentice at his funeral home. There, Oliver is humiliated and insulted by Noah, Mr. Sowerberry's other apprentice. Tired of this life, Oliver runs away from the funeral home and heads for the city of London where he meets the Artful Dodger. The Artful Dodger takes Oliver to the home of Fagin, a seemingly kind old man who turns homeless boys into shameless pickpockets. There, Oliver is trained to wander the streets stealing from ladies and gentlemen. When Oliver witnesses the Artful Dodger and another boy named Charlie stealing the handkerchief of Mr. Brownlow as he browses the books at a street bookshop, Oliver flees. The suspicious act on Oliver's part arouses the attention of Mr. Brownlow and accuses him of theft. When caught, Oliver is taken before a magistrate treated as a cold-blooded criminal and sentenced. Mr. Brownlow confronts the magistrate, telling him that his sentence is too harsh and that he never did see Oliver actually steal the piece of cloth. Mr. Brownlow takes a liking towards Oliver and invites him to live in his home. Mr. Monks, a sinister man, seeks information about Oliver from Mr. and Mrs. Bumble, when they present him with a locket that the old nurse Sally had taken from Oliver's mother. Mr. Monks wishes Oliver to be involved in a crime and imprisoned, so he may claim the inheritance that is rightfully Oliver's."] ["Emily Delahunty  is an eccentric British romance novelist who lives in Umbria in central Italy. One day while travelling, the train she is on is bombed by terrorists. After she wakes up in a hospital, she invites three of the other survivors of the disaster to stay at her Italian villa for recuperation. Of these are The General, a retired British Army veteran, Werner, a young German man, and Aimee, a young American girl who has now become mute after her parents were both killed in the explosion. As the group recovers from their ordeal , the explosion is being investigated by Inspector Girotti, a local policeman. Responding to the warmth and kindness of Mrs Delahunty and the others, Aimee begins to speak again, while the local authorities seek out any relatives who might be able to take her in. They eventually locate her uncle, Tom Riversmith, a university professor in the U.S. He agrees to take Aimee back to the U.S. to live with his wife and himself, though they have little time for raising children and are particularly concerned about trying to raise a child who has been through such a traumatic experience as well as the Professor who had no experience raising children. Mrs Delahunty works hard to find common ground with Aimee's uncle and eventually convinces him to leave Aimee with her in Italy rather than taking the child back to America to a loveless home. Meanwhile, Inspector Girotti discovers that Werner was involved in the terrorist attack on the train. The plot departs substantially from that of Trevor's somber novella."] ["Kay Woodbury is a powerful and tough judge who has not spoken to her father since he tried to involve her in a scam. At her latest case, she deals with Sally Powell, a troubled and rebellious teenager who has been in several foster homes in her life. Feeling abandoned by her biological parents, she expresses her anger to anyone who tries to grow close to her. She is given up by her latest foster parents and, because there are not any replacements available, she is put in juvenile prison. Sympathizing with her, Kay decides to take Sally into her home. Sally is initially reluctant to trust Kay and steals some of Kay's jewelry. She pawns it off in the hopes of getting enough money to move to San Francisco with her boyfriend, who is a typical bad boy. However, it only earns them $200. Kay and Sally soon grow to like each other, and Kay is especially impressed with Sally's intelligence. Sally especially seems to enjoy chess. Sally tries to help Kay impress her ex-husband Davis, who is about to marry a much younger woman. Meanwhile, Kay is going through Sally's files and finds out her biological father, James, lives near her home. She contacts him for landscaping work and they soon befriend each other. Kay does not tell him about Sally. Later, when Kay tells him, he argues with her and refuses to talk to his daughter, claiming that she would not accept him. Sally, meanwhile, has found her files and feels betrayed by Kay, as she always made clear that she has no interest in meeting her biological parents. She steals more of Kay's jewelry and runs away with her boyfriend. Her boyfriend, instead of simply selling the jewelry, robs the pawn shop and involves Sally without a warning. Upset, she demands that he drop her off, and he leaves without her. Sally returns home and is welcomed back by Kay. In the end, she decides to give her father a second chance."] ['{{plot}} The main narrative is set in a mythical land where, about 300 years before, two princes named Lock and Delphus fought for their father\'s throne. Although, Lock killed Delphus in single combat, their father\'s kingdom of Vallon was torn into rival nations, Lockland and Delphi. The story flashes forward from this prologue to the eve of Lockland\'s destruction, when the castle is besieged and the crown prince killed by invading Delphites. Against the counsel of the prince\'s sister Amelia , their father, the Locklander king, turns to his chief sorcerer Armand  in despair. The sorcerer convinces the king to give him a handful of his blood with which to animate a stone statue of a gryphon, a flying beast that is the totem of Lockland. Using the blood to bind the gryphon to him, Armand first orders it to break the Delphite siege, then betrays his king and calls it back to attack the Locklanders in a coup. It is seen that the sorcerer suffers the physical effects of any attack against the gryphon, but regenerates almost immediately due to his bond with the beast. Princess Amelia escapes during the takeover and pursues the retreating Locklanders, led the Delphite prince Seth , who had been in the vanguard of the besieging forces. Having inherited the gift of magical visions from his parents, the prince is advised by his mother Cassandra , a sorceress, to seek an artifact called the Draconian Pike, the only weapon that can kill the gryphon. His mother warns him that he must retrieve the two halves of the pike and reassemble it to kill the gryphon before a solar eclipse occurs in two weeks, or Armand will be able to enact a ritual that makes himself and the beast immortal. Amelia and her retinue capture Seth and his man-at-arms, David , during a night raid on their camp in a location called The Valley of the Dead. They locate the haft of the Draconian Pike in a centuries-old temple. Fending off an attack by the gryphon by means of "dragon\'s fire" , they escape and move on to seeking the blade. Meanwhile, Armand attempts to foment mistrust between the two rival nations by killing a Locklander messenger and sending his body to Amelia\'s father, a threat against her life magically scored into his chest. The king of Lockland calls for his armor and mounts a counter-invasion of Delphi. Meanwhile, Amelia confronts Seth at knife-point in his tent, demanding that he tell her where the blade is, but she lets her guard down momentarily and he takes advantage, seizing the knife; they fall into an amorous embrace. That same night, Armand sends his two magic-wielding brides, Daphne and Kyra, to seduce one of the Locklander soldiers into stealing the haft piece from Amelia and Seth. When Seth and Amelia find it gone the next morning, they decide to send messengers to their respective parents to muster the combined armies of Lockland and Delphi. Amelia and her remaining knights attack Armand\'s lair, while Seth and his retainer David enter a magically-warded labyrinth to retrieve the blade. The two kings call a truce and their armies prepare for a massed assault, while the gryphon prepares to destroy them. Queen Cassandra of Delphi bids her husband farewell and rides into the deserted stronghold of the enemy. Once Seth retrieves the blade, he rushes to the sorcerer\'s lair to confront him, but finds his path blocked by the sorcerer\'s brides. Cassandra tells her son to leave the sorceresses to her and go to dispatch the gryphon, sacrificing herself in a magical strike against them. Meanwhile, Armand has captured Amelia and killed the Locklander knight champion, and demands that she become his bride. Seth and David arrive and fight with the sorcerer, but soon loses the blade of the Draconian Pike. Assembling the pike, Armand kills David and prepares to kill the Delphite Prince, but is persuaded to spare him by the surrender of Amelia. As the eclipse begins, Armand proclaims that he will soon become an immortal and that his progeny with Amelia will be the new Titans. As he walks away from the defeated Delphite Prince, his hand touches Amelia\'s belly and he realizes that she is already pregnant with the prince\'s child. Furious, he rejects her and prepares to kill them both. A struggle ensues and Armand again knocks the prince to his knees, but is unable to deliver the coup de grace because the Delphite queen\'s spirit still protects her son. The sorcerer calls the gryphon down on the prince, to whom the princess tosses the Draconian Pike. It appears as if Seth is charging for the sorcerer, but instead hops onto a rock and turns just in time to level the pike at the stooping gryphon, impaling it. The gryphon reverts to stone and shatters as it falls to the ground, while the sorcerer dissolves into a pool of blood. The armies of Lockland and Delphi rejoice at their deliverance, cheering as Amelia and Seth raise the reassembled Draconian Pike overhead to symbolize the reunion of the sundered kingdoms of Vallon. In a voice over, Amelia proclaims that the curse of civil war has been lifted.'] ['The movie starts with Nicole Lauker saying good-bye to her husband as he and his friend leave to go fishing for three days. As the night comes, the door-bell rings and Nicole answers. It is the police. They say that the boat has been crashed by a bomb and Evan  is dead. They believe the death was contrived and suspect that Evan was possibly dealing with illegal substances, drugs. Nicole is devastated and refuses to believe that her husband has any connection with drugs. That night she gets a call from somebody that was going to go with Evan on the trip but was delayed. He tells her to find "the money" or the men Evan betrayed will kill her, too. As she is searching for the money, she finds an envelope to an address in Detroit. She goes to her friend\'s house and makes her friend dress like her so the suspicious FBI will follow her while Nicole goes to find the man at the address. When she gets there, she discovers that Evan was cheating on her with a woman named Zoe, who has an exact replica of a bird statue that Evan gave her for an anniversary. Set on finding Evan, Nicole, Zoe, and Zoe\'s friend Mac go to the art museum where the statue was bought from and find that Evan is alive, living under another name and address. They go to his house, he kidnaps them, and takes them on his boat. When Evan tries to kill Zoe, Nicole shoots him with a harpoon.'] ['The TV movie is about a woman - Beth Hammersmith , who attends Fallbridge College for Girls under the name Karen Oxford, to find out why her sister, who attended the college, is believed to have committed suicide. Once she\'s enrolled she soon discovers a satanic cult of witches who call themselves "The Five", who want Beth to join the cult. The Dean is played by Kate Jackson, who was a student in the original 1973 version.'] ["The movie is about the final nine months of Gary Gilmore's life. In April 1976, Gilmore, 35, was released from prison after serving 12 years for robbery in Indiana. He was flown to Utah to live with Brenda Nicol, a distant cousin of his who tries to help him find work. Gilmore soon meets and becomes romantically involved with Nicole Baker, a 19-year-old widow with two young children. Despite his efforts to reform himself, Gilmore's self-destructive behavior leads to him getting into fights, stealing items from stores and abusing drugs. After Nicole breaks up with him, he murders two men in two separate robberies. Gilmore is turned in by his cousin and is sentenced to death. Gilmore becomes a national media sensation after he fights to have his execution performed as soon as possible. On January 17, 1977, Gilmore is executed by the method he chose, firing squad, making him the first person to be judicially executed in the United States since Luis Monge died in the Colorado gas chamber June 2, 1967."] ['Abram  lives in Haran, a rich city. His wife Sarah  is childless, and their only heir is Eliezer of Damascus. One day he hears the voice of God, who says that he must leave Haran and travel to an unknown land. God promises to make a great nation from him and renames him Abraham . The pattern for the plot is the Genesis chapters 11-25.'] ["Mourning her husband's recent death, Dr. Belinda Simpson ([[Sarah Jones  arrives in the tiny town of Sikeston to fill the post of town physician. Once there she discovers that many of the town’s residents, including children at an orphanage run by Miss Hattie Clarence , have fallen ill or died from an unknown ailment. She soon wonders if she's in over her head, despite reassurances from her best friend Annie  and Lee, the town blacksmith. Sikeston's residents are distrustful of Belinda's abilities as a doctor because she's a woman. Many of them don't even want her to help the orphans, whom they blame for infecting the rest of the town; some would be happy to see the orphanage close altogether. Opposed by what seems like the entire town, Belinda must trust in her abilities, her friends, and her faith to guide her."] ["Taking place after the series, the story opens in Bellwood as a mysterious figure appears and immediately starts destroying things. Ben Tennyson ([[Graham Phillips , in the form of Heatblast (voiced by [[David Franklin , confronts him. After a short battle, Ben seemingly obliterates the villain. The next day, Ben goes back to school, and has trouble adjusting to normal life again. After a bad day he gets bullied by Cash  and JT  and two girls he tried to flirt with earlier in the movie resulting in Greymatter  causing complete chaos at a diner where Ms. Dalton  works. Later he and Gwen Tennyson  go over and reveals the same villain Ben defeated earlier. Max Tennyson  identifies him as Eon , an alien the Plumbers captured almost two centuries ago. When he arrived, he was half dead and brought a device with him called the Hands of Armageddon, which would open a time rift to the alien's home dimension and unleash his race upon Earth if activated. They travel to the containment facility where Eon is supposed to be kept in suspended animation, only to find it empty and his guardian aged to near-death. Traveling back to Bellwood, Max takes Ben and Gwen to the location of the Hands of Armageddon, guarded by the few remaining Plumbers ranging from Ms. Dalton, Mr. Hawkins the Postman , Fire Chief Whittington , Principal White , Mrs. Carlay the Plant Caregiver, Mr. Jenyx the Telephone Company Worker, and Mr. Enguells the Sanitation Worker. Eon has followed them and breaks into the facility, but cannot activate the device. When Ben attempts to use the Omnitrix, it malfunctions, glowing purple and refusing to activate. Eon attempts to kidnap Ben, claiming it to be a rescue, but Ben escapes. Eon manages to corner Ben, explaining that his race learned to control time itself, but trapped themselves by misusing their power. He claims that his fate is intertwined with Ben's. Eon is scared off by an old man  who happens to be another Plumber before he can elaborate. Grandpa Max decides it would be best for Ben to leave Bellwood so that Eon won't find him, but Ben bravely refuses and they both come to a deal where Ben will be monitored daily by a Plumber in disguise. The Plumbers, all around town, guard Ben around the clock. When Ben goes to the school gym to be alone, Principal White attempts to calm Ben's fears just when Eon arrives again and shoves White out of the way. This time, Ben is able to become Diamondhead  and fight him off. Later on that day, Ben decides to lure Eon into a trap by purposefully leaving himself open, but this backfires and he is captured along with Gwen and Max after the Rustbucket is destroyed. At the Plumber facility storing the Hands of Armageddon, Eon explains some of the background of the Omnitrix: Ben can only remain in his alien forms for ten minutes at a time, a failsafe to prevent them from overwhelming his personality. Eon knows how to deactivate the failsafe, and in doing so can resurrect himself through the Omnitrix. He does so, and Ben is transformed into a younger version of Eon. The older one retreats since there are now two of him. Reborn, Eon activates the Hands of Armageddon. Meanwhile, Principal White has gotten out of the nurse's office and finds the imprisoned Plumbers. When trying to find the key to that room, they point to the button near the door which freed them all. Gwen and Max manage to free themselves and work to stop him. While Max tries to disable the time rift, potentially at the cost of his own life, Gwen appeals to Ben inside Eon. Ben successfully overcomes Eon, and with the help of the other Plumbers manages to save Max and disable the time rift, sending Eon's race back to their own dimension. Just when it seems like they've won, time stops for everyone but Ben. The older Eon reappears, angered at Ben's victory. Ben transforms into Wildmutt  and fights him off, eventually knocking him into the Hands of Armageddon, destroying both the Hands and Eon. After doing an impromptu magic trick for the school talent show, using Wildmutt's timely de-transformation and a well placed stage curtain, Ben finally accepts being just Ben for a while. However, Max points out that aliens are persistent, and as the film ends, an alien ship flies towards Earth."] ['Fact-based story of undercover DEA agent Enrique Camarena  who, while stationed in Guadalajara, uncovered a massive marijuana operation in Northern Mexico that led to his death and a remarkable investigation of corruption within the Mexican government. At least four of the principal actors in Drug Wars: The Camarena Story later starred in the Academy Award-winning film Traffic, a film that also deals with the subject of the ongoing drug trade between the United States and Mexico. In a somewhat interesting reversal of roles, in Drug Wars actors Miguel Ferrer and Steven Bauer both play DEA agents while Benicio del Toro and Eddie Velez play drug traffickers; in Traffic, Ferrer and Bauer both play drug traffickers, while del Toro and Velez play a Mexican federal narcotics agent and a DEA agent.'] ['In 1987, Doris Duke, considered the wealthiest woman in the world, hires Bernard Lafferty, who lists Elizabeth Taylor and Peggy Lee as former employers on his résumé, as her majordomo. He explains a six-month gap in his employment history was due to "health issues," a euphemism for time spent in rehab to deal with his addiction to alcohol. He assures Doris, who immediately suspects the truth, he is capable of performing his duties without any problems. As Bernard moves in, the viewer can quickly tell he is a little neurotic, first putting portraits of his former employers, Taylor and Lee, in his bedroom, then informing the rest of the staff he is now "Miss Duke\'s eyes and ears" and demanding they listen to him. Despite Bernard\'s growing affection for Doris, the brash and often crude Doris thinks little of him, not even remembering how to correctly pronounce his name. However, their situation slowly evolves into a more emotionally intimate but non-physical relationship as Doris returns from a plastic surgery center one evening, drunk and on painkillers, and is aided by Bernard who stays with her through the night. Doris teaches Bernard about horticulture, especially the care of orchids, and he takes control of the operation of her various households during her frequent long absences. Bernard himself enjoys tending the home and making sure things are in their correct order. The first time his sexuality is questioned is when he peers at Doris\'s much younger lover playing the piano in his underwear. In the greenhouse, Doris flirts with him, telling him belly dancing is a form of seduction and then performing a dance for him. Bernard tentatively informs her that he "swings in the other direction." Doris encourages him to tone down his severe dress and wear brighter colors. Doris begins to take Bernard with her on her world tours and convinces him to pierce his ear. During this time, they grow closer, and Doris begins to favor him among everyone else. Also, whenever Doris is mentioned in newspapers, we see Bernard cutting them out of the newspapers and keeping them for himself. Doris begins to spend more time with Bernard, and at one point attempts to seduce him. When Bernard backs away, Doris questions him: "I don\'t get it. You don\'t fuck me, you don\'t steal from me. So what do you want from me?", to which Bernard answers, "I want to take care of you, Miss Duke." As the two become closer and Bernard becomes more relaxed, he begins to drink again, initially with discretion but eventually to an extent that it begins to hinder his performance. Rather than dismiss him, as she always has done with employees who displeased her in the past, Doris has him committed for more rehab at her expense despite his having consumed large amounts of her expensive, vintage wines. Doris suffers a stroke, and Bernard returns to take full control of her life. In order to humor her—and to indulge his own proclivities—Bernard wears her makeup, jewelry, and haute couture and begins to affect a more feminine demeanor. One evening, Doris tells Bernard what she wants him to do after she dies, and a tearful Bernard promises he will perform her requests. Doris\'s smile fades and she tells him, "I must really be crazy to believe a fucker like you," suggesting that she still resents him for stealing from her. Meanwhile, Bernard tries to keep attorney and economic advisor Waldo Taft away from Doris, hanging up on him whenever he calls. Taft dislikes and distrusts Lafferty enough to have offered him $500,000 to leave his position in the past. Taft calls the police to Doris\'s estate, but Doris tells the police officer that Bernard is only "peacefully devoted above and beyond the call of duty," prompting the officer to leave and blame Taft for being jealous. However, Taft encourages Doris to hire a live-in nurse. Although Doris\'s faith and trust in Bernard cannot be shaken, she agrees to hire a nurse, which Bernard is very unhappy about. Eventually, he convinces her to not hire a nurse, instead taking care of her himself and only occasionally inviting a doctor to give her checkups. A while later, Bernard gives a very sick Doris her medicine and injection before putting her to bed, and she dies that night. Before her death, however, she appoints him executor of her massive estate. In his first meeting with her board of directors following Doris\'s cremation, a now obviously effete Bernard appears confident and in control, dressed in a style and acting in a manner that is peculiarly similar to Doris\'s at the beginning of the film. As he waters the orchids in her garden, we are told that there were accusations against him saying that he murdered Doris, but no evidence was found. We are also told, he died from complications related to his alcoholism three years later.'] ['Set during the Civil Rights Movement, Charlie Roberts is a militant African American attorney from New York City falsely accused of murder during a demonstration in rural Texas. Escaping from his captors, Charlie breaks into a vacant coastal vacation home, where he encounters white Marlene Chambers, an uneducated, prejudiced, unwed pregnant teenager who has been shunned by her father and boyfriend due to her pregnancy, and who sought refuge in the vacant home a few weeks before Charlie arrives. Realizing their survival depends upon their willingness to help each other, their relationship, at first defined by mutual contempt, prejudice, and hostility, slowly evolves into a touching friendship.'] ['In 1998, the family of the late Roger Maris are preparing to go to Busch Stadium to watch Mark McGwire of the St. Louis Cardinals break their father\'s record with 62 home runs. Before the game, Maris\' widow, Pat, is hospitalized due to complications from arrhythmia and watches the game on television from a hospital bed. Decades earlier in 1961, Maris is presented with the Most Valuable Player award for the 1960 baseball season. Mantle is the team\'s superstar. As the season begins, Mantle starts off hot, Maris not. Roger thinks he might be traded, but new manager Ralph Houk decides to have Mantle and Maris switch places in the Yankees batting order to see if it helps. It does and Maris begins to hit home runs at a record pace. Mickey keeps pace and it becomes clear that both "M&M Boys" are going to make a run at the Babe\'s record. Mickey\'s life off the field is taking a toll on his playing. He drinks, enjoys the Manhattan nightlife and goes to the ballpark hung over. More than once, pitcher Whitey Ford has to bail him out or sober him up. Maris and teammate/roommate Bob Cerv invite Mantle to move in with them in a modest apartment in Queens to stay out of trouble, with one condition: no women. New York\'s fans and media are pulling for the popular and personable Mickey, a long-time Yankee. The quieter Roger is viewed as an outsider, aloof and unworthy. As they get closer to the record, MLB Commissioner Ford Frick, who also happened to be Babe Ruth\'s admirer and ghostwriter, makes a decision. Unless the record is broken in 154 games , the new record would be listed separately from Ruth\'s record, because MLB\'s season is now 162 games long. Contrary to popular belief  there was never any "asterisk" involved or mentioned in real life. It appears Mantle is not going to make it. His health deteriorates and he plays in pain. The relationship is taking a toll on Maris, too. Pressure is mounting and Maris feels antagonism from all sides. Roger is not accustomed to the kind of attention that Mickey gets every day. Mickey is more easy-going and knows how to handle the press. The fans heckle Maris, even throw objects at him on the field. The press dissect or distort everything he does and says. Maris is getting hate mail and even death threats. His wife lives far from New York, usually available only by phone. The stress is so great that Roger\'s hair begins to fall out in clumps. The Yankees owner also tries to favor Mantle by asking Houk to switch Mantle and Maris in the batting order. Houk refuses, saying the lineup he has is winning for him, even remarking sharply, "The right guy is going to break that stupid record!" Chronic injury and alcohol abuse catch up with Mickey and an ill-advised shot by a doctor infects his hip and lands him in a hospital bed. Now the record is all Roger\'s to get. He comes up just shy in the 154th game of the season, but he does finally hit the record-breaking 61st home run on the last day of the season. According to a voiceover , during the end credits, no asterisk was ever officially placed next to Roger\'s feat, due to separate records being created for the 154 and 162 game seasons. It is revealed that in 1991, six years after Roger\'s death, baseball\'s then-Commissioner Fay Vincent decided that a season is a season and separate records would no longer be kept, making Maris the only record holder.'] ["The film documents the events that saw a French Captain, Alfred Dreyfus, sent to Devil's Island for espionage near the end of the nineteenth century. Colonel Georges Picquart  is given the job of justifying Dreyfus' sentence. Instead, he discovers that Dreyfus , a Jew, was merely a convenient scapegoat for the actions of the true culprit, a member of the French General staff. His attempt to right the wrong sees his military career ended and the famous French author, Emile Zola , found guilty of libel."] ['Allan  is suffering from hysterical blindness following a fire that killed his father and scarred his sister Katherine . Returning home after months in a hospital, Allan begins to hear his name being whispered and partially sees a dark figure coming to get him. Is he crazy or is someone really out to get him?'] ['This is the story of a raven, considered by ornithologists to be the most intelligent of birds, who through its antics disrupts a family, even to causing enough problems that the town finally decides to put the bird on trial for its life. The tale is told in retrospect during that trial by the young girl who owns it.'] ["David Koch , a climatologist employed by Inter Sci, proposes a theory that the last ice age was triggered by Earth's polar shift in a single day. When unusually cold weather strikes Miami and the birds start to return from the south a few months earlier, he is sent to Antarctica to find out what is happening. Once there, he discovers a frozen body of a human that is at least 10,000 years old. What is interesting is his appearance—he looks as if he was instantly frozen in place. He also discovers cave paintings that show the sun falling down. A sudden blizzard then destroys a base camp and kills some members of his team. Back in Miami, he presents his findings to his co-workers and his boss. He claims that another polar shift is only a couple of hours away and the new ice age is inevitable. However, nobody believes him. According to the current theories, the shifting of the poles should last at least 200 years so the climate changes, if any, wouldn't appear overnight. David's one-time love Bryn  supports his theory with numerous stories about the falling sun followed by a darkness and terrible cold. When the weather in Miami starts getting colder and colder, the evacuation is ordered and the people start to move to the north. David, Bryn, and a group of people miss the chance to escape, and their only hope is to hide in a special room at Inter Sci. In a couple of hours, everything from 30° north and south of the equator turns to absolute zero  turning the Southern United States, Mexico, Central America, north of South America, and Africa into an ice desert. They manage to survive although everything is frozen outside the room. When the polar shift is over and the sun appears again, they are rescued. As a consequence of polar shift, many people die and the world's climate changes completely—Florida is completely frozen, Northern Canada and Siberia become hot deserts; Greenland, Iceland, Northern Europe, New York, Alaska, and Antarctica now have a tropical climate."] ["Alex Connor is a college teacher whose wife Cynthia is diagnosed with cancer. As her health detoriates, he starts a short-lived affair with Sheila Hart, one of his art students. He soon regrets his actions and ends the affair immediately, but Sheila is not willing to accept that she is no longer his mistress. Alex's home life soon starts to look better, as Cynthia is getting back her health. Now, his only problem is Sheila, who has started her own revenge plan. Determined to win him back, she starts to terrorize him, even going as far as dating his son Rick to make him jealous."] ['A mysterious woman named Cassandra Nightingale moves in to an old, abandoned house which is reputed to be haunted by its original owner, "The Grey Lady." The small community is divided in their opinion of her: some want her to stay , while others want her to leave. Through the course of the story, seemingly magical things happen, and the community attributes these occurrences to her. Everyone begins to wonder if she is really a witch.'] ['Angelique  is taken to an abortion clinic to end her pregnancy, the product of a demonic rape. However, her gun-toting father Dwayne  and three brothers are out to make sure the baby lives, after the father is given messages from “God” telling him to save the baby. In the end, Angelique gives birth to a demonic creature. The demon father  rises from the ground and kills some of the staff, one of the brothers, and Dwayne . The baby is shot in the head by Angelique, as the baby recognizes her as the mother, and then the demon father, seemingly grieving over its death, goes back to Hell with the corpse. Angelique then ends the episode by saying "God\'s will is done."'] ["It is about a loving couple which trying to make a living in 1950s Florida. When they are arrested, for a crime they didn't commit. The pair are given long jail terms and ripped from their children, so they begin a stunning fight for justice that has them facing off against the ruthless sheriff responsible for their incarceration."] ['The year is 1592, after an encounter with a sultan who is holding his daughter Isabella  for ransom Captain Drake  must find what the sultan has asked for before his nemesis, Don Sandovate , beats him to it.'] ['The film follows the story of socially inept adolescent Brendan Willy ([[Josh Zuckerman  who lives in Indiana. When he desires the affections of Twyla , Mr. Five ([[Robert Townsend  a tempter from Hell approaches Brendan with an offer to make him popular.'] ['The plot deals with nine strangers{{Citation needed|date"pi8">{{cite news}} The ship\'s steward soon appears and explains "the rules" to them: First, do not breach any closed doors. Second, do not enter the captain\'s quarters. Third, do not refuse any orders from a member of the crew. And don\'t smoke. The unfortunate passengers soon find out that the ship is haunted by malevolent spirits and that they\'ve all been brought there for some mysterious reason. The spirits take those who have committed greater sins . Most of the seven strangers die because they broke a rule. The first is a convict who smokes. He is attacked by a ghost and is thrown into hell. The second is a drug addict. He refused an order from the steward and has the life sucked out of him. Next, a producer and actress enter the captain\'s quarters. The actress becomes a ghost and the producer is murdered. Finally, when two more convicts breach a closed door, they set the door on fire and a demon forms from the fire, killing them both. The remaining 3 learn that they are actually dead. The steward congratulates them for not breaking any rules, and then explains what is happening. Working together, the three retrieve the funeral boat on the cargo ship and set sail. More demons attempt to kill them. After one of them is sucked to hell, the others manage to get to land. They have no memory of the events on the ship. The last scene shows the steward explaining the rules to the next set of strangers, implying a continuous cycle of hell and death.'] ['The setting is a mid-19th century American repertory theater. The play begins subtly as the audience arrives with the cast milling around an empty stage. The cast members generally fool around and complain about their boss and their forthcoming production of King Lear. Then, making a big dramatic entrance and smoking a cigar, the actor manager of the time comes on stage and tells them they are going to rehearse another piece, Moby Dick. The cast grudgingly performs the play, improvising scenery from items lying around, and gradually get more into character as the play develops.'] ['{{Plot}} Johnny "Pono" Kapahala, a teen snowboarding champion from Vermont, returns to Oahu, Hawaii, for the wedding of his grandfather, local surf legend Johnny Tsunami. Johnny is excited for the marriage as he anticipates finally getting an uncle to hang out with until he realizes his "Uncle Chris" is a bratty 12 year old. The Dirt Devils, a dirt boarding group, tell Chris to do a dangerous stunt down a large sand dune on illegal property, but he is caught by the police. Johnny then bans Chris from dirt boarding, which further strains his relationship with Johnny. The next day, Sam and Johnny catch Chris heading off with the Dirt devils. They follow him to a barge set up with a skate park. Before Chris can skate, Johnny and Sam show him up by skating the barge. Annoyed, Chris runs away. When he gets home, he gets into a fight with Johnny and tells him to leave him alone. So, the next morning, Johnny goes surfing. He bumps into Val and gives her a surfing lesson, which makes Chris jealous and upset. Forced to hang out with Chris, Johnny and Sam blackmail him into coming along with him for a day. With Val, they go dirtboarding and ride ATVs. To his surprise, Chris has a good time, and he and Johnny finally start to get along. The group heads out to a dirt boarding event to meet Akoni Kama and possible sponsors, but the Dirt Devils kick Val out of their group for hanging with Johnny and Chris, the "competition". Chris runs away from home again, and when Johnny and Sam find him, Chris is fighting with Jared, the leader of the Dirt Devils, on joining his group. Chris agrees to do a dangerous jump the next day during the rehearsal dinner for Carla and Johnny\'s wedding, which is also the night before the opening of the shop. Johnny tells Chris that he isn\'t allowed to do the jump, so Chris tricks Johnny into thinking that he has changed and goes with Johnny to town to get items for the rehearsal dinner that night. Chris then runs away to find the Dirt Devils. By the time Johnny finds him, Chris has done the jump-and now has a broken arm/wrist. They go back home, and just as they begin to set aside their differences and get along, they get news of a break-in at Johnny\'s grandpa\'s shop, which is now trashed. Jared is immediately arrested after he is found with a bag of broken gear from the shop. Troy comes over and denies being involved in the break-in. He then tells Chris that he is fit to join the Dirt Devils, but both Johnny and his grandpa say no. Chris runs away once again, saying that he hates the family, leaving Carla feeling guilty about trying to force him into this new family. Carla decides to move back to Pennsylvania in a conversation with Johnny\'s Grandpa, which Chris overhears. He feels guilty about causing their break-up, but doesn\'t know how to mend it. Johnny then says that he is lucky he has a smart nephew and eventually, with help from Val, Sam and Johnny fix the surf shop. They decide to stop hanging out with the Dirt Devils. The opening of Johnny\'s grandpa\'s store, is a huge success and even pro-dirt boarder Akoni Kama comes. Meanwhile, across the street, the Dirt Devils, find Troy in a heated argument with Val\'s dad over negotiations for him to move to California. The Dirt Devils, betrayed and angry, turn on Troy. He then gets into a fight with Johnny\'s grandpa over who can sell dirt boards in their shop. Johnny, realizing that he\'s never seen the "godfather of dirt boarding" ride before tells him to be quiet and eventually challenges him to a mountain boarding race to see who can sell the dirt boards. If Johnny wins, they can both sell them and if Troy wins, he can sell them. Johnny and Chris finally reach terms of friendship and Chris helps Johnny with the race by describing the course set up by Val\'s father. The race begins with Troy in the lead for a large portion of the time, until the ending when he falls when doing one of three required tricks and crashes into the barrier at the finish line. Johnny wins, and both shops decide to sell dirt boards. Carla and Johnny finally decided to get married, and both families are finally happy. The movie\'s tagline caused much a stir for Disney. The tagline read, "Once you go snow, you do go back."'] ['Flora Poste , a young orphan in the 1920s, moves in with her eccentric and backward relatives, the Starkadders. The Starkadders live in a run-down farm off the beaten track in Sussex. Flora decides to rehabilitate and modernise them. She first removes the head of the family , an amateur preacher with his own entourage of timid followers, by encouraging him to go on a preaching tour. This leaves the farm in the far more capable hands of his elder son. She introduces the very lusty and handsome younger son to an American film producer, and so gets rid of him as well. She marries off the poetry-addicted gypsy daughter after coaching her in manners, deportment and fashion. She connects the chronically-depressed mother  with a famed psychiatrist, who takes a great interest in her. The greatest challenge is her domineering Aunt Ada Doom, whom she eventually convinces to go on a tour of Europe.'] ['In the 1880s, a rich nobleman from London, Charles de Beaumont , meets "Frank", an adolescent, and offers hospitality to the young orphan. According to the usages of his caste, he decides to educate him by himself. But Frank is not an obedient pupil and is soon caned... Charles is surprised when he discovers that Frank  is not a boy as he believed, but a beautiful young girl with a dark secret ...DVD liner notes'] ['Hiram Otis comes to England with his wife, daughter and two sons on a research grant; he and his family will live in a castle called Canterville Hall. But the Castle is haunted by the spirit of a disgraced ancestor, Sir Simon de Canterville, doomed to remain on the estate after the death of his wife; his goal is to send the family packing so he begins a ghostly reign of terror: reappearing bloodstains, clanking chains, haunting moans. As is revealed by Lord Canterville  and the servants Mr and Mrs Umney, numerous people have stayed at Canterville Hall in the last few years and have all been scared away by Sir Simon - the locals start betting on how long the Otis family will stay. Virginia \'Ginny\' Otis, the daughter, starts to get suspicious when it becomes apparent that the mysterious noises are not her younger brothers playing tricks and discovers a mysterious prophecy in a book about the house\'s history. She also discovers a secret passage in the library that leads to a cell where Sir Simon resides during the day with his raven familiar Gabriel. Initially disliking the house and life in England, Ginny starts to appreciate her new home and becomes attracted to Francis, the young Duke of Cheshire, who has also seen Sir Simon\'s ghost. Unfortunately, Hiram does not believe in ghosts and accuses Ginny of trying to scare the family so they\'ll return to America. Sir Simon becomes infuriated by the family\'s resilience and is himself scared by a fake ghost that the boys built. Angrily chasing the Otis children, Sir Simon causes Ginny to get in even more trouble with her father - who is so sceptical he can\'t even see Sir Simon. Ginny uses the secret passage to return to the cell and yells at the ghost for getting her in trouble, but ultimately ends up befriending him. Later, Francis takes a walk with Ginny and explains that Sir Simon was suspected of murdering his wife Lady Eleanor and his fate remains unknown. He and Ginny eventually separate in the Canterville chapel, but Sir Simon appears to the tearful Ginny and advises her to not let her fears ruin her chances of finding true love. Ginny follows his advice and makes her feelings apparent to Francis. Hiram, still blaming Ginny for the strange happenings, decides to send Ginny back home to America. Going to Sir Simon for help, Ginny also explains how her father doesn\'t believe in ghosts  and they plot to trick Hiram into believing. They will perform a scene from Shakespeare\'s Hamlet and Sir Simon will play the ghost of Hamlet\'s father . During the performance, however, Sir Simon suddenly chickens out and disappears halfway through the scene - even worse, Hiram insists it was a special effect . Ginny sneaks back to the cell that night and discovers that the lines of the play brought back sad memories for Sir Simon. He confesses that he drove his wife insane after being tricked into thinking she had been unfaithful and that Lady Eleanor killed herself. Surrendering himself to Eleanor\'s family for punishment, Sir Simon was locked in the cell to starve and cursed by a witch, who condemned him to haunt the house by night and lament the death of his wife by day - Sir Simon has not slept for centuries and can only rest if he is redeemed and allowed to pass on. Ginny wants to help him, so Sir Simon takes her to the library and reveals that she has already fulfilled part of the prophecy, she has wept for him. Next, she must pray for him. Finally, Sir Simon takes her through a portal in the fireplace to the "Realm of Darkness" to plead to the Angel of Death on his behalf. The next morning, Hiram goes to Ginny\'s bedroom to try to make amends and discovers she isn\'t there. Panicking, the family search the house and estate aided by Francis, the Umneys, Lord Canterville and the locals. They find the cloak Ginny was wearing last night in the library and everyone but Hiram realises that Ginny has been taken away by the ghost. Hiram starts to hear Ginny\'s voice in his mind and sees her image in Sir Simon\'s portrait, causing him to start believing in ghosts. That night, they hear a mysterious noise and rush to the library, where the fireplace opens again to reveal Ginny trying to get home from the Realm of Darkness - her family and Francis rescue her before the portal closes. Ginny takes the family to Sir Simon\'s cell and they find his chained skeleton. Gabriel disappears, no longer needed, and they hear the chapel bell  ring out. Outside, a dead almond tree comes back to life and blooms, fulfilling the prophecy and confirming that Sir Simon is redeemed. The family decide to stay at Canterville indefinitely, with the blessing of Lord Canterville  and have Sir Simon\'s remains buried in the garden beside Lady Eleanor\'s. Francis and Ginny visit the grave and Ginny thanks Sir Simon for everything he taught her about life, death and how love is stronger than both. Ghostly voices are heard, implying that Sir Simon has been reunited with his wife and is finally happy. A classic story of redemption and forgiveness, told through a comic lens. Located at Knebworth House, Stevenage, Herts.'] ['Vincent Rubio is a Velociraptor private investigator along with his partner, Ernie Watson, a Triceratops. When Ernie\'s ex-girlfriend\'s brother is found dead, the incident is dismissed as suicide. But she doesn\'t believe her brother would kill himself and asks Ernie to check it out . They investigate and Vincent notices the scent of another dinosaur on the windowsill. It was not a suicide. At the funeral Vincent talks to a man dressed in a strange suit who belongs to the cult that the deceased had joined a while ago, "The Voice of Progress." He pretends to be interested in their ideals and gets himself and Ernie invited to a gathering. That\'s when Vincent catches a familiar scent nearby--the scent that was present in the victim\'s bedroom. Vincent and Ernie go to the cult meeting and hear what the Voice of Progress stands for: they want to give its members their saurian identities back. Dinosaurs are living a lie. They pretend to be something they\'re not all their lives by wearing their disguises and it\'s stolen their identity, forced them to see themselves as monsters and the humans as normal. This affects Vincent a great deal. Ernie is untouched. As their investigation continues, Vincent and Ernie come to realize what one man in the cult is planning. He is plotting a revolution, turning cult members into feral dinosaurs and releasing them on the humans. This will force both sides to face each other, and allow dinosaurs to come out of hiding at last. He knows the dinosaurs will win their freedom to live as they are, and not in the lie. Vincent is not sure what side he\'s on.'] ['George Murray has been dating his girlfriend Jane Gardner for a while now, and is ready to propose. But Jane can’t bring herself to marry again after her first husband Doug broke her heart by cheating on her with the wedding coordinator. Desperately in love, George wishes things were different: that he had met Jane before she married Doug, making her not so jaded. After a car accident, George finds himself exactly ten years back in time, just a few days before Doug and Jane’s wedding. He goes to her work, which is at a building for the Don\'t Throw Away newspaper, and Jane "meets" him. George also gets revenge on a guy at work who took  Harvey\'s plans and caused him not to get the promotion he\'d been wanting. Jane\'s friend, Mary Brown, knows all about Doug cheating on Jane, but she can\'t bring herself to tell Jane. She and George talk about it and plan to get Jane to find out about Doug and the wedding coordinator. Mary wants Jane to go with George, since she despises Doug for cheating on her best friend. At Doug and Jane\'s wedding, Jane figures out about Doug and dumps him for George. They run off in his car, getting chased the whole time by Doug. They get into a minor crash and George wakes up ten years into the future, from where he is. He and Jane are married and are celebrating their 10th anniversary with a renewal of their vows. Mary got married to George\'s friend, Harvey.'] ["The film is almost documentary in its portrayal of facts. It claims to be based strongly on facts, apart from some adaptations like merging various characters into one. After two hours the movie changes dramatically. The first two hours are about the six years before the fall of Batista's dictatorship. The last hour is about the 40 years after that. Consequently the presentation of facts is very sketchy, many things are left out, and the order of events is not always correct. The mood changes as well &ndash; the beginning is suspiciously positive, but after the Revolutionaries take over, almost everything is put in a negative light. Castro is shown as still willing but also stupid, using illogical reasonings which are not consistent with someone who has a degree in Law. There are also several suggestions that Castro lost the trust of the people and lost contact with the people. In the first two hours Castro regularly distances himself from Communism and Communists, but after the take-over, the film suggests that Castro had always aspired a Marxist-Leninist State."] ["Stacked follows the adventures of three teenage sisters, Ginny , Tallulah , and Shona Turner , and their passage into the world of fashion. Their father  is the writer of a popular men's magazine, Stacked."] ['A young couple face the realities of life with their child who is diagnosed with AIDS. The young couple  try to prepare their young son  for his inevitable fate.'] ["Dice tells the story of charismatic psychology teacher, Glenn Taylor , who manipulates people by teaching them how to live by the throw of a dice. When the small community is shattered by the death of student Sally Quine, Detective Patrick Styvesant  finds himself drawn deeper into a bizarre world where decisions are ruled by the dice. As Taylor's influence over the community deepens, Patrick also has his own demons to contend with as he battles alcoholism and his repressed homosexuality, all of which make him a perfect target for Taylor."] ["Brothers David and Mark McCune are both in love with Dianne Parker, their neighbor who has been living with her mother Hannah since the death of her father when she was 17 years old. Although David treats her better, Dianne falls in love with Mark. They soon marry and it does not take long before she finds out she is pregnant. When her doctor announces that her child will have severe genetic abnormalities, Mark advises her to have an abortion. Dianne refuses, however, and Mark leaves her. Six years later, Dianne is a single mom taking care of her handicapped daughter Julia, with the help of her mother. One day, she meets young Amy Williams, who is growing up in a dysfunctional family. Her father died and her alcoholic mother Tess gets involved with an abusive man, Buddy. Amy, trying to escape from her home life during summer, starts taking care of Julia. They soon befriend each other, which delights Dianne. One day, Buddy, frustrated by the noise he is making, throws Amy's puppy from a bridge into the water. Amy, determined to save him, jumps after him and lands into the hospital. Child services are contacted and it is decided that Amy is not allowed to live with her mother anymore. Buddy has been arrested and Tess, who still loves Amy a lot, is forced to enter rehab if she ever wants to see her daughter again. In the meantime, Amy is taken in by Dianne. Tragedy strikes again when she and Amy are hit by a drunk driver. Amy is not hurt, but Dianne is severely wounded. She is visited in the hospital by Mark, who wants a second chance. After questioning his motives for a while, she decides to forgive him. However, when she notices that he does not care about Julia, who will only have a few months to live, she dumps him. In the end, she accepts a proposal from David. Amy and Tess are reconciled."] ['The Jericho Mile was a 1979 made for t.v. movie about a convict named Larry Murphy, convicted of 1st degree murder for shooting his father. He is serving a life term for the crime that he feels was justified because his father was raping his step sister. In prison, Larry ,is a loner who has only one person he calls a friend, a black inmate named Stiles. The film primarily centers around Larry and his obsession for running around the yard whenever the inmates are allowed out. Most don\'t pay attention to him as many of the inmates have their regular routines when out. In Larry\'s case though, he has no idea how fast he is actually running until the prison pyscologist,,has the prison sports writer time him. Once the warden, ,finds out just how fast Murphy is, he has the state track and field coach, , bring up a couple of his distance runners to run against Murphy. Murphy beats them and ultimatley allows the track coach to train him in anticipation of the upcoming olympic trials. Before that can happen however, a new track has to be built to proper specs in the yard for Murphy to run on so he can register an official time to be eligible to compete at the olympic trials. The Warden asks the inmates to volunteer to build the new track. Stiles manages to swing a deal with the head of the white gang, Dr. D, , to get a congical visit with his wife 3 months early so he can see his new baby. Instead of Stiles\' wife showing up, one Dr. D\'s drug "mules" is put in her place so that Stiles can bring in some drugs. Stiles refuses to participate and goes back to his cell resulting in the "mule" getting arrested. Stiles tells Murphy what happened and Murphy convinces Stiles to go into isolation. Stiles is killed after the prisoners are let out however. The conflicts continue with Murphy and the white gang, and the black gang and as a result, the white gang boycotts the building of the track and forms a pickett line that the other gangs refuse to cross. As the story continues, the truth unfolds and gang fight ensues as the blacks and the hispanics challenge the validity of the pickett line. The track is built and Murphy clocks a qualifying time while beating Frank Davies, , to be able to compete in the olympic trials. Murhpy is then called before the U.S olympic board where it is learned that it was never the board\'s intention to let a convicted murderer compete at the olympic trials. Murphy is antagonized by the board member to try to find out if Murhpy is sorry for what he did to his father. In a fit of anger, Murphy admits he would "blow him away" all over again given the same set of circumstances. With his shot at the olympics over, life at Folsom Prison,  returns to nomral. Murphy hears that Frank Davies qualifies for the olympics with an exceptional time. He then goes to his cell and grabs the stop watch  and his spikes. Murphy sets himsef up on the start line with the obvious intention of seeing how he would have done had he raced against Davies. Murhpy races as hard as he can while grabbing the attention of the prison inmates once more. As he crosses the finish line, a group of inmates are waiting with huge anticipation as to how Murhpy did. An inmate grabs the stopwatch and yells out that Murphy beat Davies time at which point Murphy throws the stopwatch against the prison wall, smasing it to pieces.'] ["Ellen Carson  is a real estate agent who inadvertently cuts off a delivery truck driver while changing lanes on the freeway to hurry home. The truck driver turned out to be a disturbed man named Eddie Madden , who proceeded to chase after Ellen in an effort to run her off the road. Ellen in fear calls the 1-800 number on the back of his truck and lodges a complaint, which causes Eddie to lose his job, and he  sets out to destroy Ellen's family and soon becomes fixated on Ellen and her teenage stepdaughter Cynthia  and plots to have them as replacement family, by removing the head of the house, Ellen's husband and Cynthia's father Jim Carson ."] ["When the demon god Loki  destroys the fortress of Valhalla and steals the Hammer of Invincibility, only the young hero Thor  can protect Earth from Ragnarök. When Thor's father and older brother are killed in combat with Loki, a mysterious Valkyrie named Jarnsaxa  attempts to train the brave, but naïve and inexperienced Thor to fight Loki which leads them on a mystical quest from their hidden training camp, to the mystical Tree of Life to reclaim the hammer Mjolnir, and then to modern day Los Angeles where Loki follows them and attempts to bring on the Apocalypse with his army of demon beasts. When Thor is exiled to Hell, he must forge his own mighty hammer to save the metropolis and send Loki back to the underworld."] ["After the death of her father, Natalie Travers  discovers he was married to a rodeo star before he married Natalie's mother. Upset that her father kept part of his life a secret from her and bewildered over how a prominent judge could fall for a cowgirl, she sets out to find Maggie Mae Jarrett. But Natalie meets her daughter Jessie Mae Jarrett  who is struggling to keep the wild horses on her land alive and safe. Thicker than water is a classic example of a film that has more background music, than people actually talking."] ['The movie involves Diane Shepherd  who is an idealistic talk-show producer who is conscience-stricken when she clashes with her ratings-obsessed and ruthless talk-show executive boss. Diane is forced to produce a tantalizing program about a prostitute which potentially harms the prostitute, who is trying to turn her life around. Young Kelly Reilly  is the teenaged mother whose life is exposed on The Howard Grant Show. Kelly desperately wants to lead a normal life, but society is dragging her back down.'] ["Kate has been working a job she doesn't like and saving up to go to medical school. She discovers she's pregnant. Her boyfriend is of good conduct, but she and her boyfriend Paul disagree with her decision not to settle down. She drives all day to David's place, her best friend since childhood. She learns the next day that Paul has died in a factory fire. She reaches the factory. It appears as though Paul ought not have been at the factory and appears suicidal. Years later Kate has moved on with her life and her new boyfriend is David. She has chosen to raise the child who has grown to be a four year old whom she has named Megan after her mother. Kate gets admission to an accounting school. David asks her why she's settled for accountancy when she wanted to go to medical school. They have a minor argument in which she accuses David didn't do much with his life either. Kate and David are getting over up by the Megan plays too close to the river. David talks about conversations he's had with her that Kate doesn't remember. Megan is swept away by the river current. David jumps into the gushing current to save her. Kate follows and jumps in too. Kate gets separated. Kate is then swept ashore and saved by the river patrol police. She awakens to discover that she has gone back in time to before Paul's accident. She slowly gets used to the time when David is still her friend and Paul is her boyfriend. She extracts a promise from Paul to never go near the factory and to marry her soon. Paul leaves early the next morning in his river boat to goto his retreat to have time to himself to think it over. David and Kate get worried and go off in search of him. They do not find him, but during the excursion she learns that David wanted to make it big by selling art in the big city. She discovers David has feelings for her when he says he's not going to miss anything if he dies, but he's terrified of what he misses if he lives. On the way she asks to be dropped at the factory. David returns home, and tells a frantic Paul she's at the factory. Paul goes to get her. At the factory Kate discovers the fire was started by an acquaintance who works for security at the factory on account of negligence by lighting a cigarette on premises. She gets hurt as the fire intensifies with explosions. Paul arrives, however he gets fatally hurt by shrapnel as more blasts occur. Kate tries to drag Paul, but eventually has to save her own life. She sees her other self arrive from the factory windows. Her memory fades and the next thing she knows is that she's in the water. Kate is again swept ashore. The river patrol police find her. She awakens and knows that she is back in her own time and understands all. David confirms that Megan is safe. She confronts the acquaintance and he asks her why she didn't tell anyone. Kate has now learned that one cannot change the past but one can decide how to live for the future and moves on to living happy with David and Megan."] ["Flanked by buddy Sparks Johnson  on the ground, and co-pilot Lucas  in the air, Major Jack Holloway  mans Uncle Sam's top-secret Phoenix fighter jet. While Holloway's mentor, General William Jacobs , keeps FBI agents Lock  and Load  from snooping into his pet project, Holloway and Sparks enjoy some R&R with Holloway's wife Jessica  and daughter Nicole . It turns out Lucas is an operative for an intra-military right-wing group and, temporarily assuming Holloway's identity, he steals the Phoenix. Branded a pariah, Holloway not only gets court-martialed but he's also nearly obliterated when his prison transport is ambushed. Holloway, determined to clear his name, escapes. After he touches base with his family, extremist soldiers shoot Jessica and later kidnap Nicole. No sooner does Sparks convince Lock and Load of Holloway's innocence than Lucas guns them down and kidnaps Sparks. Jacobs tells Holloway that if he ever wants to see Nicole alive again, Holloway must bomb the White House."] ['Set in Denmark during September 1943, Miracle at Midnight tells the dramatic true story of the Danish rescue of Jews from Nazi concentration camps. Doctor Karl  and Doris  Koster are a Christian couple living in Copenhagen with their two children, 18 year old Henrik  and preteen Else . As Chief Surgeon of Christiana Hospital, Doctor Koster initially uses his position to protect a young resistance fighter shot by the Nazis. Meanwhile, Henrik is secretly working for the same group, commandeering weapons sent to the Nazis. On Wednesday, September 29, 1943 , Doctor Koster learns of the imminent arrest of the Danish Jews on midnight Friday . The Kosters start by hiding Rabbi Ben Abrams and his family, but soon become an integral part of an effort to transport over 7,000 Jews to neutral Sweden. Doctor Koster, hospital staff and his family work with the resistance to save the Danish Jews from Theresienstadt Concentration Camp. As Doctor Koster narrates, "In every language and religion, to be humane is to love your neighbor." Henrik and his friend load up a truckload of Jews and plan to send them to Sweden. There they are stopped by German Nazi officials. They ask Henrik to open the back of the truck. When the Nazis find Jews, Henrik\'s friend runs and hides in the woods, and gets help from Henrik\'s father, who springs Henrik, but Henrik\'s friend is killed while distracting the Germans. First they find hiding places for the Jews to survive the initial raids, and then work with the Swedish government and local fishermen to transport them to safety. Meanwhile, Henrik secures trucks and other transport to get people to the coast. They discover that one of the fishermen that was helping them transport Jews was a traitor and tried to turn them in to the German Police. Finally, the Kosters themselves have to flee when the Nazis discover their work. Doris Koster is captured by the Nazis, but the rest manage to escape to Sweden. Doris is soon released and the family is reunited after the war has ended.'] ["When 15-year-old Vicky Austin, her sister Suzy and little brother Rob visit their grandfather on Seven Bay Island, Vicky faces several unexpected challenges. Her beloved grandfather, retired Reverend Eaton, seems to be seriously ill, but tries to pretend that nothing is wrong. Vicky met the rich but emotionally troubled Zachary Gray the previous summer, and he reappears to renew the acquaintance. Another boy, 17-year-old Adam Eddington, recruits Vicky to help him with a research project, working with a dolphin called Basil. Vicky discovers she can communicate telepathically with the dolphin and his mate - and possibly with Adam as well. Vicky copes as best she can with the increasing stress placed on her by her grandfather's illness, especially once he admits to her that he is dying of leukemia. In turn, Reverend Eaton tries to encourage Vicky with his gentle wisdom and appreciation of her talents, especially her writing, in marked contrast to her parents' long distance expectations that she study science. A rivalry develops between Zach and Adam, which becomes an uneasy alliance as the three teenagers seek to expose the illegal use of drift nets, which trap and kill dolphins, by a ship owned by Zach's father. Eventually they succeed, saving their dolphin friend  from the deadly net just as Vicky's grandfather arrives with the Coast Guard. The excitement is too much for Reverend Eaton, however, who dies soon afterward. He leaves behind a new blank book for Vicky in which to write her poetry. Vicky decides to follow her heart and her talents rather than her parents' plans for her."] ['In 1864, a American Civil War troop struggles to survive when young Union soldier Jim Rabb  discovers that his mare has given birth to a colt. A superior officer orders Jim to shoot the foal because it may become a burden, but Jim - seeing the colt as a sign of hope and a reminder of the beauty of life - refuses. The colt remains with the men as they battle. When Confederates overtake the camp and steal the colt, Jim must risk his life retrieving it.'] ['Jake Lever ([[Adam Kaufman  is a successful cardiologist living in Washington, D.C. While at the hospital, he dreams that his brother, Benjamin, tells him that they are okay. Jake is confused and is baffled after learning later that day that his brother has died suddenly. He feels guilty for not having kept in touch with his brother for several years. After Ben\'s funeral held in Brooklyn, Jake finds out that because his brother\'s wife Leah  has been left without children, they must perform a ceremony called halizah in order to nullify a levirate marriage. Jake and Leah agree, but Jake changes his mind after seeing a necklace which his brother gave him. Dating from before Benjamin left home, the necklace reminds Jake of how much he loved his big brother. He pulls Leah aside and tells her that he doesn\'t want to deny his brother\'s existence. After deciding that she wants to leave her mother\'s home, become independent, and start college, Leah agrees to move with Jake to Washington. Jake is constantly busy with work at the hospital, his girlfriend Carol has little patience for his new "wife", and Leah adjusts to finding her way around a new city. But eventually, true love arises, and the two find that the greatest gift Benjamin has left them is each other.'] ['The film opens with a mysterious person chasing a student, Martha Sayers . The same day, the police and her sister Elizabeth  find her hanged in her room. The police rule her death as an unmotivated suicide, but Elizabeth refuses to believe this and investigates further. She decides to visit the exclusive academy that Martha attended, The Salem Academy for Women, despite warnings from Martha\'s roommate, Lucy Dembrow . Under the assumed name of Elizabeth Morgan, she enrolls at the college, where she is welcomed by her classmates Roberta Lockhart , Debbie Jones  and Jody Keller . Elizabeth notes several strange occurrences, but postpones further investigation. Debbie has an outburst in class. The feared headmistress, Mrs. Jessica Williams , is worried about the influence of "the new girl". When Lucy commits suicide, Elizabeth resumes her investigation. She becomes intrigued with a painting of Martha in a dungeon-like room. Debbie, who painted it, is terrified of the painting and claims she invented the background, but Elizabeth finds an identical setting in a cellar on campus. When she is accosted by a man with a sharp weapon, Elizabeth flees. The next night, Elizabeth returns to the cellar with Roberta, who is now suspicious as well. They locate a hidden room in which they find the dead body of Debbie, who earlier that evening had tried to leave the campus. Elizabeth suspects that Professor Delacroix  is responsible, considering his odd and mildly sadistic behavior. Elizabeth bursts into his office, finding him in a deranged state with a gun in his hand. He fears something supernatural is stalking him, and he jumps through the window. After running for some time, he ends up mired in a swamp, where he is beaten with sticks by several students including Jody. Meanwhile, the otherwise popular Dr. Joseph Clampett  reveals to Williams that he is responsible for all the murders. He orders the headmistress to evacuate the school. Elizabeth and Roberta are unaware of the evacuation. They discover the body of Delacroix, who has been brutally murdered. Elizabeth and Roberta turn to Williams for help, but she has gone insane. When they are unsuccessful in calling the police, Elizabeth and Roberta go to the cellar to find a gun. Instead they find Clampett leading a satanic cult. His followers  believe that he is Satan incarnate, and Roberta reveals herself as his loyal servant. Elizabeth is able to escape when Clampett sets the school on fire, and she takes Williams with her. The other girls, however, stay behind to sacrifice themselves to their leader. Clampett, who is actually supernatural, survives the fire and is seen outdoors, where he mysteriously vanishes.'] ["Tom Merrick  works as a TV reporter when he's nearly killed in an accident while informing about a fire in the Evanston power plant. The sight of a creepy-looking man leaving the place accidentally saves his life, when he was meant to be killed with his crew. After some time, he decides to do some research on catastrophes for a documentary he's preparing when he accidentally stumbles upon several pictures of the man at the power plant , who appears to turn up in different disasters  as far apart as 50 years, but who still looks the same in all the pictures. He goes deeper into the mystery and ends up discovering that a futuristic enterprise --Thrill Seekers-- will make time travel possible in the future and will sell trips to the past. These trips consist of travellers going straight to a catastrophe right before it happens, so they can experience the emotion but are able to travel back in time again before they get killed. Thanks to that knowledge, Merrick is able to save a plane from crashing and killing hundreds of people. Unfortunately, this type of discovery endangers the very fabric of space-time and his own life, when Thrill Seekers sends a couple of agents to find and kill him."] ["14 Hours is based on the harrowing events of June 2001, when Tropical Storm Allison stalled over the Houston metropolitan area, pouring nearly 30 inches of rain on the city within a 14-hour period. The story begins as the storm seems to be moving away from Houston. Jeanette Makins , a nurse at Memorial Hermann Hospital, arrives ready for what she expects to be a normal day. But Tropical Storm Allison's rains return, quickly turning a normal day into a nightmare. As floodwaters inundate the lower levels of the hospital, a brilliant young surgeon, Dr. Foster , makes the decision to move the patients to safer ground, including a young couple whose premature baby is struggling for life, as well as, a girl and her mother, severely hurt in a car accident. With the resourceful thinking of Chuck Whortle , chief of Harris County Emergency Management, the hospital staff and volunteers race against the clock to get all patients to safety."] ["{{plot}}  In the land of Earthsea, a young wizard named Ged, the son of a blacksmith, is having visions about a priestess named Tenar. The Kargide king, Tygath, wants to unite the land and release diabolical demons called Nameless Ones so that he can learn the secret of their immortality. He learns of the legend of a great wizard  who will rise up and could be a threat to his plans. So he sends some men to attack Ged’s village on the island of Gont. Ged uses a spell to create mist around the Kargides, causing them to fall over a cliff. However, one of them knocks Ged off the cliff with him, sending both falling to their deaths. Tygath tries to convince the high priestess, Thar, to help him release the Nameless Ones, but she refuses. So, his lover, Kossil, tricks another priestess, Rosa, into poisoning her, in the hopes that she will name her as her successor and tell her the incantation. A magus named Ogion arrives at Ged’s village and is able to revive Ged. He gives Ged his true name of “Sparrowhawk”, which contains his power, and takes him to train him. However, Ged wants to learn magic quicker, so Ogion sends him to a magic school on the island of Roke. There, he meets Jasper, the school bully, and becomes friends with another student, Vetch. Ged shapeshifts into a hawk to compete with Jasper, who then challenges him to raise a spirit from the dead. While attempting to do so, he accidentally releases a Nameless One. The archmagus of Roke tells him that this Nameless One is extremely powerful and will become The Gebbeth, who will hunt him down and try to kill him. He tells him to go somewhere where The Gebbeth will not expect to look for him, until he can find his true name and destroy him. Tygath attempts to invade Roke, but the archmagus confronts them. He warns them not to attack. However, Jasper helps Tygath gain entry to Roke, and Tygath stabs the archmagus. As Ged travels with a man he met on a boat during the trip to Roke, the man turns out to be The Gebbeth, who attacks him. Ged shapeshifts into a bird and flies away, but collapses, where Ogion finds him and takes him to his house. He tells him that The Gebbeth will chase him wherever he wants to, and that he should go toward him instead. Before he leaves, Ged accepts Ogion as his true master. On a boat, he encounters The Gebbeth attempts to drown him, however, The Gebbeth escapes. The Gebbeth goes to a bar and kills a few people. Vetch, who is now a magus, uses his magic to find the murderer, giving the appearance of Ged. He goes after him and uses a magic spell on him. Once Vetch realizes Ged is not possessed by The Gebbeth, he takes him to his house, and they decide to find The Gebbeth. Upon arrival, they are attacked by a dragon, but Ged uses the dragon’s true name to bind him and ask him three questions. The dragon tricks him into wasting his first question, and with his second he finds The Gebbeth’s location. The dragon tells him that with the Amulet of Peace, which was broken into two pieces, he could save Earthsea, so Ged instead asks where the pieces of the amulet are. Meanwhile, Thar appoints the pure Tenar as her successor, and gives her the incantation. Tygath is furious with Kossil. She kills Rosa, who was beginning to suspect that Kossil poisoned Thar, and frames Tenar for it. Tenar is imprisoned in the labyrinth. Ged and Vetch go to Roke to find the amulet. Roke is now under Jasper’s control, but when Jasper leads them into his room, he reveals himself to be the archmagus in disguise. He reveals that an object Ged was given by his first teacher back at the village is one half of the amulet. The other is at Tygath’s castle. Ged and Vetch sneak through the castle, using magic to avoid being detected by Kargides. Vetch gets through a wall by shapeshifting into a rat, but Ged is captured and brought before Thar, who mistakes him for an evil wizard due to his sneaking around and has him imprisoned in the Labyrinth. Immediately after, Kossil continues asking who Thar’s successor is going to be, and Thar realizes that Kossil killed Rosa, before dying of the poison. In the labyrinth, Ged is locked in the cell next to Tenar. He is able to break out and open Tenar’s cell, and they recognize each other from their visions. Then, Tenar is brought before Kossil, who threatens to kill her unless she reveals the incantation. Tenar refuses, and Kossil tries to kill her, but is stabbed to death by Tygath as punishment for her failure. Tygath has Tenar lead him toward the tomb of Atuan. Vetch finds his way to the tomb first and is killed by The Gebbeth. Ged encounters Tygath and fights him, but Tygath has the upper hand, so Ged runs into the tomb where he encounters The Gebbeth. Ged comes to the realization that The Gebbeth’s true name is Sparrowhawk, because he is the darkness in him, and Ged accepts this now. The Gebbeth is absorbed into Ged to make him whole again, and enabling him to gain the upper hand on Tygath when he enters the tomb. Tygath threatens to kill Tenar unless Ged makes her release the Nameless Ones. Ged, who knows that this is the right thing to do, tells Tenar to speak the incantation. The Nameless Ones are released, and kill Tygath before they fly away to wreak havoc on Earthsea. Ged is able to revive Vetch the same way Ogion revived him, and then reveals a part of the key to the tomb's door to be the second half of the amulet. Ged and Tenar put the Amulet of Peace together, destroying the Nameless Ones and restoring peace to Earthsea."] ['An astronomer, Dr. Lehman , and his assistant, Imogene O\'Neill , race against time to provide vital information to JPL rocket scientist Dr. Chetwyn . Dr. Lehman worked for Chetwyn until Chetwyn fired him and Lehman is the only one authorized to prevent the impending destruction. Lehman ultimately gets hit by a car and Imogene strives alone, encountering various murderers and automotive failures. Amidst the chaos, Detective Jack Crowe  desperately searches for his psychotic ex-partner Stark  before the madman seeks revenge against Jack by killing Jack\'s father and daughter. Meanwhile, Jack\'s father, the Police sheriff  of the town of Taft, deals with subsiding the panic in his town as the meteor shower continues. Another subplot involves a family struggling for survival in a meteor-struck hospital. After the United States launches numerous nuclear weapons at the approaching asteroid, Imogene discovers a flaw in Dr. Lehman\'s algorithm and finds that 114 Kassandra had been split in two by the comet that knocked it out of orbit. The second half of Kassandra is larger than the first, and the military\'s nuclear arsenal is already depleted from destroying the first half, which was believed to be the whole meteor. As the meteor draws closer to Earth, the meteor storms surrounding it cause increasing amounts of damage as they occur at an unstoppable pace. Part of the headquarters of the scientists tracking Kassandra is hit, resulting in Dr. Chetwyn\'s death. Imogene finds herself as the only one left who can save the world from destruction, but she can no longer contact the government by any traditional means of communication. After being abducted by and escaping from Stark with Jack\'s help, she finds a radio tower that can reach the remaining scientists at the base, but Stark unexpectedly returns, having survived being shot thanks to a bulletproof vest he had previously stolen. By the time Stark is shot dead by the Sheriff and Jack, Kassandra has entered Earth\'s atmosphere, and the government decides to launch their remaining missiles{{Clarify}} and accept the consequences - massive meteor storms and radiation from the blast. Mere minutes before the missiles hit the meteor, however, Imogene manages to get the scientists to alter their course. Initially it appears that the missiles missed Kassandra entirely, but it quickly becomes clear that Imogene\'s plan deflected the meteor into the Sun, saving Earth. But three months later, Imogene tells Jack that there will be "next time" in the year 2029, talking about Apophis, 20 years from 2009.'] ["Annapolis, Maryland. The film begins with an unknown person hiding an axe covered with blood in the woods. It then focuses on Brian Hannigan, a teenager who contacts the police after the death of his adoptive parents, a double homicide. The investigators immediately see Brian as a suspect, because he was in the house when the murders occurred and because he is too calm considering the circumstances. Chris Hannigan, Brian's 7-year-old brother, tells the police that he saw his other brother, 17-year old Daniel, an aggressive patient at a mental hospital, walking away from the house only seconds after the tragedy. Although Daniel denies having been at the house around the time of the murder, he becomes the prime suspect. Tom Kelley is an attorney who believes in the sons' innocence and starts to collect information himself. Brian tells him that he was adopted at age six, shortly before Daniel was adopted as well. He reveals that although they seemed to be the perfect family, their parents were abusive towards Daniel because he was always getting into trouble. When blood is found on Brian's shoes, the court orders him to be separated from his brothers. He is taken into the Kelley home, much to the fear of Tom's wife Liz. Brian admits that he was always too afraid to speak his mind and describes a conversation between his adoptive mother Maureen and her best friend Barbara, in which Maureen expressed her anger when things do not go the way she wants them to, referring to Daniel's behavior. Brian describes that Daniel came to him later that day, expressing the hatred he feels towards his parents. He was kicked out of the house shortly after and sent back to foster care. Three months later, Daniel was caught while breaking into a house and ended up in a reform school. Although Maureen became very overprotective of him and her recently adopted son Chris, Brian found a way to secretly contact Daniel. Back in present life, Chris tells the police that the guy walking away from the home after the murder wasn't Daniel, but Brian. Criminal attorney, Ken Pierson, also discovered that according to the phone records from the last three months, a dozen calls were made to Daniel including the night of the murders. Investigators start to think that Brian and Daniel were both responsible for their parents' death. Kelley then meets Barbara, who took Brian to church, and tells him that Brian's birth mother abandoned Brian for days until the state took custody of him putting him into a foster care system like Daniel. Barbara then said that Daniel had five different families and Brian had six. When Kelley tells Brian that the police are going to ask him a lot of questions, he finally reveals what really happened that night. On the evening before the murder, Brian arrived home late after going out with Lisa Kensington, a girl who is known at school for being promiscuous. His parents found out and reacted furiously, blaming him for becoming just like Daniel. Brian then calls up Daniel who tells Brian to leave the house, but Brian refuses fearing that Maureen and Joe will do the same thing to Chris. Later that night he overheard his parents agreeing about sending him away too. Upset and enraged, he stabbed both his parents in the basement with a butcher knife. Maureen was almost able to get away, but he followed her in the backyard and killed her with an axe without noticing that Chris was watching him from his window. After his confession, Brian stated he never told Daniel about this and that he gets emotionally moved every time he speaks up. Brian is then arrested and Kelley returns home disappointed. In the aftertitles, it is stated that Brian served eight years in the Patuxent Institution in Maryland and that Daniel remained having trouble with the law several times and is sent to prison and that Chris got adopted by a loving family."] ['The film dissects the aftermath of the Rodney King verdict and the ensuing riots through four narratives. A Chinese liquor store owner tries to come to an understanding with his assimilating teenage son who sees his father\'s old world ways and non-aggressive Buddhism as signs of weakness. A Chicano teenager tries to live a straight life and do well in school so he will not make the same mistakes his older brother had made, and be able to provide as best he can for his current and future family. A white LAPD officer struggles with obligations from his new girlfriend and not-quite-ex-wife, while confronting a surprisingly gung ho attitude from his fellow officers. An African American middle class man who has recently moved his new family out of "the ghetto", visits the store his father used to own in the old neighborhood and seeks to give some good news to his mother who has vivid memories from living through the Watts riots less than thirty years prior. These four stories are nominally separate vignettes, but interact with each other throughout the film.'] ['In the year 2005 Alex Michaels  is deputy head of a new division of the FBI called "Netforce" which investigates computer crime and polices the Internet. When his boss and mentor, Steve Day, is assassinated, the evidence points to Web pioneer and owner of the company Januscorp, Will Stiles , a character said to be Bill Gates\' apprentice. Stiles is about to release a new web browser that may allow him to hack into any computer in the world and to gain control of the Internet. Michaels is appointed acting Commander of Netforce, and leads his people on the hunt for Stiles.'] ["Will Loomis  is living with his handicapped sister Violet . She wants a young child to play with, so brother Will takes a child  from the local orphanage. The children are told they have died and are in heaven. Will and Violet try to make their farm 'a little piece of heaven' for the kids, while the authorities wonder what has happened to the missing children."] ['The movie is centered on Anna , who is the Mayor of a small town in Colorado. Her life has enough problems when Cottonwood becomes the victim of meteorite showers, causing devastation and chaos.'] ["Leah Lazenby  is a single woman who lives in a house she recently inherited from her parents. In order to have the money to keep it she lets rooms to a variety of tenants while she sleeps in her parents's parlour. One morning a cellist  moves in. He can easily pay in advance and is immediately accepted. He takes the Room Upstairs. Travis fits in very well. He flatters Leah when she's plumbing, helps the other tenants, makes photographs of Lean and her pupils, drives her in his car and guards her when she is molested by her tenant Kevin . Consequently Leah turns to Travis when she needs to bring one of her female tenants  to a hospital. Ellie had just tried to commit suicide because the aforementioned Kevin had betrayed and eventually left her. Leah works in a school for children who are characterized by learning disability or even antisocial personality disorder. Her head teacher  assigns her to look after an unruly, illiterate teenage beauty called Susan  who refuses to attend school. Susan lives with a young scoundrel. Leah visits her regularly and tries to teach her to read by using fashion magazines. She even includes Susan's boyfriend, but when she thinks Susan opens up to her, the girl plays a sadistic trick on Leah. Leah loses her nerve and starts a catfight in public. She is nearly arrested when Susan falsely accuses her of having attacked her with a broken bottle. Returning home Leah sees Travis repairing the sink and tells him off. Travis answers back by explaining to her she mustn't believe she was the only person who is hurt and she should be more interested in Ellie's problems. Leah then talks to Ellie and they get friends. Head teacher Mrs. Sanders convinces Leah not to quit her job as a teacher and offers her a different task after all. While Travis is on a concert tour in Canada, Leah's tenant Mandy  delivers a baby. There is a big celebration in Leah's house and Travis can manage to visit during a break of the tour. Travis and Leah have a moment together. Leah tells him about her new case, a deafblind child. Having his shoulder to lean on she falls into sleep. While she rests Travis inducts Leah into the tragedy of his life. He had once a child who died unexpectedly while he was on tour and his wife blamed him for having neglected his family. The next morning they awake together, feeling hereby obviously feeling very comfortable. Leah's brother Frank  is angry about her because the house is running on puny profit although she's now also her tenants'  babysitter. Even so, she refuses her brother's offer to buy her out. Travis pleases Leah to one of his concerts. When they return home she invites him to her room where she has prepared a meal for them. Finally they kiss."] ['Therapist Tess Parker  meets Paul Tomlinson , an English professor she\'s wacky over, and he\'s also a guy that is too good to be true. Her patient Carla , comes to Tess to tell her about her former lover who wanted to marry her but needed some time after his wife\'s death, even though they started going out when he was still married, but he left it a year and never came back, only to tell her that he was with someone else. Tess tries to comfort her after she thought Carla was going to jump of the edge of a building. The descriptions Carla gives Tess of her former lover seem some what familiar, but it is until the time she saw her after that, that Carla shows Tess her ring that was given to her by him, and a book that she always carries around written by him, Author: Paul Tomlinson, and just to clarify, his picture too. Tess eventually confronts Paul about this and he says that he knew her as a librarian, and the time Tess saw him hug her was to thank her for getting a \'hard to find\' book for him. He says he had no relationship with her at all except sending her flowers to thank her for all her help with the book, and that he was not sleeping with her. Tess, believes him and they go on a merry-go-round together. Afterwards, they walked around the funfair and had a lovely, little snog. Unfortunately, Carla was passing by and shouted at Tess for using her to steal him away from her. Tess told Carla that she wasn\'t, but Carla slapped her and drove away. Tess tried to run after her but Paul said to let her go. He gave her a hug and said "God save them all". The next day, Tess goes to Carla\'s apartment, Carla wouldn\'t go to the door but it was open so Tess walked in. Carla was nowhere to be seen, so Tess had a snoop around, she found a picture of Paul, a pot from his favourite Japanese restaurant, another book written by him, but more importantly, in a wooden chest, she found some love letters, she opened one, at the top it said \'dear my love\', and at the bottom, it said \'with all my love, Paul\'. Disturbed, she walked out with the letter. At night, in bed, she has a dream about making perfect love to Paul. In the morning, she has a shower and gets out when the slightly ajar bathroom door shuts, assuming someone was there. She then finds Paul\'s jumper on her chair. She jumps when she hears Carla\'s voice and is horrified when she turns around and finds that Carla is there. Carla tells her that Paul left it at her house this morning and came round to show her and taunt her. Tess shouts at her to get out or that she\'d call the police. Carla said it was a good idea because Tess was in danger. Carla told Tess that she\'s warning her to stay away from Paul because he killed his wife, and that he\'d kill again. Carla walked out. Outside Tess\'s house, Paul came and said he was worried about her. She told him that Carla dropped in on her shower this morning, she showed him that Carla\'s  sweater. He said he had no idea how she got it. He told her maybe she stole it because she said it herself that she broke into her house and that she was capable of anything. Then she showed him the love letter, she asked him if he wrote it, he said yes-to his wife, he had been trying to find them. Suddenly Tess asked him how his wife died, he said this was sick. He said it was an accident, she was hiking up in the mountains and he guessed that she tripped and fell, he guessed because he wasn\'t there because they had just had an argument and he went back to the cabin, the rangers said it looked like she slipped. She told him that Carla said he killed his wife. He said they weren\'t the perfect couple by any means, but he loved her. She apologised and said that she didn\'t know to explain her behaviour lately, she let herself get sucked into Carla\'s delusions. He forgave her. She asked why he was here and he said that she called and the school told him that Tess had left a message saying that it was urgent. Then they both realised, Carla. Her front door was already open. They started looking for her. Tess tried the kitchen and found everything broken and thrown around. The meat in her freezer had been stabbed, and there was blood on the walls. Paul told Tess to go back to his place and let the police take care of Carla. At Paul\'s place, he went for a shower and she fell asleep after a tiring day. She woke up, and wandered into another room-where she found his wedding picture, the glass had broken in half. The door closed behind her and she was locked in. She tried to get out but she couldn\'t. She realised that a chair was on fire and the smoke alarm went off. More desperate than ever, she struggled with the door and shouted Paul\'s name. Just in time, Paul came and opened the door and pulled her out. As he tried to put out the fire, she called 911. They arrested Carla. The police told Tess and Paul that they were only going to question her because for all they knew, it could have been either one of those two because the fire was set. Tess and Paul went to Paul\'s other house, it was snowing there. Later, again, they went to bed together. And as a surprise for Tess, Paul put a ring on Tess\'s finger. It was a surprise for her, as it was the same ring as Carla said he had made especially for her. This was enough to start believing that Paul was telling lies, and that it was Carla all along who spoke the truth. She told him she\'d be right back and went upstairs to change and pack, as he was looking the other way she quietly came down the stairs and left. In the car Carla showed up after she had been questioned and told her she\'d have to run, because the roads were covered with ice. Tess asked her what she was doing and Carla replied "saving your life". She said it was him who messed up her kitchen and started the fire. They ran off. After waiting for a while, shouting her name with no replies, and searching upstairs to find no-one except a dressing gown, he realised she had gone. Paul changed, and left as well. As Tess and Carla were running on because Carla new the route well, Paul found it easy to follow them because it was snowing and he just followed their footprints. He eventually caught up with them. Carla told him that Tess knew everything and he told Tess that he loved her. Carla told him that Tess knew that he killed his wife. He said she was crazy. She reminded him when he brought her up there that weekend and his wife found them, and when he told his wife how much he loved Carla. She said that when his wife\'s back was turned on the mountains, he snuck up and pushed her. Tess interfered and said that if Carla was lying, how would he explain the ring, that Carla has exactly the same. He said he only gave the same ring to his wife whom never took it off, and as far as he knew, she was buried with it. That is when they realised. Tess asked Carla, "you killed her?". She said she did it for each other. Paul angrily started walking forward. Carla was slowly walking back and didn\'t notice a huge drop behind her, she slipped, and fell, but she was holding on...to Paul\'s hand. He said that he should let her die. Tess said no, hold on. Paul did, but it was too hard, she fell again and held on to a rock. Her last words were to Paul saying "you still love me, don\'t you?", until her hands slipped of the rock and she fell to her death crashing into many more sharp rocks along the way. Tess cries and Paul comforts her. Outside Paul\'s second house, we have to assume the next day, Tess and Paul, are getting ready to leave, putting their luggage in the car. Paul finishes putting the rest in the boot as Tess gets into the car. Looking for a map she opens a draw in the front of the car, finding two tiny boxes thinking they were for her, she opens them two find two identical heart rings, the same as she had been given from Paul and the same as his wife had been given from him. We see her with a weird face. The film ends with the camera zooming out on Paul getting into the car.'] ['Joe Leaphorn, a seasoned cop accustomed to the ways of Phoenix, Santa Fe, and Albuquerque, has returned to the Navajo reservation. Recovering from cancer, his wife, Emma, feels rejuvenated by her home\'s landscape and people. Leaphorn is less sure about their return. Well schooled in urban policing, he is soon confronted with a particular Navajo case: a mysterious killer who has a special antipathy for medicine men. He works with a partner Jim Chee, an FBI Academy grad who is training to be a traditional healer. Roman George\'s body is found miles from his abandoned truck and surrounded by ancient symbols etched in blood. A local archeologist holds the key to the symbols he left behind, so Chee and Leaphorn pay him a visit at a nearby Anasazi ruins. There, these unlikely partners find further clues indicating that the murderer may be a "skinwalker," a Navajo witch with the power to shape shift, or change from human to animal, move with lightning speed, and to kill with curses. Fearing that his mentor, Wilson Sam, will be next, Chee convinces the medicine man to hide in a nearby motel. As Chee juggles the day-to-day police work on the reservation, Leaphorn tracks down clues to the identity of the evasive criminal. More ancient symbols are found at an abandoned paint factory, where a local gang has been congregating. What do the signs mean? Who is sending these messages in blood? Could the murders be linked to the old Dinetah Paints scandal? Chee does not have much time to mull these questions over, as he soon finds himself in the killer\'s crosshairs.{{cite web}}'] ['{{plot}} At Sandy\'s treedome, Sandy is putting up Christmas lights. SpongeBob, who is in his karate gear and preparing to attack her, mistakes it for a fire, and rushes inside, throwing water onto it. Sandy asks him what he was doing, and SpongeBob replies he believed there was a fire. Sandy is shocked that SpongeBob has never heard of Christmas, and tells him all about it. Later, at the Krusty Krab, SpongeBob tells his friends about Christmas. Everyone believes him, and everyone, except Squidward, puts their Christmas wishes into bottles, which are then shot up to the surface so Santa can read it. In the days leading up to Christmas, the people of Bikini Bottom heartily celebrate, and on Christmas Eve, stand in front of the large decorated coral tree and sing, eagerly awaiting the arrival of Santa. Meanwhile, Squidward, refusing to believe in Christmas, is wanting no part of it. The people continue to sing until morning, when Santa has failed to arrive . Everyone leaves and SpongeBob becomes very depressed. Squidward appears, laughing and scoffing at his humiliation, and takes a photo of the heartbroken SpongeBob. As he sulks away, he gives Squidward a present. Squidward, now feeling sorry for SpongeBob, opens it, and finds a handmade driftwood clarinet. He now realizes that he is a "big jerk", dresses up as Santa much to the delight of SpongeBob. SpongeBob thanks "Santa" for bringing Christmas to Bikini Bottom, and Squidward tells him that he did. SpongeBob passes out from joy, and Gary carries him home. Squidward prepares to take the costume off, but is confronted by a little girl, asking him for a present. SpongeBob suddenly appears beside her, assuring her that he will. Out of desperation, Squidward gives the child a wrench from his house. He then sees a crowd of people, who want their gifts as well, and ends up giving away everything he owns. Afterwards, Squidward finds a message from Santa on his doorstep, thanking him for his help and telling him that he\'s been a "good boy". He then sees the real Santa Claus  riding away in his sleigh. The dumbfounded Squidward says "Yep. I\'m insane." and goes back inside, playing his new clarinet.'] ["Oliver Watson  has never been luckier: he is a successful advertising executive, shares a marriage of eighteen years with Sarah  and has three loving kids: 17-year-old Ben , 15-year-old Melissa , and 9-year-old Sam . His perfect life suddenly falls apart when his wife Sarah announces that she wants to enter a graduate school 200 miles away from home, as she regrets that she gave up her bohemian protester's life and promising writing career to become the wife of a conservative traditionalist. A devastated Oliver tries to prevent her from going and even offers to move with her, but Sarah has made up her mind: she will enroll college and does not want any company. The children are just as displeased when they find out about her mother's decision, for which Ben and Melissa hold their father responsible. They start acting out as a reaction, which mostly affects Ben. Instead of attending classes and getting good grades, he spends most of his time with promiscuous teenager Bobbi Carver , whom he impregnates. Meanwhile, Oliver unsuccessfully tries to save his marriage, until Sarah announces that she is seeing someone else. Meanwhile, his mother's health is worsening, and after months of being kept alive through machines, his father George ([[John Anderson  decides to pull the plug. At the funeral, Sarah shows up to reveal her plans on filing for divorce. Feeling that his life has no purpose there anymore, Oliver accepts a job in Los Angeles. Melissa and Sam move with him, but Ben stays behind with Bobbi and their newly-born son Alexander. In California, Oliver falls in love with Charlotte Sampson , a successful actress in a popular TV series who dreams of a Broadway career. After a short romance, during which she also connects with the children, they become engaged. However, when she is offered a role on Broadway, Oliver fears the past will repeat itself. Rather than seeing his partner see slip away due to a long distance relationship, he breaks off their engagement. Meanwhile, Bobbi has suddenly left Ben and took Alexander with her. Desperate, Ben turns to Oliver, and together they fight successfully for sole custody. Afterwards, Ben visits Charlotte, and finds out that she has rejected the Broadway role. Although she is still mad at Oliver for cutting her out of his life, she agrees on visiting him, and they reconcile in the end."] ["Determined to make her young, blonde, and beautiful daughter, June, a vaudeville headliner, willful, resourceful, domineering stage mother Rose Hovick will stop at nothing to achieve her goal. She drags June and her shy, awkward, and decidedly less-talented older sister, Louise, around the country in an effort to get them noticed, and with the assistance of agent Herbie Sommers, she manages to secure them bookings on the prestigious Orpheum Circuit. Years pass, and the girls no longer are young enough to pull off the childlike personae their mother insists they continue to project. June rebels and elopes with Tulsa, one of the dancers who backs the act. Devastated by what she considers an act of betrayal, Rose pours all her energies into making a success of Louise, despite the young woman's obvious lack of singing and dancing skills. Not helping matters is the increasing popularity of sound films, which leads to a decline in the demand for stage entertainment. With bookings scarce, mother and daughter find themselves in Wichita, Kansas, where the owner of a third-rate burlesque house offers Louise a job. When one of the strippers is arrested for shoplifting, Louise unwillingly becomes her replacement. At first, her voice is shaky and her moves tentative at best, but as audiences respond to her, she begins to gain confidence in herself. She blossoms as an entertainer billed as Gypsy Rose Lee, and eventually reaches a point where she tires of her mother's constant interference in both her life and wildly successful career. Louise confronts Rose and demands she leave her alone. Finally aware she has spent her life enslaved by a desperate need to be noticed, an angry, bitter, and bewildered Rose stumbles onto the empty stage of the deserted theater and experiences a moment of truth that leads to an emotional breakdown followed by a reconciliation with Louise."] ['James Murphey is a rugged cryptozoologist, who thirty years earlier, during a trip to Loch Ness, Scotland, had a fatal encounter with the fabled "Nessie" creature that killed his father, and left James with deep facial scar. Twenty years later, James is hunting for Nessie, when his search leads him to the sleepy town of Pike Island, Ashburn, on Lake Superior. Hiring Josh Riley as his guide, James and Josh bond over their mutual scientific interests and deceased fathers, while James tries to convince Josh\'s mother, Sheriff Karen Riley, that a 60-foot Plesiosaurus is killing and breeding. Meanwhile, Josh leaves to find his girlfriend, Zoe, who along with three others is camping on a small deserted island on the lake. When one of them disappears , the others attempt to escape and one is killed and another is injured. The film climaxes when Sheriff Riley, Murphy and Deputy Neil Chapman spot Josh\'s flare, and track the creature and her offspring to a magnetite mine on the island. Sheriff Riley and Josh manage to kill some of the offspring, while her partner, Neil, dies after running out of ammunition and being attacked by others. Josh lures Nessie away from Zoe and traps her in a container filled with magnetite. Murphy stabs the creature with a cyanide-filled syringe, then helps Josh by getting him out of harm\'s way and throws his cigar lighter into the container, igniting the explosive magnetite and destroying the creature. Sheriff Riley asks if James will now start "chasing Sasquatch", to which he replies that he will probably find a nice small town to call home. Josh asks if he means Ashburn, to which he laughingly replies "yeah."'] ['As a result of General George S. Patton\'s  decision to use former Nazis to help reconstruct post-World War II Germany , General Dwight Eisenhower  removes him from that task and reassigns him to supervise "an army of clerks" whose task is to write the official history of the U.S. military involvement in World War II.Plot summary at Yahoo! Movies Shortly thereafter, on December 9, 1945 , Patton is involved in an automobile accident that seriously injures his spinal column, paralyzing him. As he lies in his hospital bed, he flashes back to earlier pivotal moments in his life, including stories his father told him of his grandfather\'s service during the American Civil War which inspired him to attend the United States Military Academy at West Point, his marriage to his wife Beatrice , and his championing of the use of tanks in the United States Army.Patton plot summary at The Internet Movie Database President Harry S. Truman and other government officials, not wanting Patton to die on German soil, order him transferred to a stateside hospital. Preparations, including a full plaster body cast, are made, but Patton dies of an embolism on December 21, 1945.'] ['At the end of Daemon Rising, Bob and Dot got engaged. To the confusion of everyone, however, a portal opens from the net and Ray Tracer and another Bob steps through. Inasmuch as the second Bob looks like the original from Seasons 1 and 2, Dot names the Bob which merged with his keytool Glitch Bob. Most of My Two Bobs is taken up with the efforts of Dot, the two Bobs themselves, and the other mainframers to ascertain who is the original and who is the copy and in general to come to terms with the situation. After some counseling from Phong and Mouse, Dot decides to marry the new Bob, whereupon Glitch Bob—the nominal original—earnestly attempts to return himself to his original form in order to resolve his existential situation. His efforts ultimately fail and leave him in a catatonic, "crystalline" state; he is covered in a starry substance that proves to be impenetrable. Dot continues with her wedding plans as Glitch Bob is treated at the Supercomputer. Glitch Bob\'s condition steadily worsens on her wedding day. The impenentrable starry substance covering him gradually dims completely, and the Guardians believe that they have lost him. This moment of crisis prompts all the keytools of other guardians  to separate from Glitch Bob, and they revive him before returning to the guardians. The Guardians discover that his code no longer matches what they have on file, suggesting that he is in fact the copy. Glitch Bob returns to Mainframe to stop the wedding, where he reveals that Megabyte has previously stolen part of his code. Glitch is able to return this code to Bob, which forces Megabyte to emerge—Megabyte had been disguised as Bob all along. After a spectacular battle in the church, investigation reveals that Megabyte is now a Trojan Horse virus, able to shapeshift and effectively disguise himself as anyone. Megabyte eludes capture by using various aliases and a doppelganger and ultimately infiltrates the war room by taking on the form of Frisket. After suborning various personnel, including Dot\'s father, and capturing Enzo, Megabyte gains "complete control" of the Principal Office. The movie ends with him proclaiming that he will now follow his predatory virus nature; he is not out to take over Mainframe again, but instead simply seeks revenge on the guardians. His last words, which are the final words of the series, are "Prepare yourselves for the hunt!" The film includes many parodies of pop culture tropes including, but not limited to, The Brady Bunch, Pokémon, Star Wars, Star Treks transporter, 2001: A Space Odyssey, The Village People, The Thing, and The Blues Brothers.'] ["“The Plot to Kill Hitler” is a historical re-creation of the 1944 attempt by several German High Command officers to assassinate Adolf Hitler and take control of the German government, with the ultimate intention of surrendering their country to the Allies. Led by Army Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg, this group of dedicated officers managed to plant a bomb, hidden in Stauffenberg's briefcase, in Hitler’s battlefield headquarters. By sheer luck, Hitler survived the blast and the SS quickly arrested and executed most of those involved. The film is historically inaccurate in one aspect&mdash;Hitler's involvement in astrology. One scene has him looking over astrological charts, which some people believe about the Nazi leader. Most historians, however, regard this as false.{{Citation needed}}"] ["After watching a fire burn her family's Baltimore pizzeria to the ground, 11 year old Reena Hale  decides she wants to be an arson investigator when she grows up. And with the help of mentor John Minger , whom she met during the investigation of her family's restaurant, Reena recognizes her dream. Years later, the grown up Reena buys a house in the old neighborhood, moving in next door to carpenter Bo Goodnight . As Reena and Bo embark on a relationship, a psychopathic arsonist from her past begins wreaking havoc on her life. Reena's stalker threatens her life, and those of her loved ones."] ['A couple of student nurses decide to join some doctors to work in a medical station in the rain-forest a few hours flying-time from the Mexican town Catemaco. As they fly from Catemaco towards the clinic  one of their three planes goes down because of engine malfunction. It crashes somewhere in the middle of the jungle causing bad injuries to the passengers. The following day describes the attempts by the passengers to save their own lives in spite of the few poor chances they seem to have. There is almost no medicine available, the supplies they brought with them were all on the plane going down and were stolen by native drug-dealers when they arrived at the site of the crash first. In the afternoon they decide to take the injured to a nearby village with a runway long enough that the Learjet of the Californian Air Rescue team could take them to a clinic in the U.S. Not only is the journey there very complicated  but it may also be futile: due to recent anti-drug operations no plane is allowed to fly after dark, so the Air Rescue Team is not able to get clearance for their mission. Dr. Daniel Perrin sets off to Catamaco to persuade the authorities into giving their permission for the flight while the rest is trying to get to the runway by dawn.'] ['The ghost of Sir Simon Canterville has been roaming his castle for centuries. After demonstrating cowardice in life, he must find a brave descendant to obtain rest.'] ['Four electricians, Dean, Junior, Ray and Shelly, are sent to turn off the power in an abandoned building before it\'s demolished. They notice there\'s a difference between the floor plans and the actual size of the building. Upon breaking down a door they discover an old laboratory, which contains a nuclear generator powering a device in the floor. They accidentally set off an alarm and then activate the device. Dean falls through a portal that\'s created and Junior goes after him, while Ray and Shelly read a journal left behind by the researchers. Dean and Junior appear outside in a deserted and web covered Chicago. Dean goes off to have a look around, while Junior waits for the others. Shelly, reading the journal, realizes that the researchers were attempting to make a gateway to a Parallel universe and he and Ray decide to step through the portal. Finding no one on the other side of the portal, Ray and Shelly set off and get a fright when Junior leaps out. Junior leads them to a broken down Armored car, with millions of dollars in the back. Junior, Ray and Shelly start celebrating, while Dean comes running back armed with a block of wood. Junior suddenly says "Guys" and steps forward with a claw in his stomach. Junior dies, and more creatures attack the others. A group of humans save the electricians and kill the creatures. They fight more of the creatures, and head back to the portal, Dean stops to help a survivor and the portal closes leaving him trapped. On Shelly\'s and Ray\'s side, the nuclear generator short circuits the portal. Shelly starts trying to fix it, while Ray goes off to call for help. The survivors bring Dean into the safehouse where they meet Crane. A female survivor, Elayna, insists that Dean come with them to see "The Old Man". She blindfolds him and they set out for the base. Meanwhile, Ray comes back saying that everyone thinks he\'s insane and refused to send anyone. He did however come back with a small arsenal of guns. Dean meets the Old Man, who is revealed to be Dr. Richard Moreli, the inventor of the portal who got trapped here 30 years ago. Dean tells him his friends are on the other side and trying to fix it. Dr. Moreli tells him when he opened the portal 30 years ago, it let in the giant Spider Queen, who proceeded to enslave or consume most of the human race. Elayna says the soldiers used to be normal people, but the Spider Queen\'s venom makes them completely under her control. Any survivors are made to show the soldiers where their base camp is, when the others go out and find the camps they are empty and bloodstained. They leave the base, to find the Spider Queen has been watching, they hear gunshots and find Shelly and Ray. The survivors bring them back to the base, and Shelly and Moreli start working on building a new portal. The lookouts spot creatures in the building and chase them. Dean and Ray stay behind to defend Shelly and Moreli. Dean gets impatient and goes off to help, leaving Ray alone. Dean, Crane and Elayna, meet up and go back for Moreli, but find Ray with a broken leg and alone. The three set out for the Queen\'s lair, while Ray stays behind to build traps. They find Moreli in the food chamber, but Shelly has been bitten. Shelly grabs Dean\'s gun and holds it to his head, telling them to go. The four race back to the base, while Shelly comes face to face with the Queen. Shelly tries to shoot her, but she is too far gone. She leads the Queen and her army to the base, and the creatures kill everyone but Crane, who kills all of the army but Shelly and the Queen. Crane collapses, and Moreli leaves the makeshift lab to go out to him. Crane dies in his arms, and the Queen leaps down and kills Moreli. Shelly enters the lab, turning off the power. Dean tries to get through to him, but fails and ends up killing him. Dean and Elayna work hurriedly on the portal, and they are just about to get it up and running when the Queen enters. Dean grabs the last two wires to connect, and he connects them to the Queen. The current starts moving between the two, and the Queen gets electrocuted. The portal opens and Dean and Elayna jump through. The strain on the power system causes it to explode, taking the Queen with it. Dean and Elayna wake up on a beach, and they share a kiss, just before a large flying animal attacks and presumably eats them, the two having apparently only made it to another alternate world and not home.'] ["It's several days before Christmas in 2012, and Sydney is in the midst of a water crisis. Despite the creation of a desalination plant, which NSW Premier Angela Boardman insists creates millions of litres of fresh water a day, the city is still under Level 8 water restrictions. The western suburbs especially are seriously dry. Ambitious CPN reporter Susan Shapiro launches an investigation into the crisis. Her report catches the attention of the Premier, who grants Shapiro an interview. Although Shapiro is amicable , she is still suspicious. And with good reason; later conversation between Boardman and her Chief of Staff Tom Daily reveal they are sharing a secret that could end both their careers. David Langmore, the State Operations Commander for the National Fire Service, is preparing dinner when he receives a call from Shapiro. He is angry that the reporter has called him at home and insists the water shortage has been caused solely by a lack of rain. ER doctor Michael Francia is enjoying some quiet time with his pregnant wife Lizzie when Emily, his daughter from a previous relationship, shows up on his door. She has had a fight with her mother and needs a place to stay, even though, as she later confesses to her stepmother Lizzie, she isn't sure if her father likes her. Meanwhile, a lightning storm forms over a national park in the western outskirts of Sydney. A bolt of lightning strikes a tree, which bursts into flames. The dry bushland quickly ignites. The next day at work, Dr Francia is frantically trying to attend to an influx of patients suffering dehydration and heat exhaustion. A courier truck, carrying dozens of gas cylinders, speeds into the hospital car park and a bloodied man is dragged into the hospital lobby. During the commotion that follows, the truck outside is forgotten about and unbeknownst to anyone, one of the cylinders begins to leak. David Langmore is monitoring the fires in the hopes that his team can prevent them from becoming fireheads. Volunteer firefighters, including David's son Brendan and Brendan's girlfriend Deanna, are sent out to control the blaze. Deanna and two other volunteers are overwhelmed by the size and ferocity of the flames and attempt to escape by car. Langmore and the rest of the workers in the control centre watch helplessly via closed circuit cameras as the fire consumes the car and the three perish. It becomes apparent that they have a crisis on hand. The Premier announces a state of emergency and Langmore calls a Section 44, enacting that section of the Rural Fires Act 1997 ; the effect of which means all emergency workers in the area are now under his control. Police and firefighters struggle to fight the flames but are deterred by a lack of water and pressure in the hoses. Lizzie Francia receives a call from her invalid mother. Although Lizzie is concerned, she refuses Emily's offer to collect her mother from her nursing home. Emily sneaks away while Lizzie is dealing with a concerned neighbour. However, she encounters a detour and ends up driving close to the fire. She runs to escape the smoke but falls down a rocky hill and loses consciousness. Shapiro reports from the frontlines. When firefighters try to tap into a residential water tank, the elderly owner becomes incensed and has a heart attack. Shapiro and Teddy take the man to the hospital, where they meet Dr Francio. They encourage him to tell his wife to evacuate. Shapiro also meets the brother of one of Boardman's political opponents and discovers that she received a large, anonymous donation a month before the election. Francio calls his wife and urges her to evacuate. Mid-conversation, the leaking gas cylinder in the courier truck explodes. Francio miraculously survives, but several people in the hospital are injured. Lizzie, meanwhile, is forced to evacuate on foot. When she runs into Shapiro, Lizzie begs the reporter to take her two small children in the news helicopter. Shapiro agrees. Langmore meets with the Premier and insists that they use the water from the desalination plant. Boardman refuses his request. Reluctantly, they resort to using saltwater  and the blaze is eventually extinguished. Emily is found and receives medical attention. Francio rushes to be by her side and promises that he likes her 'with all  heart.' Upon hearing that over 300 people have died, Daily sends Shapiro a video text message. The video reveals that the Premier made a deal with Argon Energy that gave them unlimited fresh water in return for free power to the desalination plants and one million dollars. Shapiro and Teddy are killed when a factory she is reporting from explodes, releasing toxic gases; however, when Langmore checks his email later that afternoon, he finds a video message from the reporter, with the subject line, 'Guess what? Sometimes it isn't just about the weather.' Later, Boardman calls a press conference to discuss the tragic bushfires. Langmore attends. He asks her questions about the deal with Argon, which Boardman naturally denies. Langmore angrily calls her a liar and tells her that he has a video of their meeting. He gives members of the press copies of the video and Boardman flees the conference. In the final scene, Langmore visits Shapiro's grave. It is revealed that Boardman was forced to resign as premier and Shapiro received a posthumous Walkley Award for investigative journalism... and that, eight weeks after the tragedy, Sydney still hasn't received rain."] ["Fourteen-year-old high school student, Amy Dustin, becomes an object of romantic affection to the school's biology teacher and football coach, Pete Nash. They take a sudden interest in each other, sending each other notes and talking on the telephone. Although Pete has a family, the two begin a secret relationship. People then begin to suspect that Pete and Amy are having an affair. It is revealed that another reason for the students' gossip is that Pete had trouble in the past concerning an affair with student Missy Ross. He denies these allegations when Amy confronts him about the rumours. One night, she spends the night at Pete's house because Pete convinced his daughter to invite Amy to a sleepover. During the night, Pete wakes Amy up and then convinces her to sleep with him. This upsets her, but she still feels that she is in love with him. Meanwhile, Kimberly Jones, one of her best friends, worries about their relationship, thinking it isn't healthy. She reports it to the principal who dismisses her allegations because the principal thinks that Kimberly is telling falsehoods because she is jealous of her friend. Amy is constantly being pursued at school by Pete, who often takes her to a closet in the classroom in order to kiss her. She doesn't like what he is doing and starts spending time with student Cory Wilkins. One night, she accompanies Cory to a party and dances with him. Pete observes her behaviour and is infuriated. In front of a crowd of people, he drags Amy away from Cory. Although his actions grab the attention of all the people at the party, no one intervenes. Amy then tries to break off their affair because she is uncomfortable with the way in which things are moving, but Pete is able to win back her trust. The next day, her father is informed about what happened at the party. Norm confronts him, but Pete convinces him that he was only acting in Amy's best interests because Cory has a bad reputation. Norm is placated somewhat. While on a camping trip, Amy's friend Kelly catches Pete and Amy kissing. Upon confronting her, Amy tells her about her relationship with her teacher and states that she is in love with Pete. Things become even more difficult and uncomfortable for Amy when her mother, Betty Ann, finds a love letter to her daughter from Pete. She immediately reports it to the high school principal. Matters are complicated because Amy and Pete both deny an affair. For this reason, the principal is unable to do anything about it. When Amy decides to break off the affair, Pete will not leave her alone and his actions become even more irrational than they were before. Amy then admits everything to her parents and Pete is arrested. He receives a jail sentence of five months as well as a 10 year period of probation. Betty Ann decides to sue the school as well, because the school failed to act in spite of convincing evidence that supported the fact that an affair between a teacher and a student took place. Instead of the students showing sympathy towards Amy, they act hostile towards her because Coach Nash was suspended from his job before an important football game. The fact that her friends think that she was just as much to blame as Pete heightens Amy's feelings of rejection and isolation. When the Dustin house is vandalized, Amy considers dropping the case because she feels that the trouble she and her family have had to endure is not worth it. In the end, she changes her mind and decides to go through with it. She is motivated by her strong feelings that she does not want someone else to experience what she endured."] ['Twelve top Nazis are ordered to the Middle East, where they are to organize a Fourth Reich, and only Major Wright and his convict commando squad can stop them.'] ['While driving on a secluded mountain road Ellen  loses control of her vehicle and collides with an abandoned car on the side of the road. When checking to see if the other driver is all right, she finds a trail of blood leading into the forest. Following it, she encounters a deformed serial killer known as Moonface , dragging the driver of the other vehicle. Narrowly escaping him, Ellen flees into the forest, with Moonface following her trail. Through flashbacks spread throughout she is shown receiving training from her survivalist husband Bruce , training her with both weapons and guerrilla tactics. She attempts to use these skills several times, but despite her best efforts is still captured by the killer, taken to his workshop deep in the forest on a ridge overlooking a large waterfall. After awakening in the basement, filled with the corpses of Moonface\'s previous victims, she encounters the delusional Buddy , apparently insane but seemingly unharmed by Moonface. He speaks cryptically of the killer\'s methods and intent. Shortly thereafter the killer comes downstairs, turning on a generator. Police sirens begin sounding as various lights around the room begin flashing. Lifting the other woman onto a large table, he uses a drill press to remove both of her eyes. After Moonface leaves, Buddy talks Ellen into picking the lock on the chains binding her with a sharp object that had been jabbed into her shoulder. Buddy, who seemed to be tied up, suddenly stands up and began shouting that Ellen is free. Moonface returns, and Ellen attacks Moonface and Buddy with a piece of wood. She runs upstairs where she is again attacked, but this time manages to overpower Moonface and knock him out a window. Looking out, she sees him dangling by a blanket several meters below, hanging above the waterfall. She watches as the fabric rips, turning away as he finally falls. Finding a gun, belt and boots, she leaves. Returning to her car, she opens her trunk to reveal the body of her dead husband. In another flashback it is revealed that her husband had raped her anally during a brutal fight, shortly after which she strangled him with his own belt. Taking his body to Moonface\'s workshop, she removes his eyes and strings him up in the front yard in the same manner as Moonface\'s other victims. Before leaving she shoots Buddy, mimicking Moonface\'s "shh" gesture before killing him.'] ['Crash Course centers on a group of high schoolers in a driver’s education class; many for the second or third time. The recently divorced teacher, super-passive Larry Pearl, is on thin ice with the football fanatic principal, Principal Paulson, who is being pressured by the district superintendent to raise driver’s education completion rates or lose his coveted football program. With this in mind, Principal Paulson and his assistant, with a secret desire for his job, Abner Frasier, hire an outside driver’s education instructor with a very tough reputation, Edna Savage, aka E.W. Savage, who quickly takes control of the class. The plot focuses mostly on the students and their interactions with their teachers and each other. In the beginning, Rico is the loner with just a few friends, Chadley is the bookish nerd with few friends who longs to be cool and also longs to be a part of Vanessa’s life who is the young, friendly and attractive girl who had to fake her mother’s signature on her driver’s education permission slip. Kichi is the hip-hop Asian kid who often raps what he has to say and constantly flirts with Maria, the rich foreign girl who thinks that the right-of-way on the roadways always goes to  “my father’s limo”. Finally you have stereotypical football meathead J.J., who needs to pass his English exam to keep his eligibility and constantly asks out and gets rejected by Alice, the tomboy whose father owns “Santini & Son” Concrete Company. Alice is portrayed as being the “son” her father wanted. As the movie progresses, the students’ relationships with their teacher, each other and their driving abilities all begin to improve. Friendships are formed in and out of the classroom. All the while Abner, Acting Principal while Paulson is out of town, is spying on the entire bunch, teachers and students, and constantly calling the superintendent with the purpose of smearing the reputation of Principal Paulson in hopes of taking his job. In the meantime, Edna, who was initially cool and somewhat hostile to Larry, begins to see him in a new light. At the same time, Larry, who was initially a nervous and passive man due mainly to stress involving his ex-wife and their divorce proceedings, becomes more assertive and confident in himself, which Edna finds very attractive. Just as things start to look up for the class in school and at home, an untimely accident involving Chad, Vanessa and the driver’s education car brings the entire class closer together. Literally, each character, save for Abner whose attempts to take over as principal are thwarted by the progression of all the characters and the timely return of Principal Paulson, reaches a point in their life where they seem happy with themselves, their relationships with their friends and their relationships with their parents. Ultimately, all the kids pass the course with flying colors, and Larry and Edna end up falling in love and entering into a romantic relationship.'] ["The film begins during the late 1960s  at the House of Lords, with Lord Longford, a regular prison visitor, presiding over a reception for a number of ex-convicts whom he had visited and corresponded with when they were incarcerated. He receives a letter from one of the most notorious criminals in Britain, the so-called Moors Murderer Myra Hindley, who is several years into her life sentence for taking part in the murder of three children with her boyfriend, Ian Brady. When he visits her, she asks for books but also for him to arrange for her to meet Brady. Longford is shocked and tells her that it would be in her own best interests to have no contact with Brady, as it might harm any future chances of parole. Hindley seems equally shocked at the idea that she would ever be allowed parole. Longford then begins his campaign for Hindley to be paroled. The question remains of whether Hindley is indeed reformed &mdash; for example, in her decision to convert to Longford's own Roman Catholic faith &mdash; or whether she is merely manipulating him and feigning her rehabilitation in an attempt to bring herself closer to release. Longford visits Brady twice; on both occasions, Brady tells him that she is manipulative and that he should turn his back on her. Longford, driven by his deep religious belief that all people are ultimately good, decides to continue on his course, despite heavy public, political, and family criticism and even though it turns out that Hindley has not been honest with him. In 1986 she reveals that she and Brady were responsible for two further murders. Even as Hindley's revelations sparked yet more public hostility towards Longford for trying to win her release, he remains loyal to Hindley and continues to back her campaign for release. He is last seen visiting her in prison in the late 1990s, by which time Longford is frail and more than 90 years old, while Hindley is still in her 50s but in a declining state of health. As the film ends and just before the credits start to roll, we are informed that Longford died in August 2001, while Hindley never got the parole that she spent a generation fighting for and remained imprisoned until her death in November 2002."] ['The Jack Bull is about a normal Horse trader Myrl Redding  who cherishes the law and his rights. He lives a normal life with his son, Cage , his wife Cora  and his good friends. However he clashed one day with Land Baron Henry Ballard  over Wyoming\'s bid for statehood. If Wyoming remains a territory Henry Ballard can continue to buy more land and eventually evict its residents, however if Wyoming becomes a state then his rights to the land will be restricted. After further conflict with Ballard, Redding attempts to take his horses to a horse market in Casper. However he encounters Ballard, who has built a tollgate that blocks the road to Casper, charging a fee for passage. Redding realizes going around would take too long to get the horses to market on time, with the market closed before he could arrive. Ballard tells Redding that he will allow Redding to cross with a fee of ten dollars. Redding gives him five and leaves two black stallions as collateral for the other five. He also leaves his Indian friend and worker Billy to make sure the horses are not mistreated. Redding arrives at Casper on time and sells his horses, with the exception of the two he left behind and makes his way back to his home. He stops for his horses and finds Billy is missing and his horses are starved, diseased, beaten, and near death. He beats one of Ballard\'s henchmen and demands that his horses be returned healthy and fed. Ballard says he\'ll never do it and Redding leaves, saying he has two weeks to comply with his demands. Ballard ignores him and returns to his normal life. Redding returns home and finds Billy beaten and bitten. Billy describes how one of Ballard\'s henchmen had the two horses chained to a wagon of logs and was beating them when they rested even though they had been working for hours. Billy attempted to stop him but he was attacked by two other henchmen who then set the dogs on him. He said he was forced to flee and would\'ve been killed if he had returned. Redding agrees with Billy and sympathizes with him, telling him it was not his fault for what happened to the horses. He departs that day for the local town and approaches the local lawyer and asks for legal help. The lawyer tells Redding he will probably not win because it is an Indian\'s word against a wealthy white man\'s. Redding says to do it anyway and leaves after paying ten dollars in lawyer fees. A week passes and nothing happens, and Redding tells his lawyer to speed up the case. The lawyer intercepts Judge Wilkins, the local judge, on the way to the barber and pleads for a chance to make their case. Wilkins, who has a financial interest in Ballard\'s business, tells them that he is throwing the case out and advises the lawyer to choose his clients more carefully, stating "You\'re shoveling shit out of the mountain." The lawyer informs Redding about Judge Wilkins decision and after his wife finds out she tells Redding that she is good friends with the District Attorney\'s wife, and she departs for Casper to plead their case before the D.A. She and Woody, Redding\'s trusted friend, depart for Casper and he drops her off in front of the D.A.\'s office. When she arrives at the office she is informed she needs an appointment and she reluctantly leaves after leaving her name. However unknown to her two of Ballard\'s henchmen had beaten Woody and thrown him into a carriage, knocking the driver off. The wild carriage runs her over as she is crossing the street, making her death a very unfortunate coincidence caused by Ballard\'s men. Woody gives the documented complaint against Ballard directly to the D.A., who emerges to see what has happened. Woody then drives Cora\'s body back to Myrl\'s household where they bury her. To make matters worst Redding\'s lawyer returns with news that the D.A. has sent the case back to Judge Wilkins, who has once again thrown the case out. Redding, distraught with the loss of his wife and realizing that the justice system will do nothing to stop Ballard, takes justice into his own hands and rallies the local farmers against Ballard. Although some have doubts he talks them into joining him with the offer that he will pay each man who joins him fifteen dollars a month. Redding and his new militia of farmers ride towards Ballard\'s house where they route Ballard\'s men and Ballard himself flees for his life for Casper. Redding burns down Ballard\'s stable and leaves for the local town, looking for Ballard. After questioning a local farmer who refuses to tell them Ballard\'s location, he burns down the farmer\'s barn and leaves the barn smoldering. They then ride to a local Amish community and threaten to burn down the houses if they hide Ballard or refuse to give them the location. After the Amish people tell him they don\'t even know Ballard, he asks for a person who knows how to print. They find one and offer him fifteen dollars to mass produce fliers demanding Ballard that he has a week to get the horses fed and healthy. Ballard meanwhile, had reached Casper and pleads for help from the Governor of Wyoming himself. The Governor offers protection and charges the Sheriff to find and arrest Redding. But after only a day of searching, the Sheriff is ambushed during the night and during a brief struggle Redding kills one of Ballard\'s men, Slater, after he attempts to shoot Billy. He forces the sheriff at gunpoint to say that it was self defense, and after Redding departs the Sheriff returns to Casper and tells news that Slater was shot dead by Redding. Meanwhile Billy, while riding back to Ballard\'s house is shot by its caretaker Conrad. After a brief firefight Conrad shoots his wife by accident and Billy and Redding leave. Meanwhile the Governor, after conversing with Judge Joe B. Tolliver  and the Attorney General decides to offer Redding amnesty if he turns himself in. Redding accepts but Billy doesn\'t, saying that land Ballard took belonged to his native tribe. Billy leaves and Redding arrives in Casper to participate in the trial of Henry Ballard. During the trial however the D.A.\'s assistant informs them that Judge Wilkins is charging Redding with two counts of murder and armed insurrection. However the amnesty agreement was typed before the charges were sent, putting the Governor in a bind. If he charges Redding, he will break the amnesty agreement, but if he doesn\'t charge Redding, he will be violating a judge\'s charges. The governor decides he will charge Redding if he breaks the amnesty agreement. The trial ends after several witnesses testify that the horses were indeed healthy stallions although Ballard testifies otherwise. Judge Tolliver agrees with Redding and orders Ballard to restore the horses to their previous health. Meanwhile, Billy has sued Ballard for the land rights but is losing, so he sends a messenger to Redding in an attempt to gain leverage over Ballard. Redding writes a letter of support but the messenger is ambushed while leaving Redding\'s hotel. The letter is used as proof to show Redding has violated his amnesty and he is charged with two counts of murder and armed insurrection. He is found guilty one one count of murder and armed insurrection at the same time that Billy and his Indians are ambushed by the Wyoming Army. Redding is sentenced to be hung and Ballard is charged with perjury for lying under oath and sentenced to two years in jail, three months of which will be spent restoring the two stallions\' health. Further consequence is that Ballard will lose his life savings. On the day of the hanging Redding meets with his son and tells him to always work hard and never give up. After a heartfelt goodbye Redding is called to inspect the two horses. After confirming that they have been restored, Ballard curses him and claims Redding got nothing from Ballard. Redding replies simply, "You did what I said you would." Ballard is carried away screaming and Redding is marched to the gallows. Judge Tolliver, who seems compassionate toward Redding and his principles, finds Judge Wilkins in a bar. Tolliver angrily berates him for charging an innocent man with murder. He then says that he has sent a letter to the governor asking for a committee, that he\'ll oversee, to review Wilkins\' ability to be a judge, and says he hopes they will find him unable. Judge Wilkins, obviously distraught, attempts to order a drink, to which the bartender replies, "Ten dollars a shot", mocking the judge about how Ballard charged Redding ten dollars to cross the land and how Wilkins did nothing about it. The bartender leaves Wilkins miserable and dishonored. Redding walks to the gallows but not before being hugged by his son and another heartfelt goodbye. He is hung and various clips show. One is of his son, Cage and Woody leading the two stallions along with Redding\'s body away from the city back home. Another shows the Wyoming marching band parading down the street announcing Wyoming has become a state.'] ["Robert Urich is a lawyer who's fallen in love with a woman who's married to a dying millionaire and the whole story results in a love triangle."] ['When his mother dies, estranged son Bob  inherits her estate, and, surprisingly, custody of his younger brother D.J. , who suffers from schizophrenia and epilepsy. Bob is initially reluctant at his new responsibility, but remembers that he had promised his mother to look after his brother.'] ['In November 1903, young women are being killed in London, each with a silk stocking shoved down her throat. Watson seeks help from the retired and bored Holmes, who determines that the victims are well-born ladies, not prostitutes. Evidence found include a thumbprint, a pair of ladies\' dancing shoes, broken glass, a strong smell of chloroform, and a silk stocking removed from a victim\'s gullet. It seems the killer has a foot fetish. Holmes questions a survivor - a young girl who was apparently set free by her captor because she has a club foot - and arranges for her to "accidentally" see the footman that he suspects is the killer, despite his ironclad alibis. The girl identifies him as her kidnapper, but the thumbprint clears the suspect. Holmes then baits a trap for the killer: he uses the sister of a victim and has her perform in a classical tableau at an event attended by the King and Queen. Her Grecian-Roman costume is revealing, and her sandals expose her feet. After the performance, she walks away to be alone; the suspect drugs her and is quickly caught by Holmes and placed in custody. The sister returns home and is tucked into bed by her father. However, the suspect\'s thumbprint doesn\'t match the evidence. Holmes suspects the killer has an identical twin, and that the real killer is still on the loose. Holmes telephones the father of the "bait" sister to warn him, but the real killer kidnapped her from her bed just minutes earlier. The audience sees the killer carrying her over his shoulder as blood drips from her face, where he cut her with broken glass. The police force the other twin to lead them to his brother, but he escapes the police. Holmes finds the killer and his victim just in time; the young woman has a silk stocking tied around her neck, and Watson has to cut it and perform something that looks like CPR. Holmes gets the killer twin to confess that he wanted his victims\' attention, because they looked at him while in captivity. Both twins are then taken into custody. At the end, Watson marries an American psychiatrist and leaves on honeymoon, and Holmes is left sitting alone at the table.'] ['Christopher Walken portrays Harry Nash, a hardware store clerk who has achieved a degree of local celebrity due to his powerful performances in community theater. Yet when not on the stage or in a rehearsal, Harry retreats into an insecure and painfully shy personality. The story is set in motion when Helene Walsh , a woman intending to stay in town for only a few weeks, is talked into auditioning for the role of Stella, opposite Harry\'s Stanley Kowalski in a production of A Streetcar Named Desire. Ignoring warnings of Harry\'s introverted personality, Helene falls in love with Harry\'s "Stanley" persona, and mistakes his cluelessness and shyness for rejection. This results in a clumsy and uneven performance on the second night of the play, but Helene bounces back in time for closing night, due to an inspiration; her closing-night gift to Harry is a copy of Romeo and Juliet. Harry and Helene find that they can pursue a relationship by reciting stage romances to each other, and the story ends with him proposing in character, from a scene in Oscar Wilde\'s The Importance of Being Earnest.'] ['The crew of the space shuttle Oklahoma comes back to Earth, one of its crew members having been struck in the arm by a tiny meteor, which evidently contains alien lifeforms. This alien life parasitizes its human hosts to evolve into rapidly proliferating insect-like creatures. The Oklahomas chief medical officer  works to stop the spread of the infestation before it reaches the "threshold" population, at which humanity will be effectively unable to contain it and the alien life will take over.'] ['The story begins while a nationwide referendum is being held to decide whether or not Canada will join the United States. The people of Canada vote to join the U.S., while Prime Minister Tom McLaughlin  watches the results on the news. Sitting at the house of former Prime Minister Marc Lavigne (Guy Nadon; from [[H2O , he plots revenge, stating that one day, he would tell Lavigne the fable of "The Mouse and the Frog". Two years pass, at which point the film resumes. Canada has been split into six states , each with electoral votes, and representation in Congress. The story proceeds to focus on three major storylines: Tom McLaughlin attempting to reshape his political career and ascend to the presidency; reporter Helen Madigan  uncovering elements of political intrigue as she follows leads into the murder of her estranged son; and U.S. President Stanfield  using any means necessary to justify an invasion of Saudi Arabia in order to halt China\'s oil supply.'] ['In September 1963, in Gatlin, Nebraska the town is in the middle of a severe drought. In a tent out in the vast cornfields, a young boy, claiming that the Old Testament-era Canaanite God whom he calls "He Who Walks Behind the Rows" had spoken to him in his dreams, tells other children that the sinful and blasphemous adults are the reason for their recent troubles , prompting the children to kill everybody nineteen and over in town; leading them to found a death cult with a prime rule that, once reaching the age of nineteen, one must be sacrificed to the cult\'s God. In April 1975, 12 years later, a constantly bickering couple consisting of Vietnam veteran Burt  and his wife Vicky  are driving along a back road near Gatlin, planning on celebrating their second honeymoon in California, when a boy named Joseph  stumbles out of the roadside corn and in front of their car. Accidentally running Joseph over, Burt assesses his body and realizes the boy\'s throat was slashed. After wrapping and placing Joseph\'s body in the trunk, Burt tells Vicky to wait for him while he looks around with shotgun in hand. Among the corn, Burt finds Joseph\'s bloodied suitcase and takes it with him back to the car. He and Vicky drive off in search of aid, not realizing they were being watched by Isaac , a 9-year old current cult leader, and his most loyal follower, 17-year old warrior named Malachai . After hearing a group of children giving an evangelical sermon over the radio, Burt and Vicky reach an abandoned gas station before deciding to go to Gatlin after finding the phones non-functional. While Burt drives, Vicky manages to open Joseph\'s suitcase and finds a tribal-looking barbaric amulet inside which she recognizes as a pagan creation. Meanwhile, in the cornfields, Isaac tells the others about Burt and Vicky and that they, like the "blue man"  must be killed to appease "He Who Walks Behind the Rows", who demanded Joseph for trying to escape. Reaching the town Burt and Vicky find it seemingly abandoned, the stoplight dead, with a calendar in a bar still reading 1963. Eventually coming across a church with a sermon board dated last week Burt goes in to investigate, ignoring Vicky\'s pleas that they should just leave . Inside the church, Burt finds various occult drawings, larger version of the trinket that was in Joseph\'s suitcase and a book listing the birthdays of the town\'s inhabitants. As Burt skims through the book, Vicky is surrounded and attacked by Malachai and several other boys  and manages to kill one of them with Burt\'s shotgun before Malachai stabs her. Hearing the shotgun blast, Burt rushes outside just as Malachai blows the car up. Chased by the children into an alleyway Burt is taunted by Isaac . Killing two of the older boys, Burt runs off into the cornfields, where the children refrain from going without either Isaac or Malachai. In the alleyway, Isaac confronts Malachai, telling him that by spilling Joseph\'s blood in the corn he has angered He Who Walks Behind The Rows. After questioning Malachai\'s faith, Isaac has him pray before the two regroup with their followers, who they tell must sacrifice Burt in the clearing where the blue man\'s corpse is held. After leading a song, Malachai and the children begin hunting Burt through the corn. While searching, Malachai is told by Nahum , one of the younger boys, that he had a vision of He Who Walks Behind The Rows, leading Malachai to believe Nahum is the new prophet and that Isaac\'s time is coming to an end. Before leaving to continue the search for Burt , Malachai mentions that they must finish the search before dark, as that is He Who Walks Behind the Row\'s time. Having lost a large amount of blood due to his arm injury, Burt begins having flashbacks to Vietnam and kills several of the children, including Nahum. At nightfall the worshipers abandon the search and return to the town. They have a feast prepared by the females, who seem concerned that Burt was not apprehended. Later that night, Isaac holds a sermon in the church based on the tenet of "be fruitful and multiply" and proclaims that the time of fertilization has come. He beckons a teenage girl  and boy  up to the front of the church and they immediately disrobe and have sex in front of the entire congregation, much to their excitement. In the fields, Burt, lost and delusional, has visions of all those he has killed, and begins wandering around aimlessly, searching for the road as the plant life begins attacking him. Soon, Burt finds the clearing and discovers Vicky who, like the blue man, has been made into a scarecrow. Hallucinating that Vicky\'s body is talking to him, Burt is faced by He Who Walks Behind The Rows, who proceeds to disembowel him and rip his eyes out in a form of ritual sacrifice. The next day, Isaac tells the children that He Who Walks Behind The Rows told him in a dream that He is displeased with their inability to kill Burt, who He had to dispose of Himself—like the blue man . Before burying their dead, Isaac tells everyone that the age of sacrifice has been lowered from nineteen to eighteen as punishment for their sins. After all the children leave Isaac stands in front of the a pile of the children\'s bodies and as he sets them on fire he looks at something and shouts "Scarecrow!". The scarecrow is revealed to be Burt. Later, Malachai and the other eighteen year-olds enter the cornfields at dusk, offering themselves to He Who Walks Behind The Rows. While saying goodbye, Malachai\'s pregnant lover Ruth , whose faith had earlier been shaken, has a vision of herself setting fire to the corn.'] ['It starred James Caan, Lukas Haas, and Lisa Bonet. Unlike the 1980 adaptation, it discards a significant portion of the plot, some minor characters, and much of the philosophical underpinnings of the book.'] ["A house owned by a church to be sold to fund the day care center's need of major remodeling. The pastor enlists three women to take on the project: Birdie, Rose, and Elizabeth. Initially they want to hire someone to do it all, but as their budget is limited, they realize they must to do it themselves. As they remodel the decrepit house, Elizabeth  discovers her marriage is over, Birdie  deals with her husband's retirement, and Rose  copes with the news that her husband , has been diagnosed with cancer. They also make unlikely friendships with men at the local hardware store, and their intimidating neighbor, Junior."] ['In the Victorian period, Ebenezer Scrooge  is a cynical and embittered old man whose greatest concern is money, and who regards compassion as a luxury he cannot afford. On Christmas Eve, Scrooge is visited by the ghost of Jacob Marley , his former business partner, who, as a result of his greed and mistreatment of the poor, is doomed to walk the earth forevermore, never to find rest or peace, fettered in chains of his own sins. Marley arranges for Scrooge to be visited by three spirits in an attempt to show him the errors of his ways and avoid the same horrid afterlife &mdash; the Ghosts of Christmases Past , Present , and Yet to Come ([[Michael Carter . The spirits force Scrooge to examine the failings of his own life, as well as the bravery and optimism of his loyal but ill-treated employee Bob Cratchit ([[David Warner . Scrooge reforms, learning to keep the spirit of Christmas alive in his heart, ultimately becoming a well-loved and respected man.'] ["When Wanda Holloway was a teen, her father forbade her to try out for her school's cheerleading team. Many years later, when Wanda had a daughter of her own, she was determined that her daughter would fulfill the dream she was denied and become a cheerleader--which would allow Wanda to make up that part of her childhood by reliving it through her daughter. The film takes place in Channelview, Texas. Wanda enrolls her daughter, Shanna, in various dance and gymnastics classes in order to enhance her prospects of becoming a cheerleader. She forces Shanna to practice for hours on end, despite sickness or injury. Wanda's best friend, Verna Heath, and her daughter, Amber, live next door to the Holloway family. Amber is the same age as Shanna and the two teenagers become friends. Verna had been a successful varsity cheerleader when she was young and holds the same ambition as Wanda for her own daughter. Leading up to the cheer-leading tryouts, jealousy sparks between Wanda and Verna, despite the fact that their daughters' friendship remains solid. In the months prior to the tryouts, Wanda forces Shanna to concentrate completely on cheer-leading. At the tryouts, Amber impresses the judges but Shanna is unable to, despite all of her training. Amber makes the squad and Shanna does not, disappointing both Shanna and Wanda. The fact that Shanna did not make it onto the team causes Amber to end the friendship between Verna and Wanda. Wanda, however, does not give up on seeing her daughter become a cheerleader and decides to try again next year. Every day until next year's try outs, Shanna practices frequently at her mother's command. When the time arrives, Amber makes the team and is even promoted to co-captain, but Shanna is disqualified, due to her mother's attempts to bribe the judges and other students. The shock of her daughter's failure for the second time puts Wanda into a mad fit of rage, anger, and jealousy. Wanda decides that if it was not for Amber, Shanna would have definitely been a cheerleader. She becomes obsessed with the notion that living next door to talented Amber had sapped Shanna's confidence and ruined her chances of success. Wanda meets her brother-in-law Terry to take a hit out on Amber and Verna. However, Terry is horrified by Wanda's hate for a 13-year-old girl. He disagrees with the murder of a young vibrant girl - especially over something as petty as cheer-leading. After the rendezvous, Terry decides to turn in Wanda to the police. He meets Wanda again, this time with a tape recorder in order to obtain proof of Wanda's desire to commit homicide. Terry sends the recorded message, along with background information, to the police. Wanda is arrested and sentenced to 15 years in prison, but is set free when it is discovered that a member of the jury at her trial was on probation. Wanda serves only six months for the attempted murder of Amber. In the end, Shanna decides it would be best to quit trying for the cheerleading team. Presently, Shanna and Wanda reside in California, where Shanna is taking modelling, singing and acting classes. Wanda hopes that one day, her daughter will be a famous Hollywood actress, no matter what it takes."] ['Admiral McKee  is retired, when following the events of 9/11 he receives a call from the White House informing him that his commander in chief requires him to serve his country once again. Shortly after this he is sworn into office as a senior member of the Office of Homeland Security under Tom Ridge. Once in office Admiral McKee faces the challenge of organising this new office so as to prevent further terrorist attacks against the United States. With this in mind Admiral McKee\'s wife, Elise Mckee, recommends he speaks to his friend, NSA Agent Sol Binder. Following a meeting with Sol Binder, Mckee recruits him into the Office of Homeland Security. After which Binder comes up with a plan for the new agency, all law enforcement agencies within the United States will have to put their rivalry aside and funnel all intelligence into the Office of Homeland Security. We first meet Agent Binder at the beginning of the film prior to the events of 9/11, where he is meeting with a group of NSA Agents with intelligence on a planned terrorist attack that is to take place in the United States where the number Nine and Eleven keep popping up, it is not until the day of the attacks that Binder was able to piece it together. It is Binder\'s belief that had there been a co-operative organisation such as the Office of Homeland Security the attacks could have been averted While the main concern of the film is the establishment of the Office of Homeland Security, which following Congress\' approval would become the Department of Homeland Security, there are a number of subplots involved in the film. Such sub plots are, The invasion of Afghanistan, use of precision-guided air strikes with weapons such as GPS-guided JDAMs, the pursuit of Osama Bin Laden and the destruction of Al\'Qaeda training camps in the middle east, as well as in the beginning of the film Admiral Mckees\' Daughter, Melissa, is due to leave New Jersey for San Francisco on September 11, 2001, she was due to board United Airlines Flight 93, following hearing an announcement on the news that United Airlines Flight 93 was hijacked and has gone down over Pennsylvania, the Admiral and his wife were distraught, shortly thereafter she contacted her parents and was upset and told them she was late and fortunately had missed her flight. That is not all Melissa saw that day. After the Pentagon was attacked, military command had received the executive order to investigate various aircraft that were off course, including Melissa\'s later flight, and to shoot down any that failed to comply with visual command. In a fictional engagement, three military jets engage the airliner, setting off the near collision alarm, one positioning itself in front of the airliner, another to the left. The nervous jet pilot behind the airliner nearly shoots it down before the airliner pilots comply with visual command and respond. The jet pilot is ordered to stand down, take a deep breath, and escort the airliner to O\'Hare Airport in Chicago, where Melissa first vigorously demands to know if they had almost been shot down. From a pay phone, Melissa called her parents and her boyfriend. Melissa demands from her mother, "Who is doing this to us?"'] ['Poirot joins his assistant Hastings in Acapulco, Mexico, where Hastings is staying. They go to a party at which the other guests include the writer Janet Crisp, the American actor Charles Cartwright, a clergyman called Babbington, Daisy Eastman and her daughter Egg, Dr Strange, and Ricardo Montoya. Babbington dies of poisoning, and then Strange is poisoned, too. Poirot hunts the murderer.'] ['The film\'s story is roughly based on Hans Christian Andersen\'s story "The Snow Queen" but features a number of significant changes. Most prominently are that Gerda and Kai are openly romantically attached to each other, instead of simply being best friends. Another significant change is that the opening and ending portions of the film take place in a modern "realistic" setting, while Gerda and Kai\'s adventures are dream-like and surreal. It is never explained whether the events experienced by Gerda and Kai really took place.  Gerda is initially in mourning over the death of her mother. Although her mother died nine years previous, Gerda has not been able to move on until she meets Kai. In this version Kai is a new staff member at the hotel owned by Gerda\'s father, and he immediately sets out to befriend Gerda and help her heal. It is because Kai has helped Gerda find new purpose in life that she sets out to rescue him when he is kidnapped by the Snow Queen. The Snow Queen refers to Gerda and Kai\'s relationship as "true love".  The Snow Queen in this version is intentionally malicious towards Gerda and desires to keep Kai for herself. Throughout the movie it is slowly revealed that the Snow Queen has been hoarding power for some time, intending to destroy all the other seasons and ruling the earth alone. She intended to achieve this goal using the Devil\'s mirror, which was shattered into thousands of pieces above the earth. The Snow Queen initially kidnaps Kai because the final piece of the mirror fell into his eye, but she takes him to her palace and charges him to fix the mirror the way it was. Additionally, it is implied that the Snow Queen caused the death of Gerda\'s mother because she was also a magically-inclined rival of the Snow Queen. There is also a minor sub-plot involving a fierce talking polar bear who is the Snow Queen\'s henchman, and stays by her side because he is in love with her. After her defeat he carries her off and is seen taking the form of an elegantly-dressed man.  Various characters that Gerda meets in the story have been altered. The witch of eternal summer has become the "Spring Witch", the prince and princess of the palace have been merged into the "Summer Princess" and the Robber Girl\'s mother has become the "Autumn Robber". In the film all three women are sisters of the Snow Queen who, like their winter sister, want to keep Gerda for various differing reasons. Together, the four sisters are known as the "Four Seasons". Gerda has to escape from all three women before she can face the Snow Queen herself. It is stated in the legend that the three sisters have been severely weakened by their sister\'s attempt to take absolute power. When they hold Greda they claim they are doing it for her own protection as their sister is stronger than they can ever imagine.  The magic mirror is the central piece of the plot and the catalyst for Gerda\'s adventure to rescue Kai. Listening to a legend it is learnt that the mirror was forged by Satan who gave it to the Four Season\'s so they could admire their work. When Spring, Summer and Autumn looked in to the mirror it reflected the essence of their power and promise of life while Winter saw a cold and barren reflection which was the way of her season. Satan however had made the mirror twisted so that, as Winter gazed at her reflection, she desired for that winter be absolute. Thus the Snow Queen one day steals the mirror, taking it to where no one can find it. This was not enough for the now Snow Queen since her sisters still lived though greatly weakened. Taking the mirror up to the sky she flew to Heaven to demand that Winter be made the dominant power on Earth. The magic of the mirror and the magic of heaven did not sit well together and the mirror shattered scattering to the four winds and starting the quest for the recovery of the shards that fell into human eyes.'] ['A newlywed couple decide to move to Alaska to live in the wilderness. Caught by a violent storm while they are hundreds of miles away from the nearest town, the couple are forced to turn their weaknesses into strengths in order to survive.They have no one else to depend on except for themselves. This film was based on a true story.'] ["The Bergman sisters could not be more different. While Jessica is a feisty tomboy who loves to help her father work their farmland, her beautiful sister, Meg, is eagerly being groomed by her mother, Hester, to be the perfect wife so that she can marry her way out of poverty. However, when the man that Meg has set her sights on falls in love with Jessica and gets her pregnant, Hester pitilessly schemes to wrench the couple apart to claim Jessica's son, Joey for Meg, and finally commits Jessica to a mental asylum. It is here that Jessica receives news of her lover's death and almost loses hope, but after enlisting the help of Mr. Runche, a down and out lawyer battling alcoholism, she is eventually released. Years later, it is the reformed Runche who gives Jessica the courage to fight for the return of her child. Eventually Meg and Hester call an uneasy truce with Jessica and allow her to play a role in Joey's life as his aunt. The film ends with Jessica's death from a snake bite and an older Joey visiting her grave."] ['Eloise is a fun-loving six-year-old girl with a knack for finding adventure every place she looks. While under the care of her "rawther" wonderful nanny , Eloise tries to play matchmaker to a lonely prince and wrangle an invitation to the society event of the season.'] ['Ruby and Garnet are identical twins, who once lived with their Dad and their Gran. Their mother, Opal died after their birth. They are happy together, but then Dad gets a new girlfriend, Rose. The twins and Gran hate her. Dad decides to make things worse for them when he loses his job. He sends Gran to a Senior Citizens\' Home and takes his three girls to the country, to open a bookshop. The bookshop more or less fails. The twins make enemies with an overweight boy they nickname "Blob" and his gang. In the book the twins are brunettes, but in the film they are redheads. Because they totally loathe their new life, they do everything bad at school and then regret it. They apologise to Dad and make him biscuits. Whilst doing this, Ruby comes across a Newspaper Advert for an audition for a Television adaptation of the novel "The Terrible Tempest Twins," which was probably named after Zoe and Chloe. Garnet isn\'t keen but Ruby insists on asking Dad. He clearly says no, so Ruby steals money from Rose and makes Garnet go to Birmingham with her to the audition. The casting director  is very impressed with Ruby. But then it\'s Garnet\'s turn and she goes completely blank. Dad turns up and he is furious. When they are watching the news that night, Ruby appears on TV giving a quick wave to the camera. Then they show the filming location, a boarding school called Marnock Heights. Ruby insists on secretly writing a letter to the headteacher, to try to get Garnet and her a place. They get a reply with a brochure. Then they realise when they show Dad and Rose, that it costs £10,000, unless they get a scholarship. They sit an entrance exam, but only one girl can get the scholarship. Ruby is so confident that it\'s her, that when Garnet gets the place, she goes on a hateful resentment towards her, desperate to be different. Garnet copies her to be her twin, and then Ruby loses the rag completely and violently chops off her pigtails. She won\'t talk to Garnet at all and says "they are split for ever and ever" and then the day comes when Garnet is going to Marnock Heights, when Ruby suddenly regrets her actions and apologises. They make up and Garnet later calls her with her new mobile and everything is brilliant, considering she was really nervous beforehand. The film closes with the quote "We\'ll always be Ruby and Garnet, for ever and ever and ever."'] [' The movie opens with a scene that is repeated later in the film in which a reporter meets with police searching a cavern. He is told a Mazes and Monsters game got out of hand. Robbie Wheeling  starts college at the fictional Grant University and soon develops a group of friends, all of whom have their own personal problems and issues. JayJay  feels marginalized by his mother who constantly redecorates his room, Kate  has had a series of failed relationships, Daniel\'s  parents reject his dream of becoming a video game designer, and Robbie\'s alcoholic mother and strict father fight constantly and he is still tormented by the mysterious disappearance of his brother Hall. They are fans of a game called Mazes and Monsters, a fantasy roleplaying game that had previously caused Robbie to flunk out of his last school when he became too obsessed with it. Though he is reluctant, the other three students convince him to start playing again with them. Through the course of playing the game, Robbie and Kate begin a serious relationship, in which he confides in her that he still has nightmares about his missing brother. Eventually, JayJay, upset by feeling left out by his friends, decides to commit suicide in a local cavern. In the process of planning it out, he changes his mind and decides the cavern would be better suited to a new Mazes and Monsters campaign. He dramatically kills off his character to force them to start a new campaign, in which he describes they will be living out their fantasy. During the actual spelunking, Robbie experiences a psychotic episode, where he hallucinates that he has slain a monster, called a Gorvil. From this point forward, Robbie believes he is actually his character, the cleric Pardieu. This leads him to break off his relationship with Kate , and to start drawing maps that will lead him to a sacred person he has seen in his dreams called the Great Hall. In his dream, the Great Hall tells him to go to the Two Towers, which is in fact the World Trade Center, and he believes that by jumping off of them and casting a spell, he will finally join the Great Hall. His friends have reported him to the police while concealing their trip into the caverns, and eventually deduce his location in New York and stop him from jumping. The movie ends with the friends visiting Robbie at his parents\' estate. Though he is now in regular counseling, it is implied that Robbie will live out the rest of his life trapped in his imaginary world believing that he is still Pardieu, that his friends are really their characters, and that he is living at an inn  and paying for his boarding with a magic coin, which "magically" reappears on his bedside table each morning. The other three friends engage him one last time in a "game" of Mazes and Monsters, letting Robbie dictate the events to them.'] ["Recount chronicles the 2000 United States Presidential Election Bush v. Gore case between Governor of Texas George W. Bush and Vice President Al Gore. It begins with the election on November 7 and ends with the Supreme Court ruling, which stopped the Florida election recount on December 12. Key points depicted include Gore's retraction of his personal telephone concession to Bush in the early hours of November 8; the decision by the Gore campaign to sue for hand recounts in Democratic strongholds where voting irregularities were alleged, especially in light of the statistical dead heat revealed by the reported machine recount; Republican pressure on Florida’s Secretary of State Katherine Harris in light of her legally mandated responsibilities; the attention focused on the hand recounts by media, parties, and the public; the two major announcements by Florida Supreme Court spokesman Craig Waters extending the deadline for returns in the initial recount  and ordering a statewide recount of votes , and later overturned by the United States Supreme Court; and finally the adversarial postures of the Supreme Courts of Florida and the United States, as well as the dissenting opinions among the justices of the higher court."] ['The film opens in 1934 with Winston Churchill deep in his wilderness years, and struggling to complete his biography of his ancestor the Duke of Marlborough, which he hopes will revive his fortunes. Winston is chided by his wife Clemmie for their lack of money and is aware that as a \'man of destiny\' his moment may have passed. At the same time he struggles in the House of Commons as a backbencher to get a hearing for his concerns about German re-armament under Hitler and the policy of appeasement. Churchill is also disappointed by the behaviour of his son Randolph Churchill, which leads to further arguments with Clemmie, who announces she is leaving to go on an extended overseas trip. Churchill is devastated and throws himself into his pet activities: painting, and building walls around the family house. Clemmie eventually returns, and the couple are reconciled. During the same period, a young official in the government, Ralph Wigram  has become concerned about the growth of the German Luftwaffe , and is convinced by his wife to leak information about it to Churchill. Shortly afterwards, Churchill uses Wigram\'s information to launch an attack on Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin . With Churchill\'s fortunes restored, the narrative jumps forward to September 1939, with the declaration of war against Germany at the start of World War II, and the announcement that Churchill will be taking over command of the Royal Navy again as First Lord of the Admiralty. An impatient Churchill bids farewell to the staff at the country house, and travels to London. Arriving in the middle of the night at the Admiralty, Churchill is met by a Royal Marine corporal who informs him the fleet have already been signalled that "Winston is Back", to which Churchill replies, "He bloody well is!"'] ['In 1966, a U.S. military station, the United States Decoding Service,  NASA Wing, in Dallas, has intercepted a message, and after decoding, the message contains only the cryptic statement, "Mars Needs Women". Apparently, Martians have a genetic deficiency that produces only male babies. A mission to Earth is launched, consisting of five Martians, led by Dop . The team intends to recruit women to come to Mars, and select five prospective candidates. Using their sophisticated transponder, the leader attempts to make contact with the military who have tracked their arrival on Earth. When the U.S. military see the Martians as invaders, the team takes on the guise of Earthlings, and acquire human clothes, money, maps and transportation. They set their sights on a number of women including a stewardess, stripper and, especially, a Pulitzer Prize winning scientist, Dr. Bolen , an expert in space genetics. Resorting to hypnosis, the women are captured. Dop becomes enamored with Dr. Bolen, and is ready to sabotage the mission. After the military forces discover their hideout, the Martians are eventually forced to go back to Mars without their captives.'] ["Branch Rickey, played by Edward Herrmann, is the owner of the Brooklyn Dodgers who is determined to integrate Major League Baseball. He begins sending his scouts to Negro League games to find the best players. Rickey directs his scouts to look not only at playing ability but also at the players' maturity and capacity to withstand the hostility that is sure to be directed at the first black player in the Major Leagues. Robinson gradually comes to Rickey's notice both for his skills on the field and his personal background. Although Paige and Gibson are far more prominent, Rickey decides to pass them over, concerned about Paige's age and reports about Gibson's mental stability. Rickey makes history by signing Robinson to the first contract between a black man and a Major League Baseball franchise. This alienates Robinson from his two friends at first, until Paige enlists Robinson's help in getting Gibson temporarily released from a mental hospital so that the three men can all play in the annual exhibition game between the All-Stars of the Major Leagues and the Negro League. The game is rained out, but Paige and Gibson seem reconciled to Robinson's being signed ahead of them. The movie concludes by showing scenes from Robinson's successful career with the Dodgers, as well as Paige's later signing by the Cleveland Indians. Gibson died from a brain aneurysm at the age of 36 before he could ever play a game in the Major Leagues. All three men are later inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame."] ['Based loosely on Shakespeare\'s play King Henry IV , Patrick Lehane  and Jamie Collins  are cops. They are also cousins and Patrick is Jamie\'s boss. Patrick is the "by-the-books" cop while Jamie is the always-breaking-the-rules type of cop who is also dealing with a drug addiction. As their relationship comes to a crossroads, Jamie is forced to clean up his act and Patrick gets involved in questionable police work which leads to dirty money and murder. He also has a wife  and daughter  to protect.'] ["A former All-American basketball player lands a job as assistant coach for a three-time championship girls' high school basketball team. After the head coach has a heart attack, she takes over and clashes with several parents who push their daughters to win at all costs. *Terry Farrell ... Laura Mosbach *Adrian Pasdar ... Eric Harrison *Sumela Kay ... Carly Harrison *Sherry Miller ... Jennifer Blackstone *Barry Flatman ... Jerry Blackstone *Lawrence Dane ... Coach Tom Holliday *Josh Buckle ... Zack Mosbach *Amy Rutherford ... Danielle Blackstone *Courtney Hawkrigg ... Sheryl Baines *Courtenay Betts ... Amy Fulton *Serena Lee ... Marcy Houston *Jamie Robinson ... Reggie Williams *Taylor Abrahamse ... Robert Blackstone *Bill Lake ... Joe Fulton *Phillip Jarrett ... Coach Davidson *Michael Falloon ... Streetsville Referee *Beverly Cooper ... Pam Baines  *Ron Gabriel ... Eric's Lawyer *Mishu Vellani ... Prosecutor *David Clement ... Judge *Tony Meyler ... School Board Member *Ola Sturik ... TV Sportscaster *Kathryn Long ... Tiger Captain"] ['{{plot}} In a flashback to 1991, while riding his bike through the woods, a young boy spots a woman darting between the trees. He puts down his bike and runs after her. The woman meets up with another woman, they speak briefly and run together through the woods until they arrive at an old stone house. The boy continues after them, peeks through the window of the house and watches as they wildly slaughter a rooster. The women spot the boy at the window and chase after him, saying "You\'ll be sorry, I\'ll kill you, You\'ll never get away from us". The flashback ends. A young man, Julio, working late at night spies an attractive neighbor girl getting dressed. He watches her through binoculars as she takes off her red bra. The next morning, he rides his motorbike to his girlfriend\'s apartment to pick her up. After they make love in his apartment, the girlfriend leaves and Julio stays behind, watching the neighbors out the window. Julio sees Sasha  having an argument with her mother. Later in the day, he meets her by chance at a video rental store. He doesn\'t speak to her, but he watches her as she talks with another woman, Federica. The two women both want to rent "Strangers on a Train". They talk and become friends. Julio rents some films by Fritz Lang whom he is studying for his thesis. Later that night as Julio is watching his film while smoking marijuana, he sees Sasha watching her movies in the apartment across the street. Her mother tells her angrily to turn down the volume. Sasha meanders out to the balcony where she briefly sees Julio. He ducks back into his apartment. The next day, Julio is back at the video store and sees Federica as she rents "Strangers on a Train". The creepy video store guy makes some advances towards her, but she\'s not interested and drives away. Later, while riding his bicycle, Julio sees Sasha and Federica having lunch by a fountain, talking closely, almost intimately. In the next scene, an intruder uses a key to enter Sasha\'s apartment while her mother is home alone watching TV. The intruder murders Sasha\'s mother with a brass pestle. Julio is awakened later that night by the sounds of the police cars which have come to investigate. Sasha is being questioned. Julio meets the video store guy the next morning and they talk briefly about the murder. They both attend Sasha\'s mother\'s funeral. Julio meets his girlfriend for lunch. Reading the newspaper, he finds out that Sasha Zerboni was an only child. Her mother was a rich widow. Julio tells his girlfriend that he\'s been thinking about "Strangers on a Train" all day. They rent it and watch it together. He suspects that Sasha and Federica are in an agreement like that of "Strangers on a Train". His girlfriend says he\'s crazy. In the course of their conversation, she realizes that he\'s been watching Sasha out his window. Later, Julio sees a woman cleaning Sasha\'s mother\'s apartment. He goes across the street and finds the cleaning crew mopping up the bloody crime scene. After a brief exchange with the crew chief, Julio dashes out. He snatches a letter out of the Zerboni mailbox and is almost caught by a neighbor. He reads the letter in the lift up to his apartment. It\'s a bank statement with almost 1 million Euros in the account. At his home, he is surprised to find his mother there, cleaning it. She previously told Julio she\'s getting remarried, to her tennis coach, and wants Julio to meet the guy. Eventually, she leaves for an appointment. Sasha comes back to her apartment where the crew chief tells her about Julio\'s visit, and that he lives across the street. She knows he\'s been watching her. While Julio showers, someone breaks into his apartment. The intruder breaks an empty wine bottle and flees when Julio hears the noise and jumps out of the shower. Julio calls his girlfriend and asks her to come over to spend the night because he\'s nervous. Julio and his girlfriend discuss the situation. She\'s more interested in making love. When he insists that it is now Sasha\'s turn to kill someone close to Federica , she says he needs to see a shrink and storms out. The next day, Julio has his locks changed. He passes by the video store and the video guy tells him that Sasha had been in and asked about him, saying that she knew he watched her. That night, Julio has a nightmare flashback to the first scene with the two women slaughtering the rooster. It becomes obvious that he is the boy in that scene. He awakes to hear someone trying to break into his apartment, but the intruder runs away before Julio can get the door unlocked and give chase. The following day, Julio returns "Strangers on a Train" to the video store. The video guy  asks Julio to mind the store while he steps out. Julio agrees and while Andrea is away, he looks up Federica\'s address on the store computer. In the middle of his poking around, Sasha comes into the store and they speak briefly. She sees that he has returned "Strangers on a Train" and she puts it back on the shelf. Julio rides his motorbike to Federica\'s apartment and follows her when she leaves. He drives wildly after her until she arrives at her office at Oniusaxo & Co. - Studio Immobiliare . Through the window, he sees Federica\'s boss grope her inappropriately. At the end of the day, Federica hesitatingly gets into the boss\'s car with him. She is clearly unhappy to be there. They arrive at the boss\'s apartment and Julio, having followed them there, sees them arguing in a second floor window. Julio scampers up a ledge to a second floor balcony as it starts to rain. He can see and hear Federica and her boss arguing in bed. The boss is blackmailing Federica because of some money she stole from a client. He is forcing her to submit to him sexually in exchange for not reporting her. In the middle of the boss\'s forcing himself upon Federica, he spots Julio looking through the window. Julio tries to scamper back down the ledge, but he falls and fractures his ankle in the process. The boss gives chase and Julio limps to his motorbike and just barely escapes, slipping and falling in the rain several times while the boss pursues him. Julio\'s mom takes him to the doctor who tells him he\'ll have to be in a cast for several weeks. Julio\'s girlfriend comes over to his place to help him mend, but when he starts telling her what happened and his theory of how Federica wants Sasha to kill her boss, the girlfriend says he\'s crazier than ever and storms out, saying she never wants to see him again. Just as Julio\'s girlfriend is leaving, Andrea, the video guy comes to visit Julio. He\'s brought some classic Hitchcock videos for Julio to watch while he\'s laid up. He asks to use the bathroom and a few minutes later tells Julio that the tap is stuck and won\'t turn off. When Julio enters the bathroom, Andrea grabs him and tries to drown him in the tub. While Julio and Andrea are struggling, Julio\'s mother and her fiancée come to visit Julio. Hearing the screams from inside the apartment, the fiancée breaks down the door and pulls Andrea off Julio. While Julio\'s mother revives Julio, the fiancée chases after Andrea. As they leave the apartment, Andrea runs across the street and is fatally hit by a car. Sasha looks down from her balcony, realizes what happened and becomes physically ill. The police come and arrest Sasha and detectives speak to Julio. Later, Julio\'s girlfriend, Ariana, comes over and they make up. Julio explains that Sasha\'s plot was more similar to the film "Dial M for Murder" in which a man hires a killer to kill his wife. Here, Sasha hired Andrea to kill her mother. As Ariana is closing the window, she sees a woman dressed in black approaching Sasha\'s apartment. Despite Julio\'s protests, Ariana insists on chasing after her to see what she\'s doing. Julio sees through his binoculars that the woman is Federica, in disguise. She is looking for the key which she mistakenly left in Sasha\'s apartment. Julio realizes that Federica was the real killer of Sasha\'s mother and that Andrea must have joined them later. Julio calls Ariana on her cell phone, but she refuses to give up the pursuit despite his protests that Federica is a killer. Julio calls the inspector and he responds immediately, arriving at Sasha\'s apartment before Ariana has a chance to confront Federica. They chase her up to the rooftop where she threatens to jump off. Federica slips off the edge of the building, but the inspector catches her by the arm before she falls. The inspector and Ariana manage to haul Federica up to safety, at which point she is placed under arrest. In the final scene, Julio\'s cast is off and he is exercising. Julio gets a phone call from his mother and while they talk he sees a light go on in Sasha\'s former apartment. Another beautiful woman has taken residence in the apartment. She is almost naked and reading a book on the couch. She sees Julio watching her from across the street, but doesn\'t seem to mind. Julio stands staring with mouth agape.'] ['The film opens with a baby dinoshark swimming away from a broken chunk of Arctic glacier that calved due to global warming. Three years later, the dinoshark is a ferocious predatory adult and kills tourists and locals offshore from Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. The protagonist, Trace, is first to notice the Dinoshark and witnesses his friend get eaten, but has trouble convincing people that a creature of such antiquity is still alive and eating people. After its apparently killed by a grenade, it surfaces, but is killed with a spear through the eye, its only weak-spot.'] ['Judy Davis and Jonathan Jackson portray a mother and son in this fictional account of the life of the pair from 1981 to 2004.'] ['A preacher  witnesses his family and a group of refugees seeking shelter in his church murdered by a gang of ruthless outlaws led by Colonel Cusack . After his wife makes him promise to never seek revenge, he instead becomes a bounty hunter. When he steps in to defend a woman in a saloon, the bad guy and his two friends , give him a beating and toss him into the street. A woman with a "past", named Maggie , takes him in to care for him. He stays in her extra room, but she insists he give up his gun while at her home because she has a daughter. The local sheriff, on Cusacks\'s payroll, is meanwhile trying to run off some squatters. The Sheriff\'s gang attempts to intimidate the squatters, but once The Preacher learns of the Sheriff\'s and The Colonel\'s dealings, he visits the squatters, who tell him they paid for the land but never got the deed. A few days later the Sheriff\'s posse burns down a few of the squatter\'s tents. The Preacher attempts to negotiate peacefully with the Sheriff, and so visits Cusack. Cusack tries to persuade The Preacher to join his mob, which he refuses. The Sheriff then sends a message to The Preacher by having some of his men rough up Maggie. Unarmed still because of his agreement with Maggie, The Preacher catches the gang in the act and overcomes one of the men\'s guns, scaring the men off. The Preacher gets his gun back from Maggie and sets out to visit the Squatters again, and is met by the Sheriff and some of his gang. The Preacher, now armed, tells the Sheriff that the squatters have a right to stay. Gunfire ensues, and The Preacher shoots the sheriff. The rest of the bad guys run off. The Preacher then pays a visit to Cusack for a final showdown, and obtains the deed for the squatters. As he turns to leave, having satisfied his purpose for the visit, the Colonel tries to shoot him, but The Preacher is faster and kills Cusack. The Preacher returns to Maggie and her daughter.'] ['The story revolves around three adopted sisters, Pauline, Petrova and Posy Fossil. They live in near poverty with Sylvia Brown and Nana. Sylvia is the niece of "Gum" , a somewhat wealthy paleontologist who leaves for an expedition and does not return, leaving the girls to fend for themselves. They have to sell some of his fossils in order to clear rooms for boarders — the friendly, learned Dr. Jakes and Dr. Smith, the helpful dance instructor Theo Danes, and handsome John Simpson. The story eventually focuses on the various talents of the girls: acting, machinery and ballet. Pauline has a talent for acting and auditions for the role of Alice in Alice in Wonderland. After landing the role, she allows her growing accomplishments to inflate her ego, and she begins acting rudely and bossing around her sisters. Finally, her pride and constant rule-breaking lead to her losing the part to her jealous rival Winifred, teaching her an important lesson in humility. She tries film acting and finds it very difficult, exasperating the well-meaning director Mr. Sholsky. At the end of the movie she is offered a contract from a studio in the United States, but only decides to go after realizing how the extra money could benefit her family. Posy thinks about becoming a ballet dancer. After showcasing her amazing talent for ballet to one of the boarders, also a dancer, she begins attending a stage school in order to be taught ballet. The ballet school\'s mistress, Madame Fidolia, is able to see instantly that Posy possesses considerable talent and begins to teach her privately so that she may learn more advanced techniques. When Madame Fidolia suddenly suffers a stroke while watching a ballet with Posy, Posy is more upset over her own lost career opportunities than in the welfare of her beloved teacher. Deciding that she cannot give up on her abilities, she sneaks into a practice of a famous Russian ballet. After being caught, and after the initial dislike from the teacher for not being Russian herself, she impresses him with her ability to dance and is offered a part in the company, though she is required to move to Prague. Petrova is Russian, though she does not speak any Russian, having been brought up in England. She wants to work with mechanisms, such as cars and motors. Her biggest wish is to fly, but Pauline convinces her to join a stage production; Petrova later warns her sister to cease prolonging this ordeal. At the end of the movie, Pauline and Posy promise to make their sister go down in history, and not themselves, since they already have achieved their dreams. At the end of the film, when Gum has returned, Petrova flies off in an airplane above the place of Sylvia\'s wedding with John Simpson, with whom Sylvia had fallen in love.'] ["The film revolves around Tory Bodeen , who is blessed - or maybe cursed - with the ability to see the past and present. The film starts with Tory returning to the small town where she grew up, the town where her best friend Hope was killed as a young child. Tory's father, an abusive religious fanatic, remains the prime suspect in the unsolved murder. As the anniversary of Hope's death approaches, Tory resolves to face her demons, with the help of her childhood friends -- Tory's cousin Wade , Hope's twin sister Faith , and her older brother Cade , who realizes his childhood crush on Tory hasn't ended. Will her friends be enough to save Tory?"] ['Jason "Jace" Newfield ([[Andrew Lawrence  is the new blind student at his school, whose family recently moved from New York City to somewhere in Utah. Thinking that his way to fit in is through playing the drums, he shows off in class only to find out that his band teacher, Mr.Wyatt, is also blind. He later finds out from one of his friends, Vincent \'Fly\' Shu, that the only way to fit in is to be a jock. However, his other friend, Mary Beth Rice, is becoming increasingly irritated by his "New Yorker\'s rule!" jokes and tells him that the reason no one is willing to be his friend is not because he is blind but because he is acting like a jerk. So in an effort to help Jace fit in, she asks him to try out for the wrestling team. \'Fly\' unwillingly tries out for the team with Jace, and they both make it. Throughout the course of the season he slowly starts to fit in with some of the students that gave him a hard time at the beginning of his year at the school. At the end of the season, they go on to the state championship. It ends with a reporter interviewing Jace\'s teammates about his wrestling; they deny that he is even blind, because they realize that he is a significant person, and they accept him for who he is and not just a blind person, which is what they saw at first.'] ["The film revolves around crisis negotiator, Lieutenant Phoebe MacNamara . Phoebe struggles with the pressures of her job, raising her young daughter, and taking care of her agorophobic mother . While talking down a suicidal man, Phoebe meets his ex-boss, Duncan Swift , who can't resist her take-charge attitude, and attempts to earn her affections. Though she tries to resist his charms, Phoebe soon realizes no amount of negotiation will keep Duncan at arms length. After being attacked and handcuffed by an unknown assailant in the staircase of her precinct, Phoebe starts receiving a series of mysterious and threatening messages. Soon, she discovers she is the target of a psychopathic killer, out to destroy her after the death of his fiancee in a bank robbery. He believes that her death is Phoebe's fault, as she was the negotiator working the case."] ['In Switzerland in 1948, a group of miners in a salt mine discover giant prehistoric rhinoceros beetles. The beetles attack the miners, and swiftly killing them. Present day, a cave tour guide John Palmer  is offered, by Vincent  and Sophia , to take a group of explorers down into the salt mine. John agrees to take the group, consisting of Vincent, Sophia, Marcel , Hanz , Carlo  and Ion , into the mine, not realizing the group are, in fact, high profile thieves who are seeking emeralds in the mine. John also takes his reluctant family, Samantha , Emily  and Miles , who stay in a cabin near the mine with one of the thieves, Stephan . John takes the group into the mine the following day. As they explore, Ion leaves the group for a cigarette. Marcel follows him and the pair get into a fight, which results in Marcel pushing Ion over a ledge, where he is attacked by one of the beetles. Meanwhile, Miles discovers the entrance to the mine and enters alone. Samantha soon notices the absence of Miles and begins to search for him, sending Emily and Stephan out to look for him also. Back in the mine, Marcel tells the group Ion fell, and persists the group continue to explore. However John demands the group leave the mine, but Marcel blackmails John, telling him he will instruct Stephan to kill Samantha and Emily if they turn back. Marcel then talks to Stephan on a walkie-talkie and tells him to tie Samantha and Emily up in the cabin. As Stephan is about to take Emily hostage, Samatha arrives and knocks him out. In the mine, the group search for the emeralds, before they are attacked by the beetles, killing Carlo. The rest of the group fend the beetles off with their guns. However a cave-in occurs, causing a crack to appear in the ground in the forest near Samantha and Emily. A number of beetles escape and begin to chase them back to the cabin. Inside, Samantha attempts to get into contact with John on the walkie talkie, however when this fails Samantha and Emily decide to leave the cabin armed with a gun, only to both be knocked unconscious by Stephan. Meanwhile, Marcel forces the group to continue to the emeralds causing tensions to run high. Marcel and Vincent get into an argument, leading Marcel to shoot Vincent dead before the survivours are once again attacked by the beetles, but manage to escape. When Samantha and Emily wake up, Stephan does not believe their warnings of the beetles, however he is soon decapitated when the beetles attack the cabin, while Samantha and Emily escape. In the mine, Miles is chased by a beetle, but is saved by John, Sophia and Hanz, while Marcel sneaks away to get the emeralds. The others catch up with Marcel as he collects the emeralds, and find a way to an exit, but Marcel believes they will send him to prison, so shoots Hanz before a beetle tears Marcel in half. John, Sophie and Miles continue their escape, while a barely alive Hanz is eventually killed by the beetles. John, Sophia and Miles reach an exit, but a queen beetle blocks their path. John shoots the queen, injuring it. On the surface, Samantha and Emily are attacked by a group of the beetles. Emily contacts John on the walkie talkie, allowing the beetles on the surface to hear the queen beetle in pain, resulting in the beetles going down into the mine. John and Miles set down explosives in the mine before they escape with Sophia as the beetles are killed in the explosions and collapse of the mine. Reaching the surface, Sophia gives John a bag of the emeralds, while taking some for herself, before leaving the re-united family.'] ['F. Ross Johnson decides to take the tobacco and food conglomerate RJR Nabisco private after receiving advance news of the likely market failure of the company\'s smokeless cigarette called Premier, the development of which had been intended to finally boost the company\'s stock price.O\'Connor, John J. Review/Television; Those Good Old Takeover Days. The New York Times, New York, March 18, 1993. The free-spending Johnson\'s bid for the company is opposed by two of the pioneers of the leveraged buyout, Henry Kravis and his cousin. Kravis feels betrayed when, after Johnson initially discusses doing the LBO with Kravis, he takes the potentially enormous deal to another firm, American Express\' former Shearson Lehman Hutton division. Other bidders emerge, including Ted Forstmann and his company, Forstmann Little, after Kravis and Johnson are unable to reconcile their differences. The title of the movie comes from a statement by Forstmann in which he calls that Kravis\' money "phoney junk bond crap" and how he and his brother are "real people with real money," and that it\'s necessary to stop raiders like Kravis: "we need to push the barbarians back from the city gates." The bids for RJR Nabisco rise astronomically into the billions as the company\'s board encourages the competition, which Kravis ultimately wins, even though Johnson\'s final bid is higher.'] ['Flynn Carsen  travels to an auction house in England in order to bid on a priceless Ming vase on behalf of the Library. During the bidding war that ensues, he accidentally both outbids his competitor by going over budget and has a fight with his girlfriend on the phone. Once he has signed for the vase, he promptly breaks it open, revealing the philosopher\'s stone, the most powerful transmutational artifact in existence, known for changing any object instantly into gold. As his opponent bidder and henchman ambush him for the stone, he deftly defends it by combining historical knowledge and swordplay throughout the auction house, concurrently parrying his opponents\' blows while the two debate the pricing of the items within. Once Flynn has won the duel, he proceeds to his hotel lobby, hoping to repair his relationship with his girlfriend, only to find that she has abandoned him after a string of disappointments. Meanwhile, in Carpathia, former KGB agents led by Sergei Kubichek , nostalgic for the defunct Soviet Union, have hatched a plot to resurrect the famous vampire, Prince Vlad Dracula, in order to create an army of invincible undead soldiers. Having secured the corpse in the tomb, they only need to secure a historical item, the "Judas Chalice", to ensure that they can resurrect and control him. To this effect, they travel to Bucharest and kidnap Professor Lazlo , a genius historian with a penchant for vampire lore, who has been searching for the chalice for years. The former agents cajole the crippled professor, who half-heartedly joins them. While he cares nothing for the politics, he has spent most of his life searching for the chalice, and he sees this as his best chance to secure it. Using a handful of scrolls created by French monks, Professor Lazlo deduces that there is a marker that partially gives location of the chalice in New Orleans. At first, Flynn\'s return to New York is marked with some playful criticism for going over budget. The auction house is in dispute over the check that he wrote , and his suggestion of using the philosopher\'s stone to pay off the debt is met with resistance since standing policy is that the Library must not profit from its treasures. This exasperates the already frustrated Flynn at the duality of his life; while he enjoyed the Library initially, he has come to resent it, now associating each historical treasure with a personal sacrifice made to get it. Feeling that his personal life is suffering and his mental health deteriorating, none of his friends, including Judson , Charlene , and Excalibur , are able to bring him out of it. Unanimously, the Library staff suggest that Flynn take a vacation, for as long as he needs with some discretionary funding, until he feels ready to return to work. During his short vacation at home, he is encouraged by Charlene to travel just for fun, and she lends him some travel brochures. Haunted by strange dreams, Flynn chooses to go to New Orleans, and quickly finds himself in the midst of the conspiracy. Traveling to a converted church turned nightclub, he meets the alluring singer Simone Renoir , who reveals to him that she had contacted him through his dreams in his capacity as the Librarian, since she is the guardian of the first marker. While examining it, they are attacked, and narrowly escape the former KGB agents. After their escape, Flynn and Simone take off for a night of fun through the town, and the two quickly form a romantic attachment. The following day, Flynn goes to a local barbershop and has a brief discussion with Judson, who has appeared in New Orleans to fill him in on the enfolding conspiracy and provide answers about the previous night\'s attack. The Judas Chalice is the sacrilegious vampire version of the Holy Grail, formed from the 30 pieces of silver given to Judas Iscariot after he betrayed Jesus Christ. Revealing that vampires exist and are evil, Judson advises Flynn to intercept the chalice before Sergei Kubichek and his men do. In doing so, he also gives Flynn crucial tips about killing vampires: they have an aversion to silver and if they are staked through the heart, it must be with Aspen wood, the tree that Judas hanged himself on. With renewed purpose, Flynn deciphers the clues on the first marker, which takes him to the tomb of Marie Laveau, the "voodoo queen" of New Orleans, and he discovers the second marker, only to be ambushed by Kubichek\'s men. Once taken into custody, and revealing that he speaks Russian, Kubichek questions Flynn about the marker. Flynn refuses to break under interrogation, claiming that Kubichek will need him to solve the other clues. Kubichek reveals the kidnapped Professor Lazlo to Flynn as the expert guiding his expedition. Flynn not only knows Lazlo, but also greatly admires his work. Flynn reluctantly admits that Kubichek could definitely kill him and find the chalice with only Lazlo\'s help. In response, Flynn is poisoned with an hallucinogenic compound so that they can blame his death on an accident. Before it kicks in, Flynn escapes his binds  and attempts to release Professor Lazlo. The two examine the second marker and, working in nearly perfect synchrony, decipher the second marker\'s clues. Unfortunately, the hallucinogen begins to take effect before Flynn can free the professor, who encourages Flynn to leave without him since his handicap will only slow them down. Flynn flees through a carnival-styled party on New Orleans streets until he is cornered by Kubichek\'s men. Held at gunpoint with the visions wearing off, he is saved by Simone, who appears and mystically attacks Kubichek\'s henchmen by turning into mist and demonstrating super-strength. However, one of the men manages to shoot her in the chest with a shotgun blast, and Flynn, believing her to be dead, manages to use one of the fallen pistols to shoot out a gas pipe, strikes his thumb across a packet of matches, and sets the gas on fire. This prevents Kubichek\'s henchman from getting close and gives Flynn enough time to carry Simone\'s body outside. After checking her vital signs and believing her dead, Flynn grieves until she rises up next to him. In shock and feeling the after effects of the poison, he passes out. Awakening, he finds himself in Simone\'s home. She explains that she is a vampire, born in Paris, France in 1603, and turned at age 25. She had been a promising opera singer, deeply in love with a university teacher , until a chance encounter with a vampire changed her. If killed, her soul will never rest until she finds and destroys the vampire who created her, then she can die in peace. Due to her conflicted soul, she chose to guard the chalice from the forces of darkness and aid the monks who hid it in New Orleans, which she has done for two hundred years. As their relationship develops, they agree to work together to find the chalice. The following day, Flynn and Simone travel to the chalice\'s final resting place, a wrecked pirate ship once belonging to Jean Lafitte, with whom Simone had a brief friendship. Finding the chalice in the ship\'s hold, they are again ambushed by Kubichek and his men with Lazlo in tow. Flynn and Simone are held at bay, then trapped on board while Kubichek gets away with the chalice. Simone is too weak to break them free because she has not fed in over two days. Flynn uses a ship\'s cannons to blast down one of the doors. After breaking free, Simone steals their boat, abandoning Flynn for his own good and to find Kubichek. Flynn, hurt but nonetheless determined, makes his way back to the mainland and tracks down Kubichek\'s hideout. Flynn and Simone find the hideout at the same time and confront each other\'s motives before being captured by Kubichek\'s men, who are getting ready to perform the resurrection ceremony over the body of Vlad Dracula. With Flynn and Simone secured, and their warnings falling on deaf ears, Kubichek performs the ceremony amidst gusting wind and thunder with no result. The body remains dead. Shocked, no one sees Professor Lazlo take the chalice and drink from it. When he does, he undergoes a dramatic transformation into a powerful, revitalized figure—no longer crippled or handicapped as his leg braces fall off. Kubichek looks on in both shock and disbelief, until Lazlo reveals the truth: the body in the crypt was not Dracula, but a peasant used as a decoy. Lazlo is Vlad Dracula and had been living in secret for centuries. Simone\'s reaction to him was that of recognition: he was the vampire who turned her years ago. Even so, his handicap was not a lie. During an outbreak of cholera he drank from a diseased corpse, which infected him with the same blood ailment. Though immortal, his power had been almost completely drained and his search for the chalice was an attempt to regain his power. He also reveals that he had been using Kubichek\'s henchmen for food, simultaneously turning them into a new army of vampires—including Kubichek himself once he attacks—which explained their disappearances throughout the adventure. Kubichek\'s remaining allies, Flynn, and Simone break away and begin to fight the vampires. As the former KGB agents sacrifice themselves to take care of their former comrades, the battle eventually leaves just Simone, Flynn, and Lazlo/Dracula. After several attempts to kill him, Flynn stumbles upon an Aspen tree, and tricks the overconfident Lazlo into walking into an improvised stake. Lazlo, dying, admits once again that Flynn would have made "one hell of an historian" before dying in a pillar of smoke and fire. Finally at peace, Simone resigns herself for death and asks Flynn to help her watch one last sunrise She dies while the two are locked in eye contact. Though still hurting from losing Simone, Flynn accepts the truth in the things that she said about living with purpose and passion, and returns to the Library to resume his duties. He gives Charlene the first marker. He starts to read the inscription , but instead tells her that it says "follow your dreams", . With Judson, the two have a brief conversation about the Library\'s role in the on-going battle between good and evil, and Flynn resigns himself to be a part of that fight without regrets.<ref name49950 Wyle Returns For Librarian 3]'] ["A fisherman named Will is fishing with his crew in a large thunderstorm. While trying to pull the fishing net in, a wave hits the ship and one crew member, Joey, is suddenly spit in the face by something. When Will looks back, he sees an invisible creature attack Joey. The crew looks for him but he has already been killed. Meanwhile, a mysterious creature attaches itself to the bottom of the boat. Back at the village, a funeral is held for Joey while Will finds slime where Joey was taken. Will and his wife Arden wonder about Joey's death while two of Will's crew, Danny and Drew, are secretly planning to go to a nearby island with their girlfriends Carly, Will's daughter, and Erin. Before leaving, however, Drew tells them that he has to work late and that he will go to the island tomorrow, and Will gets a final notice of intent for repossession. While Drew is working on the dock, he hears something in the water and decides to investigate, thinking it's a grouper. Suddenly, an invisible creature comes on the docks and Drew, armed with a baseball bat, walks toward it only to be spat on, paralyzing him. The creature turns visible, revealing it to be a large, hideous beast that licks Drew with its tongue and then eats him. The next day, Will and Arden look for Drew and find his severed arm in the water. They also find more slime. Back on the island, Carly thinks she hears rocks hitting the window but disregards it. She finds Erin on the beach waiting for Drew. After Carly leaves, Erin sees the boat drifting away and goes to the rope to pull it back in, only to have the beast paralyze her. While smaller sea beasts attack her the large one kills her. Will confronts a fisherman, Ben, who lost a crewman the same way Will did and tells him to tell people what he really saw. While gathering firewood, Danny is attacked and bitten by a smaller sea beast but not before photographing it. Will meets Arden, who tells him the slime is a toxin. While they discuss the beast, they are interrupted when the beast kills two teenagers. Will gives chase but it escapes. Danny and Carly go to retrieve the first aid kit from the boat but find the boat is missing. Danny suspects that Erin took it to go confront Drew, not knowing her true fate. Sheriff Jade, a man named Roy and two men organize a hunting party, but the beast sees through the trap and kills them all. Arden goes scuba diving and finds an egg laid by the beast. Danny and Carly find Erin's corpse and flee back to the cabin where they are attacked by the smaller sea beasts. They manage to kill some of the beasts. Will and Arden find the hunting party slaughtered, when Barbara, the harbor master, radios Will and tells him that Ben has set a trap on the dock using himself as bait. Will and Arden head back but Barbara and Ben are both killed by the beast. Will discovers that Ben tagged the beast and that it is heading for the island. The two go to save Carly and Danny who have fled to a boat to radio for help. The beast realizes they're inside and calls for the smaller beasts. Will and Arden go to save them. The beast kills Danny while the smaller beasts attack Carly. She escapes and regroups with Will and Arden, and they find a nest filled with eggs. The beast attacks them, but Will survives and blows up the ship, killing the creatures. Will, Carly, and Arden decide to start their own fishing business, ending the film."] ["In this Depression-era drama, Carradine plays Turner, a World War I vet who is haunted not only by memories of the war but by the civil and economic unrest of the time. He stumbles upon a beautiful backwoods mountainside where he falls hopelessly in love with Flo , the daughter of tyrannical landowner Clayton Samuels . Clayton does not approve of his daughter's relationship and will stop at nothing to end it."] ['The movie centers around Sabrina Sawyer , who is sent to live with her eccentric aunts in Riverdale. On her sixteenth birthday, Sabrina discovers that she is a witch. Sabrina then develops a crush on Seth, the cutest boy in school who happens to be dating Katie La More, the school\'s "Queen Bee". Sabrina has to find a way to use her newly discovered magical power to get Seth to notice her, but at the same time not cast a love spell, which could backfire on her. After Katie dumps Seth, he starts to notice Sabrina. Sabrina is able to use her magic to win a track competition and get Seth to ask her to the Spring fling. Katie discovers Sabrina\'s secret and sets out to let everyone know what Sabrina is. Sabrina has to use her magic to turn Katie into a poodle to stop her but later changes her back. All the while, Harvey likes Sabrina and waits to see if she will have a change of heart and start to notice him. The story ends happily with Sabrina and Harvey together at the dance.'] ['Booky  tries to bring her family the best Christmas possible, despite hard times during the Great Depression of the 1930s when her dad  loses his job. She gets help from her mum  and a department store owner .'] ['In the Oklahoma Territory of the late 1880s, Gypsy Smith  is a gunslinger of African American and Cherokee descent. Smith helps African American homesteaders to settle the territory under the specter of Jim Crow. Meanwhile, a young Native American raised by Whites  must choose between the woman that he loves  or his Cheyenne heritage.'] ['October 18, 2012. During a party at the American Embassy in Berlin, German scientist Gregor Starndorf is told that the comet he discovered, designated Bay-Leder 7, is headed towards Earth. It is large enough to cause mass-extinction and is only days away. He works with the U.S. Army in developing a satellite weapon called SolStar-2, which is used against the comet with moderate success: although the microwave beam cut Bay-Leder 7 in two, the smaller part impacts in West Russia. The head of security, Captain Tom Parker picks up his wife and daughter to evacuate by plane. However, his superior, Colonel Waters, forces Parker to leave them behind, watching helplessly as the plane took off. News reports depict the aftereffects of the impact. Three years later, the situation is still grim. Due to the debris thrown into the atmosphere, all of Europe was evacuated to Africa, where a new ruling body, the New United Northern States , has been established. Oil prices also skyrocketed, enabling the Middle East to establish a firm grip on the world economy. A NUNS technician finds that SolStar-2 is still active. But the satellite can only be controlled from the command center below the Reichstag. Berlin is in the middle of the "death zone", uninhabitable areas because of the cold. A plane was sent to investigate, but it suddenly exploded. Everything pointed to SolStar-2 in the attack. NUNS President Miranda Harrison recruits Parker to lead an expedition—including ex-SAS Sarah Henley and Anna Starndorf,Gregor Starndorf\'s daughter—in order to find out who controls the satellite and destroy it. Although Parker knows the mission is led by Colonel Waters, he ask to join, secretly hoping that his family is somehow alive. During their flight in the SolStar-2 zeroes in on their position and destroys the plane. The team manages to parachute out with two APCs, though. During the trip, they must cross through Cologne and use the Cologne Cathedral as a guide there. However, they lose several men to marauders and one APC to an ice geyser. When they finally reach Berlin, they find that the city is buried in several meters of snow. Shortly afterwards, they came under attack from survivors. There are about 600 people hiding in the subway tunnels and supplied by the "Distributors". They find out a blind man called "the doctor" is hiding below the Reichtag and supplies the people with food. The doctor\'s quarters is actually a verdant greenhouse and he is Gregor Starndorf. He explains that he and his chief engineer Klaus Hintze were the designers of SolStar-2. It was originally meant to be a new power source to lessen the dependency on oil, but due to military funding, it became a weapon. He ordered Hintze to reactivate the satellite as he designed a method to extend its area of effect and stop the permanent winter. He is alarmed to hear Hintze is using it as a weapon, but the Distributors suddenly return and during the battle a sniper kills him. Enraged, the four confronts Hintze, who is powering up the satellite to destroy Tangier, the NUNS\' headquarter city, as a revenge for having been left behind. Sarah shoots him and Col. Waters apologizes to Parker for his earlier actions and allows him to leave and find his family. While he is away, Sarah unexpectedly kills Waters and orders Anna to retarget SolStar-2 to the Middle East. Parker returns and, despite being wounded, attacks Sarah, nearly losing before Anna shoots her. Anna aims the satellite to Europe and executes her father\'s program, causing SolStar-2 to use up its last energy reserves to release a massive, wide-beamed microwave torrent which begins warming the atmosphere. Parker and Anna continue the search for his family and find his home. Inside he discovers his wife\'s final message to him beside their frozen bodies. Back outside, they watch the thick, permanent clouds over Germany dissipate, revealing the warming sun once again.'] ['Based on the first-person book by Brian Cruver, Anatomy of Greed, The Crooked E television movie chronicles the rise and fall of the Houston-based Enron Corporation. The film offers the perspective of Cruver, played by Christian Kane, depicted as a brilliant but naïve young energy trader who was seduced by the company\'s "get rich quick" mantra. The extravagant company culture is shown through scenes of extreme office parties, over-the-top expense accounts, and sexy female employees. When the company inevitably crashes in the fall of 2001, the film shows how shareholders and employees suffered the most. Real-life executives are portrayed in the film, including Enron Chairman Ken Lay played by Mike Farrell, CEO Jeff Skilling played by Jon Ted Wynne, and whistleblower Sherron Watkins played by Jan Skene, while other characters are renamed  such as senior executive Mr. Blue played by Brian Dennehy.'] ['{{plot}} One night, two friends named Dominique  and Ursula  are shown wandering around a graveyard. Lightning strikes a headstone, and when the smoke clears, they find a book without a name at the base of it. Ursula opens it to find that the pages contain no writing, except for a message inside the book’s cover that reads: “Who shall ever freely give thy soul to these pages will be requited with a power beyond their worth. Thy written word is thy bond.” Ursula decides to take it home, believing that fate has meant for her to find it. At school, Dominique, Ursula, and their friends Andy , Craig  and Effi ([[Lisa Tucker  are bullied by the antagonistic cheerleaders Heather , Georgia , and Lisa . Ursula wishes that Heather would fall on her head during a school pep rally, but Dominique says that she would be content if Heather just had both of her legs broken. After school, Ursula goes home and examines the book and its message again, and she writes, "I hate Heather and I wish she\'d break both of her perfect legs." Meanwhile, Dominique pays a visit to her father\'s grave and pours out her feelings to him. He had died a year earlier, and her mother Rene  is now married to Frank , a man she considers to be a creep. He recently got laid off from his job, forcing Rene to take up work as a stripper, and now she hardly sees her due to the hours she works. At school the next day, Dominique and Ursula witness Heather getting her legs crushed by two cars. Heather is taken to the hospital, and the principal decides to close the school for the day. The two girls go to Ursula\'s home, and upon arriving, Ursula admits that she is the one who broke Heather\'s legs because she wrote it in the book they found, and she doesn\'t feel any guilt over it. She tells Dominique that it happened because she believed in the book\'s power. Dominique mocks Ursula by asking her to write down that she wants bigger breasts, as well as give Heather\'s boyfriend, Kyle , a wicked case of acne. Though Ursula knows she is teasing her, she agrees to, anyway, to prove the book\'s powers to her. However, she writes for Kyle to get bad blisters instead. Dominique goes home, but finds that her breasts haven\'t grown larger, causing her to dismiss Ursula\'s notions. The next day, in Chemistry class, the class is doing an exam where they are handling corrosive liquids. As Kyle is heading towards his seat with some equipment needed for the exam, Joey  shoots a spitball at his face. This disorients him and makes him fall, and he knocks over a test tube containing one of the liquids, which splashes all over his face and badly burns him. The paramedics come and take him to the hospital, and Ursula laughs out loud over this, annoying Georgia and Joey. They confront her, but Ursula laughs at them, and Dominique tries to usher her away. Georgia throws an insult at Ursula, and she gets in Georgia\'s face and growls that she could cause her more pain than she could ever imagine. Dominique grabs Ursula and leaves. She takes her into a bathroom and comes down on her verbally for basically confessing to harming Kyle. Ursula takes the book out from her bag, where they notice that its cover now reads "Ephemeris Diaboli", and Ursula mentions that that name didn\'t appear there until she started writing in it. She then decides to write something for Joey, but Dominique tries to take the book away. Ursula holds it close and yells that she can\'t touch the book. Dominique then tells her that that book is having a negative effect on her, and shows her in the mirror that her skin has become pale and her eyes are now enveloped by black circles. Her true self comes through for a moment, reacting with shock at these changes, but when Dominique suggests that she get help, Ursula reverts back to her more sinister self and tells her that she won\'t give up the book. She then leaves, and Dominique takes off after her. Then, Lisa comes out of one of the stalls, having eavesdropped on the whole conversation. At home, Dominique finds out through a web search that "Ephemeris Diaboli" is Latin for "Devil\'s Diary", and this book only lands in the hands of the ambitious. Meanwhile, Georgia and Lisa pay Heather a visit at the hospital and tell her about what happened to Kyle and also about Ursula\'s book and the power it apparently possesses. Heather realizes that Ursula must have used it on her, and she tells the two that they need to come up with a plan to get the book. Dominique visits the local church headed by Father Mark Mulligan  to seek his help. She shows him a picture she printed off of the Internet of the Ephemeris Diaboli and asks if he\'s seen it. He says no, but his eyes clearly say something else. She tells him about how she learned that Satan had crafted the book and given it to the Pharaoh when Moses led his people out of Egypt, and whatever evil is written in it manifests itself in the real world. She points out that Ursula found it in the graveyard nearby, but Mulligan doesn\'t believe it, because if it were the real Ephemeris Diaboli, it would be thousands of years old now. Dominique insists that it is the same book, and Ursula has already written things in it and it was changing her for the worse. All Mulligan can tell her is to stop her from writing in the book, and even get it away from her if possible, and gives her some comfort by saying that he will call for someone in the church who would know more about this. Around the same time, Ursula, once again, writes inside the Ephemeris Diaboli, wishing for Joey to lose his eyes. At a pool hall, Joey is playing with some friends, and a friend accidentally stabs him in the eyes with a broken cue. The next day, Dominique goes to school, where her friend Effi tells her about what happened to Joey. Ursula, meanwhile, is at home, and she targets Steve Kowalski next, writing for him to burn in Hell. Dominique meets with Effi, Andy, and Craig at lunchtime and fills them in on the Ephemeris Diaboli. They find it hard to believe, but then a fire alarm sounds, and they all soon find out that Steve had suddenly burst into flames while welding and ended up being burned alive. Andy, Craig, and Effi now believe Dominique and ask her to fill them in again on the book. Later on, Father Mulligan greets arriving priest Father Sanchez , an expert on the Ephemeris Diaboli, and fills him in on the situation. Father Sanchez warns that the book has started spreading its evil and will soon move into the hands of one with more ambition. Georgia, Lisa, and their friend Nate  drive up to Ursula\'s home, where the girls plan to distract her while Nate sneaks into her bedroom and snatches the book. Despite a really close call, they succeed. They head back to school, where Lisa points out that the pages are mysteriously all blank. She and Georgia later head to the hospital to visit Heather, but Georgia stops outside her room and says to Lisa that maybe they should keep it and tell Heather that they never found it. Lisa refuses to go along with it, and Georgia reluctantly presents the book to Heather. Heather gives the book back to Georgia and tells her to write down that Ursula deserves to lose all of her teeth and hair and choke on her own vomit. At that moment, Dominique stops by Ursula\'s house to check on her, and she finds Ursula crying, holding her teeth and locks of her hair in her hands. She tells Dominique that "they" wrote in it, and then starts violently vomiting. Dominique rushes Ursula to the bathroom, and then Andy, Craig, and Effi show up. Dominique has Effi call an ambulance, and tells Andy and Craig that Heather or Georgia must have the book now. Just then, the bathroom door shuts and locks by itself, and no matter how hard Dominique and her friends try, they can\'t get in to help Ursula, who starts violently convulsing and screaming. When the door finally opens, Ursula is found dead on the floor. Dominique heads back to the church that night to speak with Fathers Mulligan and Sanchez, and the latter explains that when Ursula started writing in the book, she sold her soul to Satan, and the same fate will befall anyone else who writes on its pages. She asks how the book can be destroyed, but Sanchez replies that it can\'t be destroyed any more than man can destroy evil itself. He tells her that she must bring the book to the church. Meanwhile, Georgia examines the book at her house, and initially ignores all calls from Heather, until she gets irritated and answers one. She tells Georgia that Lisa and Nate told her that Ursula died in the exact way it was written down in the book. Convinced of the book\'s power, Georgia hangs up on her, and after looking at Heather in a cheerleading photo, she writes for Heather to have a "tragic accident." Later on, the cord from Heather\'s call button acts on its own, wrapping itself around the sleeping Heather\'s neck and strangling her to death. After feeling it happen, Georgia writes down that she wants a body to kill for and for every guy who sees her to want her desperately. The next day at school, Georgia - looking noticeably darker in appearance - has all of the guys fawning over her as she passes them, and they are so smitten with her that they start fighting each other over her. Lisa notices this right away, and goes up to Georgia and demands to know if she wrote for all of this to happen. Georgia just angrily replies that she is just jealous of her, and makes it clear to her that she doesn\'t care about the fighting taking place. Lisa tells her that she needs to put a stop to all of it, but Georgia refuses to listen, warning her that she needs to get on board with this or else lose her head. Scared, Lisa turns to Dominique and her friends, informing them that Georgia has been writing in the book and has to be stopped. Outside, the group sees Georgia flirting with several students, and Dominique tells her that she knows that she used the book to kill Ursula. Georgia sarcastically offers her condolences and tells Dominique that she\'ll make it up to her by making her a desirable woman like herself. Dominique refuses, and as Georgia walks off for somewhere, Andy and Craig clearly show that they have fallen under Georgia\'s spell like all of the other guys. Knowing where Georgia has walked off to, Lisa leads the group  to an entrance to a set of stairs heading for a secret make-up room where she, Georgia, and Heather would frequently hang out. Lisa tells Andy, Craig, and Effi to wait at the entrance to stop Georgia in case if she gets by her, but Effi volunteers to come with her out of loyalty to Dominique. When they arrive at the make-up room, Lisa goes in first, and she finds Georgia writing in the book. Georgia tells her that she now views Lisa as a threat and can\'t trust her to keep her head. Lisa shoves her to the floor and gets hold of the book, but Georgia beats her down. She manages to get the book to Effi, who escapes down the corridor. Georgia goes after her, but Lisa catches up with Georgia and tries to tell her that the book is evil. Georgia shoves her down and then forces a stagelight to wobble and drop onto her, electrocuting her. Effi screams in terror, which enables Georgia to find her and start strangling her. She manages to slide the book towards an arriving Dominique, who runs off with it. As she passes Andy and Craig, she tells them to stop Georgia, but Georgia easily gets past them by using her powers to make them kiss each other, saying that that turns her on. Georgia chases Dominique through the empty school until she traps her inside the cafeteria courtyard. Andy and Craig catch up to them, but Georgia takes over their minds again, and commands them to kill Dominique and get the book back for her. As the guys close in on her, she starts ripping pages out of the book, causing Georgia to experience pains in her abdomen. Out of desperation, Dominique throws the book away from Andy and Craig, where it smacks against a nearby wall. Strangely, at the same time this occurs, Georgia goes flying as well, and she smacks her head against a nearby wall and dies instantly. Dominique can only react with horror. Dominique goes back home with the Ephemeris Diaboli and examines it in her room, but soon discovers Frank has been watching her. He then notices the book, and he takes it from her and starts looking at it. Frank then tries to rape her, and Dominique pretends to play along with it, and then hits him when his guard is down and gets the book back. Dominique then locks him out of her room, and as he tries to force the door open, she opens the book and writes that she wants Frank to die. Frank grabs a pair of scissors and picks the lock open, but soon after he gets in, the book’s power makes him stab himself in the neck with the scissors, killing him. Dominique looks inside the book afterwards and finds that her message has disappeared, and begins crying, knowing that she has given in to its power. Dominique goes back to Father Mulligan with the book in hand. She begs for him to take the book, saying that the book is talking to her and telling her things she thinks about. He refuses, but tells her to wait outside while he fetched Father Sanchez. While he tells him that Dominique has come with the book, Dominique heads to her father\'s headstone in the graveyard. Mulligan and Sanchez find her there, where she is repeatedly begging her deceased father to help her because she doesn\'t want to give them the book. Mulligan tells her that Sanchez knows how to get rid of it and must give it to him, but Dominique frightfully refuses, saying that he wants it. Not believing her, Mulligan and Sanchez wrench the book from her grip, and Sanchez leaves with it. Dominique tells Mulligan that Sanchez truly does want the book because she could feel it when he took it, and the book has chosen him because he is more ambitious than Georgia was. Mulligan tells her to go straight home and wait for him, and then he leaves to confront Sanchez. When he catches up with him outside the church, Sanchez uses the book\'s powers to hurt him internally, and then impales his palms against a church wall with iron spikes from the cemetery’s gate. Dominique shows up and tries to help Mulligan, but Sanchez telekinetically pushes her against the wall. He tries to convince her to give her soul to the book and become immortal with him. She agrees, but only if the dying Mulligan is set free. Sanchez does so, and Dominique takes one of the spikes from Mulligan\'s palms. Sanchez tells her that he can feel her hate, and telekinetically forces her to raise the spike up high. He then commands her to stab him with all of the hatred in her heart to consummate their union. Dominique drives the spike through the book instead, and Sanchez becomes engulfed in the flames of Hell and killed. The epilogue takes place 6 weeks later. Dominique is now in a mental hospital since she wouldn\'t stop talking about the Ephemeris Diaboli. Her mother visits her, telling her that she quit stripping and got a job in retail, and then tearfully tells her that if she was ever going to get her out of this place, she needed to stop talking about the book. Dominique rambles about the book again and shows her mother some pictures she drew that were influenced by the book, causing her to get upset and ask Dominique if she wants to spend the rest of her life in here. Then, Dominique has a frightening vision of two boys going through the graveyard at that very moment, and one of them finds the Ephemeris Diaboli buried in the ground and takes it. Dominique says to the camera, "It\'s alive again", and the scene cuts to black with a scream.'] ['The special opens with Kermit and several other frogs sitting around a well, when a small frog they do not recognize appears. The frog introduces himself as Sir Robin the Brave, explaining that he is actually a prince. He recounts, in flashback, how he once fought an ogre, Sweetums, and was transformed into a frog by Sweetums\' master, the villainous witch Taminella Grinderfall. Taminella intended to give Robin to Sweetums as his breakfast, but Robin hopped away before they could catch him. The other frogs laughingly dismiss Robin\'s story as a fairy tale; Kermit is more sympathetic, though he himself does not fully believe Robin. Robin reveals to Kermit that he cannot swim, and Kermit gives him swimming lessons. Nearby, they hear King Rupert the Second proclaiming that he will step down as king that evening; and his daughter, Princess Melora , will be crowned queen. Robin is overjoyed, as he must be kissed by a princess in order to be returned to human form. The princess later comes to the well, and Robin learns that she is under an enchantment that prevents anyone from understanding what she says . As she sits by the well, singing to herself, she accidentally drops her golden ball in the water. Robin offers to retrieve it for her if she will befriend him and take him to the palace . Though initially reluctant, Melora agrees; and Robin succeeds in fetching the ball, despite his limited swimming skills. Melora puts him in her basket to take him back to the palace; but before they leave, Robin learns that Taminella is also at the palace, posing as the king\'s sister. Robin reveals Taminella\'s identity to Kermit, who follows him to the palace to keep an eye on him. At the palace, it is revealed that Taminella placed the enchantment on Melora so that she could not tell anyone of Taminella\'s true identity. Robin asks Melora to kiss him, saying he will turn into a prince. She does not believe him; but in an effort to befriend her, he points out that he can understand her jumbled speech. They sing a duet of the song that Melora had been singing at the well; but before they can kiss, Taminella catches them. Recognizing Robin, she vows she will feed him to Sweetums before being summoned to speak with the king about the upcoming coronation. Melora tells Robin the only way to destroy Taminella\'s power is to "bake the hall in the candle of her brain," which Robin does not understand. As Melora and Taminella leave for dinner, Robin asks Melora to kiss him good-bye; Taminella suggests she bring Robin with them instead. At dinner, Taminella announces that she and Rupert have decided Taminella shall be crowned queen, as Melora cannot be understood. Melora frantically tries to tell her father the truth about Taminella, but he does not understand her mixed-up speech. Robin also tries to tell the king the truth, but Taminella silences him by stuffing his mouth with popovers. Unable to get through to her father, Melora storms out, leaving Robin behind. Taminella takes Robin to Sweetums\' lair in a cage. Robin lulls Sweetums to sleep with a lullaby, and Kermit  tries to free Robin. Unsuccessful, he pretends to be Taminella and tricks Sweetums into freeing Robin himself . Sweetums then wakes up, intent on eating Robin. He chases Kermit and Robin around his lair, smashing furniture to pieces with his club in the process, until a falling pillar knocks him unconscious. Kermit and Robin escape, but learn that the coronation is starting. Robin tells Kermit to go back to the swamp and summon the other frogs, while he tries to figure out what "bake the hall in the candle of her brain" means. Kermit and the frogs return just before Taminella is to be crowned, and help Robin disrupt the coronation. Amidst the chaos of the hopping frogs, Melora yells out "The candle of her hane!"; and Robin realizes "bake the hall in the candle of her brain" really means "break the ball in the handle of her cane." He bites Taminella on the arm, causing her to drop her cane and shatter the glass ball in its handle. Taminella\'s power destroyed, she collapses and turns into a bird, which flies off. Melora\'s enchantment is broken, and she tells the truth to her dumbfounded father. She expresses her thanks to the frogs, particularly Robin, whom she kisses in gratitude. Robin turns back into a prince, to everyone\'s amazement, and professes his love for Melora. The king, still confused but not wanting to spoil the happy ending, crowns Melora queen; everyone sings in celebration. Back at the well, Kermit reveals that Robin and Melora were eventually married, and that he still sees them sometimes. They then appear with their infant son, whom they have named after Kermit. Kermit leaps into the well and swims around, humming Melora\'s song from earlier as the credits roll.'] ["{{expand section}} Children's book author Dorothy Gale makes a decent living continuing her grandfather's series of Oz books. When a new agent named Billie Westbrook enters the scene, Dorothy moves to New York City. In the midst of a major business deal for her books, Dorothy discovers that her books are not based on her imagination, but on repressed memories. While Dorothy struggles with the revelation, she is forced to confront the Wicked Witch of the West who has descended upon the Big Apple and is determined to settle an old score as part of her plan to take over Earth."] ["  High School sweethearts Michael and Rosy happily marry during the 1950s, both 18. Things go along smoothly until Roslyn gets pregnant, at age 19. The bills pile up and the two grow apart from each other. Roslyn spends most of the time taking care of their child and hanging out with her best friend, Joannie, who's married to a guy named Bobby. Joannie's been cheating on her husband with a man named Frankie. Roslyn is introduced to Frankie's friend, Joey, a bad boy who's also married. Immediately, Roslyn begins an affair with Joey. At first Michael doesn't suspect anything, but when the two girl friends go out at night and come back later and later, it dawns on him that they are both having affairs. Michael works at a design company with Lorraine, who's into the The Beat and jazz scenes. One night, he goes out to have an affair with her. The next morning, however, his uptight attitudes causes him to back out of the affair when he learns that he's not her only lover. Eventually Lorraine leaves to go to New York. At the same time, Roslyn's trying to break off her affair with Joey, but he won't give up that easily. Varied events soon escalate in violence. Joey kidnaps Roslyn, and Michael goes after them, and takes his wife back from him. Michael and Roslyn go their separate ways, and Michael hits the road."] ["Mary's story begins in Cornwall, her home, where her village is starving to death. In desperation, she steals, landing her a place on the long voyage to Australia along with other convicts. Pregnant by a jailer, Mary is befriended by a quick-witted smuggler named Will. She is also aided by another on board, a stiff-necked, moralistic British officer named Lt Ralph Clarke, whose wife abandons him just as the ships set sail. His help was portrayed as a mission in humanity and social reform. During a rough night at sea Mary hits her head on a bar and is knocked unconscious only to be saved by Will, with whom she becomes increasingly passionate. She is also cared for by Lt Clarke. Unaware that she is “with child”, Clarke asks permission from the Captain to let Mary stay with him. He believes that by educating her, he can reform her. Clarke has promised “the girl will remain an innocent under his charge” so, after finding out that she is pregnant, Clarke takes his anger out on one of the other female convicts  with a lash. Angered by his heartless act, Mary returns to the cells with the other prisoners. After giving birth to her daughter on the ship, Mary and the other convicts arrive at Botany Bay. Mary named her daughter Charlotte, “after the ship”. Seeing the benefits of being a family, Mary soon marries Will and they have a son Emmanuel. Her determination is always to avoid the hunger of her upbringing and to save her children from a similar fate. Mary “abandons” her husband to live with Clarke who had been infatuated with her ever since she stayed with him on the ship. This is merely a distraction so her husband and their friends can steal food and supplies. After getting everything they need to escape in the Governor’s cutter, Mary slips away from Clarke in the middle of the night. Infuriated that Mary deceived him and again deserted him, Clarke shoots and tries to sink their boat. Fortunately they escape with only minor damage to the boat. Mary, her husband Will, their two children, and five other men set sail for Timor, closely followed by Clarke who obsessively pursues them. Through sheer grit and enormous luck, most of them make it 4,000 miles to the Dutch colony of Timor where for a time they enjoy the luxury of freedom under false identities. However, fate conspires against them as Clarke stops there on his way back to England. The group flee Clarke and his guards, splitting up to avoid being caught. Will, realising the danger that Mary and the children are in, intentionally leads the guards away from his frightened family. Pursued by the jealous Clarke, Will is eventually shot and killed. An intense meeting between Mary and Clarke in the tropical jungle finds Clarke holding a pistol to Mary’s head. Mary again tries to manipulate the lovesick Clarke in order to save her children. Realising that she does not love him and only used him to survive, Clarke fires his pistol into the air, alerting nearby guards of their whereabouts causing Mary to be arrested. On the journey home to England, where Mary and her two surviving escapees are imprisoned once again, she loses both of her children to shipboard diseases. An emotional Mary lets go of her son and daughter, dropping them into the open sea, as she says farewell to the rest of her family. On arrival in England, a charismatic Mary gains the support of the English public as she retells her story of the search for justice, in which she lost her entire family. The courts decide to free Mary and her companions in appreciation of their honesty and the belief that they had learned their initial lesson. As for Clarke, he is left in England carrying the burden of being responsible for the death of Will, Charlotte, and Emmanuel. As Mary stands once again in Cornwall where her story began, she reflects on the short time of her family, and the lack of freedom symbolised through the death of her beloved. She silently agrees to carry on for the sake of their deceased souls, despite not knowing what the future holds anymore."] ['This remake follows the same basic concept as the original: Santa, disillusioned by children\'s lack of belief in him and in the spirit of giving, decides not to deliver toys this Christmas Eve, despite the arguments by Mrs. Claus and two of his helper-elves, Jingle and Jangle. They decide to provide Santa with some proof that children still believe and that they still deserve toys from Santa, so the elves visit the United States in search of Christmas spirit. They face setbacks both in South Town, which is celebrating its annual Winter Festival, and in their dealings with the jealous, competitive Miser Brothers, who refuse to compromise long enough to permit a Christmas snow in the southern town. Finally, Santa\'s faith in children is renewed with the help of the boy Iggy Thistlewhite.  The most obvious differences are in the setting, which is moved to the 21st century present day, and the music, which is all but gone. Only the iconic "Miser" songs are retained . The remake also includes two subplots which do not appear in the original: The commercial coup of Santa\'s toy-making operation by the ambitious elf Sparky, who wants a more modern and lucrative approach; and the family troubles of Iggy. His father  is too busy to focus on his family, even at Christmas. Mayor Thistlewhite is a foil both for Santa, in his journey to rediscover the Christmas spirit, and for Sparky, in his efforts to sell out the town\'s historic district to an out-of-town commercial enterprise. In addition, the movie attempts to give more depth to the relationship between Mrs. Claus and Santa. Another difference is that it is Santa who sees the Miser Brothers about having it snow in South Town instead of Mrs. Claus. Like in the original, the brothers refuse to cooperate, but change their minds when Santa threatens to go to their mother. A number of pop-culture references pepper the script, including a glimpse of the original Year without a Santa Claus special on Jingle\'s portable TV.The Year Without a Santa Claus   - Trivia Faced with the prospect of losing his job because of Santa\'s retirement, Jingle muses that he could go to work for his cousin, who is a dentist; this refers to Hermey in Rankin-Bass\' Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer. The script also works in a reference to A Christmas Story: When a disgruntled marksman tells Santa he wanted a gun last Christmas, Santa flatly remarks, "You would\'ve shot your eye out, kid!" Then he comically mimics the marksman having  done just that.'] ['Dave Stewie  is a middle school PE teacher who sees a forthcoming award as a way to redeem himself of his greatest regret, a failure to make the 1988 US Olympic Team. Meanwhile, Roland Waffle  is a new transfer student who is completely non-athletic and wears a helmet at all times due to his mother worrying he will get hurt. Abby Hoffman  is the principal who carries "a Filipino fighting stick" to assault night prowlers lurking after school.'] ['{{Anchor}} Seventeen-year-old Izzy Daniels  is a star boxer and the son of a golden-glove champion. His eight year old sister, Karin, is crazy about Double Dutch and Izzy is asked to take Karin and her friends to a Double Dutch competition, where Mary and her team are entering. Izzy has often seen them Double Dutch and is always bothering them, but during the competition he acts out of character, standing and cheering along with everyone else, but he doesn\'t after his mother\'s death. Izzy has a complicated relationship with his neighbor Mary . They always bother each other whenever they see each other. Mary is a member of the jump team The Joy Jumpers, who place fourth in the tournament. They make the city finals, but when Yolanda, the fourth member of the team, decides to quit and join their rival team, The Dutch Dragons, they face the prospect of forfeiting the tournament. Izzy, after learning of Yolanda\'s departure, quips "Why, did she finally figure out Double Dutch is lame?" Mary then challenges Izzy to speed jump, and when he does it much better than they expect, they ask him to join the team, but he refuses because of what his friends might think. When the other members of the Joy Jumpers, Keisha and Shauna, ask him to fill in until they find a permanent replacement, he finally relents. His conditions are that they practice before school and in his dad\'s boxing gym, where no one\'s going to watch. Meanwhile, Izzy has a boxing match with Rodney Tyler, the bully, determining who will win the "Golden Gloves", which goes to the best boxer. Izzy beats him, but Rodney doesn\'t accept it. He claims he just got lucky and pushes Izzy for a rematch. Izzy says no, and walks out of the gym. Izzy improves tremendously at Double Dutch, and begins to love the sport. He tells the Joy Jumpers that he\'d like to be on their team permanently, and they happily agree. Izzy and Mary begin to get along better and eventually they fall in love. One night, Mary kisses Izzy, showing him her true feelings. The Next Day, when Rodney finds Izzy jumping Double Dutch before class, he snaps some photos, prints them and hangs them all over the school. He then tells Izzy, "So that\'s why you won\'t give me a rematch! \'Cuz you\'re too busy jumping Double Dutch!" Izzy becomes mad and says he\'ll do the rematch.Izzy gets mad and walks right past Mary. Mary tries to convince him not to quit their team but Izzy coldly ignores her and wants nothing more to do with her and the team. Mary is disappointed in him and she leaves. The only girl boxer, Tammy, understands how Izzy feels. She gives him a pep talk on how she never quit boxing when the guys teased her, and that he shouldn\'t quit either, just because they made fun of him. In the middle of the rematch fight, he tells Rodney that he\'s sick of being mad and that he\'s not going to let his anger control him. He walks out of the match and Rodney runs after him, intent on beating him up. But he trips on the cords surrounding the ring, giving Izzy a chance to get even. Instead, he just walks out. Meanwhile, Mary, Keisha and Shauna meet up for the city finals, but without Izzy, they feel like giving up. Izzy then walks in and asks, "What, were you really gonna start without me?" He apologizes and Mary Jokes around with him ,smiles and then hands him a uniform. They change their name to the Hot Chili Steppers and all is forgiven as the tournament begins. They get first in the compulsory, then second in speed. This ties them with the Dutch Dragons and the freestyle will determine it all. They blew the stage up .The Hot Chili Steppers get first, and go on to the State Championship. After their performance, Izzy notices Rodney in the crowd, and asks him for a truce, which he accepts. Izzy had finally won the respect of his dad Kenneth  and Mary\'s love. The narrator in the story was Rodney, who works as one of the gym teachers teaching boxing to young kids, and often tells them Izzy\'s story as inspiration. He also states to all of the kids that Izzy and Mary are now a couple. The film closes with Izzy teaching his dad to jump rope with the help of his little sister, Mary and the other girls during the end credits, after they celebrate while winning the tournament. The website can be viewed at {{URL}}'] ["The movie is based on the true story of David MacEnultyChessville news who taught schoolchildren of the Bronx Community Elementary School 70 to play at competition level, eventually winning New York City and the New York State Chess Championships . The screenplay portrays whistle-blowing and a mid-life crisis that combine to remove Richard Mason  from his old life. He becomes a substitute teacher and is assigned to a fourth-grade class in a South Bronx school. In the class are students with parents who are drug addicts or in jail or just scrambling to pay the bills. Few of them see a purpose in school other than meeting society's requirements, and he struggles, mostly in vain, to reach them. Then a student whose father is in jail sees Mason in the park playing a simultaneous exhibition, and beating fourteen opponents at once. He asks to learn the game. One thing leads to another, and soon the entire class is interested in the game. Mason convinces them that on the chessboard it doesn't matter how much money you have or what clothes you're wearing or where you come from, and that it's only the moves you make, then and there. The class forms a team to compete in ever-larger tournaments."] ['Laura and Steven Harding (Barbara Eden and [[Don Murray  move with their children to the town of Stepford, Connecticut where Steven had lived with his first wife who had died mysteriously. While Laura is occupied with passing the Bar Exam, Steven is disturbed by their children, athletic but unfocused David  and free-spirited, music loving Mary . Steven joins the Men\'s Association, which is still assimilating their wives into robots. This time, they have begun to turn their out of control teens into robots as well. Once they are assimilated, the children are obedient, homework loving, accomplished droids, but with little personality. The Hardings befriend the Gregsons, Laura with sloppy and high-spirited mom Sandy , and David dates their sly humored daughter Lois  with whom he shares a love of motorcycles. Laura is confused when the principal discourages her plans to establish a PTA, and Mary feels unnerved by her passive classmates as well as  the methods used to collect her image, hair, body information for her double. At the school\'s Parents\' Night, Laura becomes aware of the disconnect between her and Steven\'s parenting styles. She allows the children space while he has become obsessed with a perfect image. The night of a dance, David, Mary, and Lois become suspicious when Sandy seemingly has changed, having become obsessed with cleaning and bundt cakes. They make the best of the dance, playing rock music—over the local choice of big band music—but cause a riot as the children awkwardly dance . The kids are arrested, but released on Steven\'s and Mr. Gregson\'s vows to do something about the kids. Lois calls David, upset, asking him to help her as all the men in town have gathered at her house and are "coming for her". They escape on their motorcycles, but Lois crashes when a car tries to run them off the road. David goes to the hospital where Lois lies entirely wrapped in bandages. When he sneaks into her room, he sees one of her limbs is missing in an unnatural manner as well as her vacant eyes, and he runs in fear. The next day, Lois appears back to normal—but she is now a mindless cheerleader who dates a boy she previously had dismissed. David and Laura visit the Gregsons where she witnesses the change in Sandy as well. After an evening\'s "shopping trip" with dad, Laura finds Mary has also changed, discarding all her individuality. Laura digs open the grave of Steven\'s first wife, and finds an android in the coffin. Returning home, Laura learns Steven has taken David out for a "shopping trip" just before Mary\'s duplicate attacks Laura with a knife. Mary malfunctions in the scuffle and Laura escapes. Laura goes to the Men\'s Association to find David; while investigating a greenhouse, she discovers the true Mary strapped to a table. They are surrounded by Steven and the other Men\'s Club members as well as the bodies of the town\'s children who are going through a bizarre bio-organic process to make them into docile drones; they are replaced by their robot doubles during the procedure. Having escaped his father earlier, David bursts in on his motorcycle and causes a diversion, allowing Laura and Mary a reprieve. As the Hardings escape, damage to the machines causes an explosion which destroys the Men\'s Association, its members  and the half-processed children. Laura and the kids race out of town.'] ['Alice McGrath is a woman struggling with her busy life. On a similar vein to Michael Keaton in Multiplicity, she splits into three different versions of herself, making four Alices living one multi-faceted life. One Alice is a devoted mother and homemaker, another is a loving and "exciting" wife and lover, and the third is a committed green activist/businesswoman. While the new Alices do all that needs to be done, the real Alice finally gets to relax from her busy schedule. It soon becomes clear that the family can only see the three new Alices while the real Alice is invisible to all of them. Although she enjoys having more time to herself, she misses out on contact with her children and is unimpressed when the loving wife gets intimate with her husband Rex. As the movie progresses, it becomes evident to Alice what is lacking in her life and how she can improve it. She just has to work out how to get back to being herself and get rid of the other three. In the end, she manages to balance her busy schedule and spend time with her family.'] ['Two teenage boys, Kerry  and Justin , are at Justin\'s house playing video games and soon get bored with it. Kerry and Justin are best friends from school and spend a lot to time together since Justin\'s mother and little sister Lisa ([[Silent Hill  are away for the weekend. Justin tells Kerry that he resents his parents since their recent divorce and his father is never there when he needs him. Later he tells Kerry about an idea he has to break into an old mortuary to look for a good time. When Kerry and Justin arrive at the mysterious funeral home, Justin\'s cousin James, who is supposed to let them in, does not respond to their knocks on the front door. After noticing that the door is unlocked, the two teenage boys look around for anyone, but find the place deserted. While looking through the rooms upstairs, they find James as well as the entire funeral home staff dead. Suddenly, a strange looking man, , who is a vampire attacks them, biting Kerry\'s neck while Justin is forced to flee. Justin returns home and tries to phone his mother, but cannot get through. He tries calling his father, but his father tells him that he has a date over as his apartment and tells Justin to call him back tomorrow. Justin tries calling the police to report the murders over at the mortuary, but when he gives the desk sergeant his name, he gets hung up on for Justin apparently has a history of juvenile delinquency as well as making prank phone calls. Suddenly, Kerry stumbles into the house, with a ghastly neck wound, claiming to have gotten away from the vampire. When Justin tries to call for an ambulance, Kerry stumbles into the kitchen and drinks from every milk carton, and water bottle in the refrigerator claiming to be "so thirsty". Kerry suddenly spouts a set of sharp teeth and bites Justin. Justin wakes up the next morning, feeling dizzy and finds that he is unable to stand bright lights, especially sunlight. When his mother Carolyn, and younger sister, Lisa, return home, his mother yells at him for not keeping the house clean for there is a large bloodstain on the living room floor where Kerry fell the previous night, but she doesn\'t realize that it\'s a blood stain. When Kerry\'s mother phones the house asking of her son\'s whereabouts since he apparently did not come home last night, Carolyn asks Justin where Kerry is. Aware that his mother will not believe him, Justin denies knowing Kerry\'s whereabouts, but he tells her about having an "accident" and that his father, whom he tried to call last night, hung up on him. As night falls again, Justin becomes aware that he has transformed into a vampire due to his heightened senses as well as his smell for human blood, but he tries to restrain himself. He declines a take-out pizza that Carolyn orders, and instead confines himself to his bedroom. There, he meets Kerry, who climbs in through a window and wants Justin to come with him. Kerry and Justin go over to Justin\'s father\'s apartment where Kerry tries to persuade Justin to kill his father for the years of neglect. However, Justin refuses to do it. Frustrated, Kerry smashes a mirror and kills Justin\'s father himself by slashing his throat with a mirror shard. Dragging Justin from the apartment, Kerry takes him to a nearby park where they meet the vampire who attacked them the previous night. Justin identifies him as Mr. Chaney, a former grade school teacher of theirs. Mr. Chaney tells them that he recently became a vampire and wants to spread his newfound powers to his former students. They go back to the mortuary where Justin discovers that Mr. Chaney had kidnapped his sister, Lisa, and has her tied up on a slab in the embalming room in the basement where he wants Justin to kill her and embrace his new life as a vampire. Justin instead attacks Mr. Chaney. Kerry, out of loyalty to his friend, joins in the attack and together they kill Mr. Chaney by decapitating him with a sawsall. Justin unties Lisa who flees from the mortuary. Relieved that Mr. Chaney is dead, Justin realizes that he and Kerry are now vampires doomed to walk the earth as bloodthirsty killers to survive. Justin makes a devastating choice to kill himself rather than feed on the blood of the innocent, while Kerry thinks otherwise and wants to experiment with his new life. After bidding each other goodbye, Kerry leaves the mortuary while Justin remains behind. As dawn begins to break, Lisa returns home to her mother who was hysterical to her disappearance, while Justin lies on a slab and allows the sunlight to hit him through the basement windows; thus he is burned to death. The final scene, set the following night, has Kerry on a bus to New York City where he talks to a fellow passenger about traveling to the city. The passenger tells Kerry that he wishes the bus would stop soon, for he is getting hungry, to which Kerry responds that he is also getting hungry.....'] ["As a result of Casper being too friendly when playing with a boy named Jimmy, Kibosh: The King of the Underworld has Casper enrolled into a Scare School headed by the two-headed headmaster Alder and Dash. He befriends Ra, a mummy with unraveling issues and Mantha, a zombie girl who keeps falling apart. When Casper discovers the two-headed headmaster's plot to use a petrification potion to turn Kibosh into stone and take over the Underworld and Deedstown, he and his new friends must stop him."] ["Michelle , a single mother, is kidnapped by three masked men and held hostage until she is forced to rob a bank which is the only option she has to save her only child's life while they are both wired to explode."] ['The young Catholic Gerald Bull is fascinated with large-bore guns, inspired by Jules Verne\'s novel From The Earth To The Moon. The adult Dr. Gerald Bull\'s career as a successful large-bore gun designer takes a turn as he is defunded by the U.S. Army; he then produces weapons for China, Israel, and ultimately South Africa which results in his arrest and conviction for illegal arms dealing. After his release, Bull promotes his supergun idea to Saddam Hussein, and, with funding through BCCI, begins design work on the top secret project, "Babylon". Bull solves several manufacturing challenges by forging and assembling it in sections which are bolted together by flanges, and lining the relatively soft barrel material with an alloy sleeve to reduce wear on the barrel. British and U.S. government agencies are shown to be aware of Bull\'s activities, but do nothing to stop him. The Israeli Mossad tries to dissuade Bull, and goes so far as to threaten his life, with no effect. As the "Baby Babylon" version of the gun is assembled and tested successfully horizontally in Iraq, Bull\'s second in command, Cowley, quits after a roadside run-in with Mossad agent Dov, who also shadowed Bull. The Iraqis demand an additional, 45-degree, test of the prototype gun, using threats to coerce Bull into compliance. That completed test firing results in a direct hit on a target 100 miles away, and Bull brags that the full size "Babylon" gun can fire "ten times as far." As production of the full-size sections of the gun continues in England and elsewhere, falsely documented as oil pipeline parts in order to evade export restrictions, the film depicts increasing threats to Bull\'s life from Hussein, and the Mossad agent Dov. As the gun nears completion, Bull, while returning home, is gunned down at his apartment, where his body is discovered by his wife. The end text crawl states that Dr. Bull\'s murder was unsolved, and that the U.S. contributed over $3 billion to Iraq in the years preceding the first Gulf War.'] ['Then clerk for Texas Congressman Richard Kleberg, Lyndon Johnson  runs up the steps of the Capitol to meet with future Speaker of the House Sam Rayburn , who is sure he will work beside Johnson in the future. Johnson then runs off with his boss\'s Cadillac, driving all night to pick up his fiancee Lady Bird Johnson  at the home of her father in Texas. They both drive back to Washington, D.C., and have a bad run-in with Kleberg\'s standoffish wife, who thinks he is sabotaging her husband for his own political gain. After being fired by the Congressman , Johnson wakes up one morning to find that another Congressman has died, leaving the seat vacant. He prods a local judge who is very politically connected, Judge Alvin Wirtz , into giving him a chance to run for Congress. Judge Wirtz tells Johnson that the former Congressman\'s widow might run for the seat, and that he\'ll need $10,000 just to make it a contest. Lady Bird Johnson\'s father provides the $10,000, and gets confirmation that the widow will not run. Johnson then tours the hill country of Texas, bringing along his father and his wife to campaign. He promises that he shall provide services such as power and running water to the people, and goes stumping, pushing harder and harder. It is after a gruelling schedule and many, many cigarettes and Milk of Magnesia bottles later that the pain is so great in his abdominal area that Johnson collapses. Lady Bird appears at the bedside of her husband, who had an operation to remove a ruptured appendix and is now recuperating. When he awakens, she tell him that he had won the election and calls him \'Congressman\'. Johnson is then shown inside the Capitol, taking an elevator ride up with his friend Sam Rayburn, leaving his wife as the elevator doors close. Johnson receives a phone call that his father had died, and he goes to Texas for his funeral, when he discovers that his father left his mother in thousands of dollars worth of debt. This revelation, combined with the high cost of running a campaign, forces LBJ to becoming a friend to lobbyists in order to find money. These new connections mean that not only he can begin to get financial help, but his stalled hydroelectric project gets the help it needs in order to happen. At a party held by his largest backer, Johnson meets a vivacious and attractive woman, Alice Glass , who becomes a lightning rod for his ambition. Despite the threat of another woman, Lady Bird is determined to keep her husband and to help him become even more successful. It is now 1948, and Johnson now is vying for a Senate seat soon to be vacated by a retiring Senator. His promises kept to the people of the hill country, he still must defeat Governor Coke Stevenson, who battles him for a Texas Democratic caucus vote amid rumors of corruption in the form of vote fixing. A 28-28 deadlock is broken when Johnson\'s staffers pull onto the floor a drunk member , who votes LBJ into the Senate with the 29th vote. An ebullient Johnson starts his tenure as United States Senator by parking in the Senate Majority Leader reserved parking spot, much to the chagrin of the parking attendant. The same lot is shown again in the future, and Johnson\'s name is now fixed on the parking spot. Johnson is now working tirelessly with all of the members of the Senate, battling the troublesome Joseph McCarthy, making amendments to the Taft-Hartley Act, and pressing for civil rights legislation. A new face in Washington, Senator John F. Kennedy, is told under no uncertain terms that a committee spot on the Foreign Relations Committee in the Senate would be his if he stayed for a crucial labor vote. This meeting proved important as time moves forward to 1959, when Kennedy is one of the nominees for the Presidential campaign for the Democratic Party. A visit by JFK\'s brother Robert Kennedy to Texas is arranged as father Joseph Kennedy, who along with his sons, wish to know if LBJ is running for President or not. Johnson refers to Robert Kennedy as a "Harvard man" in a derisive tone while he discovers Robert\'s true intentions, and goes out of his way to try to embarrass him while hunting. The lack of action by Johnson in responding to Kennedy in a timely fashion allows John Kennedy to build up a very strong support network, essentially shoving Johnson out of any real chance at the Presidential nomination. Promised votes by Wyoming, now going over to Kennedy to send him over the top to win the nomination, puts Johnson and his family off. Johnson says that his father was right, and that he made a big mistake by not doing something sooner. An offer of the Vice Presidency by John Kennedy is at first rejected by Johnson because of the advice of Sam Rayburn. The next day, Rayburn tells Johnson that he changed his mind, and LBJ accepts the offer, despite Robert Kennedy\'s attempt at squashing the idea. After JFK is elected in 1960, Johnson soon regrets his decision, and he is made to fill the most benign of roles while the President and his brother shut him out of meetings. This position changes drastically when John Kennedy is shot in Dallas in 1963, and Lyndon Johnson becomes the new President of the United States. He accompanies now widow Jacqueline Kennedy, along with his wife, on Air Force One on a trip back to Washington. He takes the Oath of Office by Texas federal district judge Sarah T. Hughes on board the aircraft, and a still of the moment along with a short audio summary of the events after ends the movie.'] ['James Garner plays a retired judge and recluse who comes out of "hiding" to investigate when his childhood friend  refuses to accept a Congressional Medal of Honor awarded decades ago in World War II. His reason is kept in confidence and Garner\'s character files a motion to deny the ceremony. Meanwhile, the personal lives of the other characters have issues of their own to work out. In the end of things Cobbs\' character is told of something he didn\'t know about and the two romantic side stories resolve in a positive fashion.'] ["{{Plot}} The prologue of the movie is set in rural farmland in Dannebrog, Nebraska. Bob Iverson, a storm chaser, is driving down the road and manages to save a family from an oncoming tornado. Meanwhile, Dan Hatch lives in Grand Island Nebraska, along with his stepfather Jack, mother Laura, and baby half-brother, Ryan. Dan is an aspiring and practicing artist, but is constantly pushed by Jack to be an athlete. The characters in the movie are Dan's family, along with Dan's friend Arthur. Arthur has two sisters, Stacey and Ronnie. Jack's mother, Belle, and Laura's sister, Jenny, are more secondary characters. Bob Iverson, arrives in Blainesworth tracking a massive storm that is arriving near the town. The action begins when Jack comes home and sits down to watch TV and his show is interrupted by a severe weather announcement about a tornado sighting 14 miles northwest of Blainsworth, near the town of Dannebrog. The excitement continues as Dan and Arthur struggle to find their family, while Laura and Jenny are trapped inside the local diner. They then go save their grandmother, Belle, at her farm. Dan finds Jack on a closed road covered in fallen power lines, and pulls him from his overturned truck, and sees this as an opportunity for his father to finally see him as reliable. However, Jack just gives a simple thank-you to the fact that Dan saved him from multiple dangers and the fact that Dan may have been the only one down the road as it was blocked by policemen saying it was unsafe. Eventually Jack, Dan, Stacey, Arthur, and Ryan leave the shelter to go home and look for Laura. Just as Jack's truck pulls into the driveway Jenny, Bob, and Laura also drive up, and the family is reunited. As soon as everyone reunites, three tornadoes touch down near them. Bob, realizing no adequate shelter is available, advises the group to make a run for it. They, along with Bob and Jenny, make it to an overpass as the twister nearly sucks up Dan before it dissipates into the air. They walk out from under the overpass just as the sun rises on a clear day and the storm has passed. At the end of the film, Dan explains that he is going out with Arthur's sister, Stacey, while Arthur became class president, and Bob and Jenny got married and pregnant with twins. He also tells that his grandma, Belle, died the following year in '97."] [' The first part opens with Alice  helping Mother set the table for tea time. Although thankful for her daughter\'s help, Mother tells Alice that she is still not grown-up enough to join the adults at tea. Alice goes outside to see her sister , but gets bored of reading a book with no pictures. Her sister tells her that she will understand when she grows up, but Alice thinks she is already grown up . While playing with her kitten, Dinah, the White Rabbit comes running by, saying he\'s late. Wondering where he is going, Alice follows him and tumbles into his rabbit hole.  Alice finds herself in a hall with many doors, and all of them locked. On a table is a key which Alice can use to open one small door. Yet the door is far too small to even fit her head in. A small bottle appears labeled "Drink Me.", she comes back to the table and puts it to her lips. Doing this, she shrinks to the right size for the door, but can no longer reach the key to open it. She then sees a small box which she opens and finds a little cake with the words "Eat Me," on it. Doing this, she grows to over nine feet tall. Frustrated with the thought of being stuck nine feet tall she begins to cry, her tears fall on the floor and flow under the cracks. The White Rabbit appears, but frightened of the giant Alice then runs away dropping his fan and gloves. Using the fan makes Alice shrink again to a size small enough to crawl into one of the cracks, which takes her diving in her pool of tears. While swimming in the pool of tears, she meets the Mouse , who tells her why he hates cats and dogs. Alice later catches up with the White Rabbit and, in his house, curiously she finds another "drink me" bottle and chances it growing her full 9 foot character once again. Angry at Alice, the rabbit and his friend Pat the Pig  try to employ Bill the Lizard  to remove Alice. Having tried unsuccessfully the White Rabbit and Pat begin throwing berries at her which turn into cakes that causes her to shrink back to size. After running away she meets the Caterpillar , and then goes to the house of The Duchess. Finding the house too violent and hateful, she takes the Duchess\' baby away, but then turns into a pig. She meets the Cheshire Cat , who gives her directions to see either the March Hare or the Mad Hatter, but warns Alice that they, along with everyone else, are mad. Alice visits the garden of the Queen of Hearts , who always yells "Off with her Head!" and plays croquet, or at least watches the others play. She leaves to visit the Gryphon  as well as the Mock Turtle , but then she is called to attend a trial. The trial deals with the Knave of Hearts, who is accused of having stolen The Queen\'s tarts. There is no proof that he did it, but again there is no proof that he did not do it, nor is there proof that anybody did it, which proves him guilty, according to the Queen. Alice argues with the ways of the court, but inexplicably begins to grow larger again. Alice continues to argue with the Queen and even though she tells her to hold her tongue Alice refuses and tells the Queen to hold hers. The Queen becoming angry, yells "Off with her Head!" and has the guards chase the giant Alice, who is hardly afraid of them as "they\'re nothing but a pack of cards". Alice keeps running until she trips and falls and finds herself back home, in her normal size. She runs happily back home, but finds that nobody is there. Hearing her cat Dinah she sees her on the other side of the mirror, along with her parents, who can only see their own reflection, and can\'t see or hear their daughter. Alice doesn\'t know how to get through to the other side so she sits at a nearby chair, and notices a strange book next to her and starts reading it. There is a poem called Jabberwocky about a scary monster. Trying to deny her fears, she gets very scared as the room becomes dark and the Jabberwock appears in the house. This marks the end of the first part.  The second part opens with Alice at home trapped behind the living-room mirror and invisible to her parents. The Owl  explains that until she overcomes her fear of growing up, she will be unable to return to the real world and remain stuck in Looking-Glass World, where everything is the reverse of what she expected. As the Jabberwock scares Alice and she wishes it away, it disappears. Yet, she is informed by The Owl in a painting that it may come back any time and reveals to her that it is a creation of Alice\'s own fears. After an interesting conversation with talking flowers, Alice meets The Red Queen, who tells her to take the place of one of the pawns/children of The White Queen on the chess board. Alice plays a pawn, but finds herself now on the second square, from where she must reach the eighth square to become a queen. The Red Queen tells her that only if she becomes a queen she may go home. On the way to the eighth square, Alice meets many various characters and visits many places. She goes on a train that doesn\'t stop, sitting next to with The Goat, and opposite The Gentleman in the Paper Suit , and The Horse . The passengers opposite her twit her with silly  dialogue, e.g., sending her back as luggage, or ahead as a telegraphic message. Miffed by all this teasing, she calls the goat a silly billy, getting a Japanese-accented horse laugh from Pat Morita\'s character. She meets The Gnat king, as well as Tweedledum and Tweedledee, who sing  about shaking hands and then sing the story of "The Walrus and the Carpenter". She bumps into The White Queen, who sings of the logic of "Jam tomorrow, jam yesterday, but never ever jam today" as a consequence of living backwards and ends up turning herself into a sheep. She is then chased by a giant bird, which she initially thought was the Jabberwocky, and meets Humpty Dumpty. The Jabberwocky appears again, and Alice flees when it pursues her after knocking Humpty Dumpty off a wall. Alice then meets The White King and his Messenger, who bring Alice to see the Lion and the Unicorn, who are fighting for the crown. The combatants call a temporary truce and are intrigued by Alice, whom they perceive as a "fabulous monster". Alice then hands out a tray of cake, but every times she cuts it in half, it turns itself into a whole cake again! She flees the group after a deafening barrage of drums begins to play, which she is apparently the only one to hear. Thereafter, she meets The White Knight, who sings and dances with her. Finally, Alice reaches the eighth square and finds her way to her castle, where a great feast in her honor takes place, with many of the characters she met previously on her journey. Alice appreciates the feast but tells everybody that what she really wants is to go home. A present is then brought to her, out of which comes The Jabberwock. The beast starts frightening and terrorizing everyone in the castle. The White Knight tries to rescue Alice, but fails. Alice manages to find her way back to the mirror and into her home, where she gets to confront The Jabberwock. Telling him that he is just in her imagination and that she does not believe in him, he finally disappears. After this, Mother walks in and tells her daughter that she is finally old enough to join the grown-ups at tea time. Alice then sees the Wonderland characters in the mirror, and they sing farewell to her. Tearfully, Alice waves them goodbye as the movie ends.'] ["Lieutenant Harry Faversham  realises his regiment is being deployed to the Sudan where they would see combat. He promptly resigns his officer's commission, stating that he did not wish to leave his fiancé, Ethne . In reality, he was questioning the cause, and was fearful of seeing combat. Following his resignation, his fiancé and three friends present him with white feathers, representing cowardice, and turn their backs on him. Following his regiments deployment, Faversham realizes he has made a grave mistake, and that he will never be able to live any quality of life unless his honour is restored. Disguising himself as an Arab, Faversham makes his way to Sudan determined to find his unit. He learns of an impending attack on the regiment, and tries to make it in time to save them. During the battle, his closest friend Captain Jack Durrance  becomes engaged in close combat, during which he is blinded when a black powder rifle goes off next to his face. Faversham attacks the Arabs who surround Durrance, and rescues him as he staggers blindly. In the end, Faversham is able to help his regiment, and redeem his honour."] ['{{Expand section}} Oksana  is a young and beautiful Carpathian girl. On the "Donetsk-Verkhovyna" train she becomes acquainted with a young miner from Donetsk called Boris. The travellers fall in love, but are parted when they arrive at their destination. In the Carpathian mountains their paths diverge, but Boris  discovers where she is staying. The couple meet again and rekindle their love. Their friends invite them to perform in a concert for vacationers at a mountain resort,The Carpathian mountains are a popular Soviet/Ukrainian vacation resort for ski-ing in winter and rafting in summer. where they sing of their feelings for each other.'] ["Judas meets Jesus and at first doesn't know what to make of him or whether or not to trust him. A cynical city boy, Judas makes fun of the country bumpkin disciples who follow Jesus but eventually decides to join the band, as well. He and Jesus become good friends, even though they often see things very differently. Ultimately, Judas is convinced that Jesus needs to use his popularity and wonder-working powers to free the Jews from the Romans, and Jesus sees a larger, spiritual perspective. As a friend, Judas convinces Jesus to give his disciples his miraculous powers, and he does with good results. Finally, the Jewish leaders spy on Judas and convince him of the greater good of betraying Jesus, in order to save the Jewish people. Judas gets caught between the corrupt leaders, Caiaphus and Pontius Pilate, and Jesus."] ['The story, set in the late 19th century, begins with a young man named Edward Ralston , coming to an old woman, Miz Carnation, who lives in an old cabin deep in the woods of upstate New York. Ralston asks Miz Carnation, a necromancer, to revive his recently deceased wife; she refuses, but then decides to tell him the story of Ernst Haeckel, and says that, if he still wishes to revive his wife afterwards, she will do as he asks. The story mainly concerns Ernst Haeckel , who is trying to follow in the footsteps of Victor Frankenstein, but is unsuccessful with his attempts to create life. He learns of Montesquino, a necromancer, but believes that the man is a charlatan. Learning of his father\'s ill condition, he travels and encounters Walter Wolfram  and his wife Elise . Haeckel is oddly drawn to Elise and vice versa. Wolfram seems undisturbed by the attraction but when unearthly shrieks echo outside, Elise is drawn to them. Haeckel also notices that Elise is caring for a baby. Elise finally goes outside and the despondent Wolfram notes that he can\'t satisfy his wife, although he has sold everything he has to take care of her. Haeckel goes after Elise and follows the shrieks to a nearby necropolis. There he discovers that Elise is having sexual consort with her dead husband and the other resurrected corpses. Wolfram has paid Montesquino to raise the dead so that they can satisfy Elise. When Wolfram tries to take her home, the corpses kill him. Haeckel confronts Montesquino and demands that he make it stop. The necromancer says that he cannot, and an angry Haeckel shoots him as he tries to escape. The dying Montesquino shoves Haeckel into a tombstone, knocking him out. The next morning, Haeckel wakes up and returns to the cabin, where he finds Elise nursing the baby: a corpse-child, the son of her "true" husband. The baby rips out Haeckel\'s throat. The next scene takes place again at the necropolis, except it is the dead Haeckel with whom Elise now has sex. Miz Carnation concludes her tale and a disgusted Ralston looks on in horror as he realizes that she is the older Elise, as the corpses of her first husband, Wolfram, and Haeckel stagger in and she brings out the zombie baby. Ralston decides against raising his dead wife and flees from the cabin into the night while Miz Carnation and the rest of her undead clan look on.'] ["Jordan Donovan , a photographer from New York City, is set up with Tyler Ross , a Wyoming rancher, by her roommate after her boyfriend fails to commit. Jordan flies to Wyoming to meet Tyler and his sister Laurie and her fiancé. Jordan learns his sister placed his ad in the singles magazine for him. Although Tyler is initially put off by Jordan's city slicker attitude, they find themselves drawn to each other."] ['Bill Engvall was the first performer, covering a variety of anecdotes including incidents with his son\'s trampoline, nearly being thrown off an airplane, his stressful time at a massage parlor, his addiction to Sky Mall Magazine, and an incident involving two of the family dogs and a coyote. Ron White, with trademark drink and cigar in hand, followed Engvall. His routine included dieting tips that he\'d received, his solution to the problems with the DHS\'s "state of awareness scale," his ill fortune with Texas Hold\'em, being stranded in Fairbanks, Alaska, and the pet concierge at the Don Cesar resort in Florida. Jeff Foxworthy took the stage after White, and spent most of his time onstage discussing his latest addition to his redneck-related material, "redneck fashion tips," along with his amusement at an odd advertisement for LASIK surgery. Larry the Cable Guy was the last performer, and covered a variety of topics including some of his past girlfriends, his new wife and their pregnancy, embarrassing incidents at Wal-Mart and his local grocery store, and an incident at a Home Depot in which a customer was glued to a toilet seat by pranksters. After Larry\'s routine, the other three comedians joined him onstage, where they shared some of their favorite jokes. After this, they showed the audience potentially embarrassing pictures from their photo albums which the show\'s producers had asked their wives to send without them knowing it. The DVD also includes these bonus features: *Yankee Doody Dandy - a short film directed by C.B. Harding. The Blue Collar boys play a trick on President Bush  at the White House. *Molding the Minds of Young Americans - The four hold a question-and-answer session with students at George Washington University. *Blue Collar Fans - A segment of interviews by the fans. *Behind the Scenes of One For the Road - The making of the film and "Yankee Doody Dandy," as well as production of the DVD. *A slideshow of the pictures shown within the last segment of the movie. *"Previews" of the Blue Collar Comedy Tour Rides Again and the Reno 911! Season 3 DVD.'] ["A reporter refuses to reveal his source in the case of the murder of a young girl. As a result, he and his family are shunned by the residents of the small town in which they live. Virtually no one comes to his daughter's wedding, and at his office, the police search his desk, and his boss threatens to fire him."] ["K-219 performs a Crazy Ivan, and USS Aurora (a thinly-disguised renaming of [[USS Augusta |USS Augusta  collides with her, causing a rupture of the seal on one of its ballistic missile tubes. The leaking seawater causes a corrosive reaction which floods the sub with toxic gas. The corrosive reaction starts a fire that floods the sub with more toxic gas, and smoke. The captain surfaces the boat and moves the crew out to the deck, and attempts to vent the sub. The chief engineer informs the captain that the fire may cook off the nukes and cause a nuclear explosion. The launch doors are opened on the sub to vent smoke. Aurora ascertains that a fire is aboard K-219, and informs the Pentagon. The Pentagon, fearing radiological contamination of the Eastern Seaboard, orders Aurora to prepare to sink K-219. The fact that the launch doors are open on the SLBMs causes consternation in Washington DC, with calls for the immediate sinking of the sub, should it appear to be preparing to launch. The captain of K-219 prepares a bold plan to dive with the launch doors open, to flood the missile bay and quench the fires. As the captain dives the sub, Aurora prepares to fire, assuming K-219 is setting about to launch its missiles. After a brief but heated argument the U.S. commander is convinced to wait before launching and realises that the Soviet sub is diving, rather than launching its SLBMs. K-219s tactic works, and the sub resurfaces with the fires out. A new crisis develops to the lower cooling rods manually into all four nuclear reactors, with only 4 oxygen tanks left for the two crew members. The rods are lowered, and all nuclear reactors are shut down, averting disaster, with Moscow informed. Sergei remains locked inside the nuclear reactor room, running out of oxygen, with the rising temperature in the reactor room leading to a new crisis, exacerbated by water flooding the submarine. The captain of K-219 decides to abandon ship. Throughout the crisis, Washington insists that no information on the possibility of nuclear fall-out along the eastern American coastline be leaked to the Governors, or evacuation plans be activated to protect the population, in order not to derail the forthcoming Reykjavik summit meeting between Mikhail Gorbachev and Ronald Reagan. Capt. Britanov and his surviving crew members return safely to Moscow with some crew decorated and he being dismissed from the navy. The Reykjavik summit takes place as planned. The film's postscript details that as a legacy almost a decade after the end of the Cold War, fifty one nuclear war heads and seven nuclear reactors from nuclear submarines litter the North Atlantic ocean floor."] ['A shunned farmer attempts to warn his neighbors of an impending besiegement by crazed ravens,{{cite web}}'] ['In the Victorian period, Ebenezer Scrooge is a skinflint businessman who loathes the Christmas season and begrudges having to give time off to his best employee, Bob Cratchit. On Christmas Eve, Scrooge is visited by the ghost of his late friend and business partner, Jacob Marley, who in the afterlife has come to see the errors of his ways. Marley arranges for Scrooge to be visited by the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Christmas Present, and Christmas Yet to Come in hopes of teaching Scrooge of the importance of embracing the joy of the holiday season. Scrooge reforms, learning to keep the spirit of Christmas alive in his heart, ultimately becoming a well-loved and respected man.'] ["The Ron Clark Story follows the inspiring tale of an energetic, creative and idealistic young teacher who leaves his small North Carolina hometown to teach in a New York City public school. Through his passionate use of special rules for his classroom, highly innovative teaching techniques and an undying devotion to his students and helping them cope with their problems, Clark is able to make a remarkable difference in the lives of his students. For one young girl trying to attend school while helping to raise her siblings, he offers a chance for her to overcome her situation and become the top student of the class. For a young man with a penchant for graffiti, he offers an ideal outlet for artistic expression. Even when he is almost overcome by pneumonia, Clark continues to work with his students, hoping that he can raise their test scores to an acceptable level, or possibly even higher. However, when Clark returns, he finds out his class did not deliver the goods but he remains optimistic about their chances. The kids sit in the state exams and a few days later, Clark takes the kids to see The Phantom of the Opera. In the end, Principal Turner reveals that Mr. Clark's class got the highest average  in the state and Clark was regarded by his students as their best teacher."] ["In 1959, a new teacher named Derek Sanders becomes the new choirmaster for Blanton Academy, a prestigious but all-white private school in South Carolina. Mr. Sanders tries to reduce some of the prejudice and hostility of some of the students in his choir. Paul, a bully who feels he should be lead boy, is the worst offender. Taylor Bradshaw on the other hand is impressed by the music of Landy Allen, a black boy, grandson of Zeke, the school caretaker. Taylor begins to explore the music and lives of the colored people who live in Rivertown despite knowing that it could get him expelled or rejected. Sanders is also impressed by Landy's abilities and attempts to get him involved with the choir. A tragedy in the community brings the race issue to a head."] ['After the government cuts funding to a nanotechnology project, the fictional company StarkCorp stores samples on an oil rig near Alaska. However, an accident releases the nanomachines, witnessed by reporter Katherine Stern . StarkCorp attempts to cover up the incident while the nanomachines cause storms and disintegrate objects. The disintegrated objects are made into more nanomachines. Stern teams up with a scientist, Nathan McCain  who once worked for StarkCorp, leading to the conspiracy and an attempt to stop the disaster. At first, McCain hesitates but eventually agrees to help Stern. They run around for a while, pursued by bad guys who are almost going out of their way to bully whoever stands in the way. Meanwhile, the United States military decides to disable the particles with a nuclear missile, despite fears that it will harm the west coast. However, after some consideration, it is decided that an experimental plane will be used to carry an EMP device to the nanomachines. Meanwhile, the CEO of StarkCorp claims to apologize by bringing a deactivation device to national authorities. However, the chief scientist Dr. Van Owen knows that Stark is lying , and brings him a bomb instead. Later, the particles are disabled by the electromagnetic pulse but the colonel in charge of the operation, dies heroically in the process. The nuclear explosion, now deemed unnecessary, is aborted and the world is saved. The colonel gets the Medal of Honor for his actions. Van Owen forces information on the whereabouts of Stark from another executive after pistol whipping him and holding him at gunpoint. Van Owen enters the code for the bomb, but is killed by agents working for the Chinese government afterwards. Meanwhile, the bomb explodes, killing Stark on the plane, leaving the StarkCorp assets to be seized by the government. Over the course of the story, Stern and McCain develop a romantic interest in each other; although they never kiss or show displays of affection, it is implied that they begin dating at the end of the film.'] ['Angel  is a troubled teen in Brooklyn, New York, who is homeless after being kicked out by his father. He is—for a while—taken in by a kind-hearted social worker  who has her own problems. He later tries to find support and shelter with friends from his school, and eventually attempting to find a way to get by on his own.'] ['The film focuses on a 62-year-old judge who rethinks his opposition to abortion when he finds out both his 19-year-old daughter and 38-year-old wife are unwanted pregnant.The New York Times When his daughter tries to contemplate an abortion without informing her boyfriend, he immediately expresses his disapproval. However, he later changes his mind when he finds out his wife is pregnant as well. The three of them are all forced to make important choices.'] ["The horrors of war are examined from the view points of lifelong friends and expert sharpshooters Vlado Selimović  and Slavko Stanic , who end up on opposing sides of the Bosnian War in Sarajevo. Slavko, an ethnic Serb and unemployed bachelor, becomes a sniper and instructor training the Army of Republika Srpska snipers used to terrorize the city. Vlado, a Muslim married father and successful owner of a furniture factory, rejects his friend's offer to gain an escape from the city. Instead, he becomes a marksman in the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and attempts to counter the sniper threat. Vlado soon realizes his friend, an exceptionally skilled marksman, is the enemy sniper responsible for a number of seemingly impossible shots against residents of their own neighbourhood. The two friends eventually have to face-off and only one survives."] ["Sam Field  is a high-powered businessman and scion of a rich industrialist family with his own factory. Though a workaholic, Sam manages to enjoy a playboy lifestyle, having one girlfriend after the other, while struggling with never having lived up to his father's expectations. One day, his spokesman and best friend Dave Hebert  explains that a wealthy potential buyer of his company believes that Sam is a loyal family man. Even though he is not amused by having to pretend to be a married father, he agrees to the scheme of hiring actors to play his wife and son. After some unsuccessful rehearsals with his hired family, Sam is about to give up all hope of landing the deal, when a 7-year-old girl suddenly enters his house. This is Zoey Russell , a well-meaning and friendly young girl who constantly gets into trouble due to her energetic impulses. One of these impulses was running into Sam's house, which, according to Zoey, resembled her doll house. Zoey's mother, Kathleen , is a single parent who struggles with combining parenthood with her job, coincidentally at Sam's factory. She had aspirations of becoming an artist, but settled for a lesser position when she married Jerry Russell , who has since left her. Kathleen is offered a large sum of money for her and Zoey to pose as Sam's loving family. She is not impressed with Sam, but agrees to take the job because she needs to save money for a down payment on a house, but also because Zoey is fond of Sam's house. They are given a make-over by Sam's staff and are taught what to say and what not to say to the potential client, Javier Del Campo . He is scheduled to stay at Sam's mansion for a weekend, during which he becomes fond of Zoey. When Javier announces that he will stay until the negotiations are completed, for another two weeks, Zoey is delighted, unlike Sam and Kathleen. Sam is especially frustrated, because the family act has negative influence on his work. One evening, Zoey unintentionally messes up Sam's office, which causes him to have an angry outburst. Kathleen is appalled by his behavior toward her daughter and immediately quits and leaves the house. That evening, Sam comes to Kathleen's apartment, apologizes to her and convinces her to return. The next night, the 'family' and Javier go out ice skating, during which Zoey becomes convinced that Javier is an angel. Sam, meanwhile, realizes that he is more charmed with Kathleen than with an attractive young woman who was flirting with him earlier that evening. Just when things are going for the upper, Jerry shows up where Sam, Dave and Javier are having lunch. He demands to know what is going on, and threatens to let Javier know and scuttle their negotiations. Sam, aware of his hustler lifestyle - even though Zoey thinks that he has left home to become an astronaut - offers him money to keep their secret, with the condition that he not contact his family until after Christmas. Shortly after, Kathleen learns that the possible deal between Sam and Javier includes a sale, not a merger as she thought, meaning that production will move to Mexico and will cost most of Sam's employees  their jobs. In response, she shows Sam how much his employees need their job, which puts Sam in even a more difficult position. The same evening, the bonding continues over present wrapping and they are about to kiss but are interrupted by Zoey waking up from a nightmare. On Christmas morning, Javier signs the contract, though Sam is not willing to, claiming he doesn't do business on Christmas. Instead, he kisses Kathleen under the mistletoe, which upsets Zoey. To worsen the matter, Jerry shows up, confusing Javier. Sam explains the entire situation, and Javier responds understandably, even offering to honor the contract. Again, Sam refuses to sign it, choosing instead to save the factory employees' jobs. Jerry, meanwhile, prepares to leave, assuring Zoey that she is better off with Sam and Kathleen. Nevertheless, she is devastated and reacts by climbing up a tree to see her father leave. Sam and Kathleen follow her, and the branch Zoey is on breaks. She is hanging from a branch and is afraid she can't hang on much longer. Sam tells her that he loves her and assures her that he will catch her, which he does. At the end it is shown that Zoey accepted Sam as her new father."] ['{{Plot}} Hazzard County is having a reunion festival, which includes a Toughman-style contest, and a rattlesnake chili cookoff, along with several other events. Uncle Jesse is the Grand Marshall of the reunion and at the same time, is facing a lawsuit filed by Mama Josephine Maxx for access across Duke property to the Hazzard swamp where she intends to build a theme park. Jesse however, refused access, not wanting to see the swamp destroyed. This however, has made the rest of the townsfolk angry with him as the new theme park means new jobs and revenue for Hazzard County. Driving from Washington, D.C., the Congressman representing Hazzard County in Washington, Cooter Davenport, arrives first and goes back to the Duke farm with Jesse, where Jesse is barbecuing ribs for everyone. Shortly thereafter, a car pulls up. Jesse recognizes it as Bo due to the sound of the motor. Bo has gotten a ride from a friend as he, having returned to the professional racing circuit and has come back for the reunion, has wrecked his car . Bo introduces the girl who brought him home and after she leaves, Cooter says she was so good looking, it hurt and Bo joked with him, saying the girl wasn\'t bad either. Then Daisy arrives on a motorcycle. Daisy has been at graduate school getting a PhD in ecology after a bitter divorce. Then shortly after Luke, who has become a smoke jumper for the forestry service, arrives on a fire truck. He stops to kiss someone, who Cooter at first thinks is another guy, and wondering out loud how long Luke has been away from Hazzard. Then the other person\'s hat falls off, revealing a woman underneath the uniform and the Dukes get a laugh at Cooter\'s expense. Now that everyone has arrived, Jesse tells the story of Mama Maxx\'s lawsuit and everyone is shocked for a moment to hear that Rosco is now the county Boss as well as Sheriff. Jesse tells them that Rosco inherited J.D.\'s "empire" when he died. When the Dukes arrive at Hazzard, they soon thereafter get suckered into an overland car race to determine whether or not Mama Maxx gets access to the swamp across Duke property. So Bo, Luke and Cooter go to get the General Lee, which has been stored for years in Cooter\'s garage. Problem is, when they arrive there is no car there. A moment later, Enos arrives from Los Angeles, where he has returned to work in the LAPD. When Bo and Luke suggest the General has been stolen by Mama Maxx, Enos notes that there are no tire tracks on the floor so the General must have disappeared a long time previous. He then leaves to go to the Duke farm to see Daisy. Cooter takes Bo and Luke to the town garage which was run by a man named Red, whom Cooter gave a bunch of junk cars too that was in the same garage. Cooter figures Red took the General Lee by mistake. When they arrive in town, they find that Red has retired and left his daughter Mavis in charge of the garage. She says that her dad sent all those cars, except the General cause her dad thought it too pretty to destroy, to the car crusher. They find the General in the back of the garage covered with chickens, roosters and feathers and such. After an all night session, the General is restored and ready to go. Bo and Luke take the General for a test run, find they can still outrun Rosco and Cletus, only to have the car overturned by an unknown assailant. That night, Cooter drops the Dukes off at the relocated Boar\'s Nest  and he takes the General in to start working on it again. Bo and Luke go in and sit with Enos and Daisy, who are on a date that night, and Bo recognizes the men who ran them off the road, including a disbarred race driver named Kam Cutler. They realize that Mama Maxx has hired Kam to help them win the race. After a bar fight with Mama Maxx\'s men, in which the Dukes  win rather convincingly, they return to Cooter\'s where he warns them that another stunt like what happened and the General Lee will be nothing but an orange pile of parts. When Luke begins considering a few dirty tricks of their own, he\'s stopped by Jesse, who says that they\'ll run the race fair and square and that no causeway can be built to the Hazzard Swamp because the ground will not support such a thing. At the Hazzard Swamp, Daisy and Enos have a picnic and Enos confesses the only reason he returned to Hazzard was that, after a tour of duty on the Drug Task Force and the SWAT team, he has finally gotten the courage and he asks Daisy to marry him. She then finds an unknown type of fern, and then, almost as an afterthought, accepts Enos\' proposal. Later that day, the Dukes take a Federal Ecological report to Rosco and tell him if he builds on the swamp without filling the government form they\'ve brought to him out, he may face a federal investigation. Then Daisy and Enos ask if Rosco will hurry their marriage license through quickly and ask him to perform the ceremony, which he agrees to do. Left alone, Rosco laments that his mother said that Enos would get married before he did. At the same time, Mama Maxx\'s men are telling her that they saw Daisy find some gallium arsenide ore in the swamp, they having been there the same time Daisy and Enos were. So she orders Daisy to be kidnapped, which the men do as Daisy leaves a shop in Hazzard. Jesse receives a phone call saying that she will be released after the race, but only if Bo and Luke lose. When Enos arrives at the Duke farm, Luke and Bo tell him about Daisy\'s kidnapping and that they need to make a plan to get her back. Meanwhile, Daisy has spoken to Mama Maxx and managed to manipulate her into letting her men continue to run errands for Daisy\'s wedding because if plans suddenly stop then everyone will know something is wrong. She reluctantly agrees and then after a passionate request from Daisy, agrees to help with the wedding plans herself. Daisy eventually asks Mama Maxx to be her matron of honor. On the day of the race, Jesse\'s rattlesnake chili takes second place, both Bubba and Bertha Jo reach the finals of the "off the street" boxing contest which causes Bubba to throw the fight and causing a riot at the contest. Meanwhile, the race begins between Kam in Buzz\'s "Double Zero," the only car to beat the General Lee in an overland car race, and the Dukes. The "Double Zero" gets far enough away from the General Lee to pass through the first checkpoint and then Kam switches with Buzz and takes off in a car made up like the "Double Zero" with an illegal stock car engine. With this engine, Kam sticks to the roads and takes it easy, figuring the race is already won. Meanwhile the Dukes, after barely evading a trap set by Mama Maxx\'s men, head off the road and over to the cotton mill, where they have found Daisy at. When Luke sneaks in to see what they are up against, he sees that she\'s hired mercenaries loaded with arms and that Bo and Enos needs to go get help. Further down the road, Bubba and Bertha Jo are about to fight for real, but it is interrupted by Bo\'s timely arrival and he recruits them to help out. Fortunately for them, Mama Maxx has had a soft moment and has made the mercenaries give their guns up and only fight hand-to-hand or with whatever they can pick up. Ryker tells the mercenaries, "Hey, they\'re just hicks." Almost as soon as they are finished handing over their weapons, Enos, , Bo, Bubba and Bertha Jo all bust in through the door. They manage to overpower most of the men and then Luke dives down from the ceiling and helps finish them off. Enos rescues Daisy, Luke picks up Ryker and puts him in the General\'s trunk and then they take off to finish the race. Heading along, with almost no hope of winning, the Dukes and Enos spot two "Double Zero\'s" on the side of the road. They pull over to see what is happening. Buzz comes out and tells Bo and Luke they have been racing Kam\'s car with an illegal engine and that he was supposed to finish the race in Buzz\'s car, but now it will not start. Especially without the piece that Buzz took off the engine to keep it from starting. When Kam begins to rush Buzz, Luke tells him he might want to leave Hazzard while he still can. With that, Kam jumps in his car and takes off out of the county. Buzz says he just wants to race the General Lee once more and fair and square to the finish line. Bo and Luke agree and they all get ready to take off. Luke figures that if they win, the people in Hazzard is going to be plenty upset, but if Daisy can get dressed for the wedding, they might not lynch everyone. When Buzz gets in position, at the sound of the General\'s horn, they take off. Buzz decides to stay on the road and go straight in, forcing the Dukes to take the General overland. Bo cuts the General Lee through every shortcut and field he can find and think of, making three jumps in the process before getting close to town. Once in town, it looks like Buzz is going to win, but the General races in from the other side of town and slides in front just in time to win the race. While Cooter and Jesse celebrate, the rest of the disappointed townsfolk starts to walk away until the Dukes pull up in front of a shocked Mama Maxx and Rosco. Luke pulls Ryker out of the trunk and tells Rosco he kidnapped Daisy on Mama Maxx\'s orders so they would lose the race. An enraged Rosco tells Mama Maxx that she does not have the brains of a turkey and he is sorry he conned her into building that theme park. She does not believe it, so he explains: Rosco obtained a sample of gallium arsenide ore, ostensibly to be used in a mineral exhibit at the Hazzard High School, and put it in the swamp so Mama Maxx would find it. He also reveals that he knew she was a con artist as the FBI had sent him a list of the ten most wanted real estate con artists in the country and Mama Maxx is #1. When Bo and Luke asked who helped Rosco come up with this plan, he reveals that Boss Hogg helped him. When everyone in town is shocked by that revelation, Rosco explains that before he died, Boss wrote his memoirs called "The Best Laid Plans" and in that manuscript Boss wrote: {{cquote}} Before Rosco can arrest Mama Maxx, Daisy stops him, telling Rosco that he cannot arrest the matron of honor before the wedding. Mama Maxx tells Daisy that if she had not found that gallium arsenide ore, she would not have ever kidnapped her. Daisy then says she found a new fern species. Before they can go into detailed explanations, Jesse yells out, "Let\'s have a wedding!" and they all go to the town square. Daisy stands with Bertha Jo as her maid of honor and Mama Maxx with her too and Enos has Bo and Luke as best men. A nervous Rosco starts to recite a funeral speech before he is interrupted and changes pages and almost swears Enos and Daisy in as Deputy Sheriffs before he has stopped again. Before he can start a third time, a bus pulls up and the driver steps out. It turns out to be L.D., Daisy\'s ex-husband who is trying to get directions and when he realizes he is in Hazzard, he really knows he is lost. Daisy confronts him, asking what he is doing and he tells her he is driving a bus for a little country band. Daisy then passes out and when she\'s revived, she realizes that in seeing L.D., she is not yet ready to get married yet. Enos seems to understand, saying that when she threw an apple peeling over her shoulder earlier, it formed an "S" for Enos Strate and that they are destined to be together. He then says he will just have to wait for Daisy to grow up. Daisy then asks if anyone wants a free wedding and Bo and Luke suggest Bubba and Bertha Jo get married as they already fight good enough to be married. Daisy then throws the bridal bouquet and Bubba catches it. Bo tells Rosco not to throw away that book just yet. And as the townsfolk heads back toward the square to see Bubba and Bertha Jo get married, Uncle Jesse turns to the screen and , tells the audience: {{cquote}} The movie ends with the message "In loving memory" containing a list of actors and cast members who had died before the movie was produced followed by the Dukes and everyone else bowing play-style and stepping backwards one step before the end credits appear.'] ['The film begins with the audition process, in which Caramello is introduced to MTV icon Carson Daly, one of Caramello\'s biggest idols, who is also up for the role of the main character "Stone Fury" . After a botched audition, interrupted numerous times by Barris and Mole, he eventually wins the role over Daly . The plot of the movie he is supposed to be in is a dubious story involving "sports private eye" Fury trying to track down the actual refrigerator of William "Refrigerator" Perry and the pants of Ernie Banks . The film is directed by Bobcat Goldthwait, who is the actual director, in addition to playing the director of the fake film-within-the-film, and only speaks to people through a bullhorn. Caramello is followed around by at least fifteen cameras  during the filming process. He is told from the beginning that he is being recorded and interviewed for the film\'s DVD extras. Some of the pranks include repeatedly dumping him into a dumpster filled with manure; making him drink a milkshake made of coffee, Chinese food, raw egg, pizza, and beer, giving him a case of severe diarrhea; and bringing in a stunt double to film Caramello\'s sex scene with his leading lady. Along the way, Barris and Mole continue to egg him on, performing a balancing act of pushing his buttons and stroking his ego. The stress increasingly infuriates Caramello and frequently leads him to scream in a high-pitched shriek. Barris regularly tells Perry to "unleash the Fury". Throughout the filmmaking process, Perry is introduced to several individuals, purported to be real people, whose names are identical to historical and cinematic figures. Such individuals include the producer of the movie, "John Quincy Adams" , casting director "Roman Polanski", played by Dane Cook, studio receptionist and soon to be co-star, "Susan B. Anthony" , Japanese "money man" "Hiroshima Nagasaki" , limo driver "Travis Bickle", set photographer "Ansel Adams" , "Frances Farmer" , Caramello\'s personal assistant "Burt Ward" and stagehands "Sacco and Vanzetti". Perry never questions these coincidences, though he does express doubts as to the identity of a man purporting to be Charlton Heston, who refused to leave Perry\'s assigned trailer. To placate him, Perry suavely offered the old man a cameo in the film, which he enthusiastically accepts with humorous results. The film culminates in an intentionally hindered race to the fake film\'s "one time only screening" during which Perry is delayed by a number of setbacks, until finally making it in time to see a select few scenes of the film. The film itself  features laughably unrealistic special effects, lines of dialogue ripped from Casablanca and Gone with the Wind, and even a dinosaur . Following the screening, Perry is met with a round of applause from the audience, and is presented with a trophy from the "President of Show Business". A running gag in the movie is that whenever Caramello\'s name appears in print , it is misspelled. When the DVD of the film was released in 2006, the cover is listed as starring "Perry Karamello". Cameo appearances also include Tammy Faye Bakker.'] ['Sara Morgan  is a woman who thinks the murder of her husband  will solve all her problems. However, she realizes that it won\'t be enough. Her sister, Amber, finds her diary after Sara is found dead. Through the pages, flashbacks are seen to Sara\'s marriage, the death of her husband, her second marriage, and twist ending that exposes the truth behind all the relationships. Her husband has a "second to die" life insurance policy, where the beneficiary receives the money after both people die—in this case, both Sara and her husband. After the plane explosion, Sara marries her husband\'s friend, "Scooch". What she doesn\'t know is that he\'s involved with her neighbor, Cynthia, who is seen putting on a wig. Her wig becomes crucial later on. "Scooch" arranges Sara\'s death in search of the three million dollar payout. The showdown between husband and wife ends with Sara shot dead and floating in the pool.'] ['"No one stands beyond the reach of the law, not even the Church." The sexual abuse of minors by priests is the delicate issue to be handled by Peter and Emmeline Guitry, devout Catholics whose lives are shattered when their son Robbie reveals that he has been sexually abused by their priest, Father Frank Aubert. Along with other parents in the parish, they begin a persistent but painful campaign to remove Aubert from the clergy, and have him prosecuted as a sex offender. The Catholic Church attempts to cover up the abuse and place Aubert back in the parish, causing a nationally publicized lawsuit.'] ['After the passing of their mother three years prior, Ben and Emily have driven their father David crazy by going through one nanny after another. Finally Kate Hewitt  accepts the position, mostly because the schedule allows her to pursue her dream of becoming a teacher. Primadonna ballerina Emily begins to lash out more, especially when Kate seems to fit in well with David and Ben. Soon Emily realizes how much Kate and she have in common and that Kate may be the key to having a happy family again.'] ['In Jasper, Texas in June 1998, three self-proclaimed white supremacists chain James Byrd, Jr. to the back of their pickup and drag him to his death over three miles of country road. When the town is forced to deal with an onslaught of media coverage that thrusts it into the collective conscience of the entire country and the arrival of contentious members of the Ku Klux Klan and the Black Panthers, the once peaceful relationship between its white and black citizens is subjected to tension. Trying to maintain peace in the community as the trial of the three perpetrators commences are black mayor R.C. Horn and white sheriff Billy Rowles, neither of whom is prepared to handle all the negative publicity. Justice is served when two of the men are condemned to death and the third is sentenced to life in prison.'] ["A magnitude 10.5 earthquake destroys most of Los Angeles, California and triggers a massive tsunami which causes massive damage to Waikiki, Hawaii. It turns out to be only the first of a series of seismic events, including the awakening of extinct volcanoes, sudden instability of aquifers, and awakening of ancient faults. The Hoover Dam in Boulder City, Nevada and Arizona collapses when Lake Mead starts to heat up and expand beyond the spillway's capacity. Las Vegas, Nevada is then destroyed when acidic water undermines underground limestone, creating a massive sinkhole. The worst of the seismic events is a massive fault which has opened up under South Dakota, destroying Mount Rushmore in the process. The geologists at the United States Geological Survey don't understand why seismic events which usually take centuries or longer would be happening so rapidly, but Dr. Samantha Hill remembers that her father had once theorized that the earth's tectonic plates would reach a point of maximum separation, at which point they would reverse direction. The theory also states that related seismic activity would be vastly accelerated during the initial period of reversal. However, Dr. Earl Hill had been ostracized by the USGS for that theory, and had abandoned geology to become a successful professional poker player. When Las Vegas sinks into the ground, he is caught in the casino of the  Atlas Hotel. The second part of the miniseries begins with Dr. Hill's rescue from the ruins of the Atlas Hotel just before it is swallowed up completely. At the same time, a massive fault line forms in North Dakota, passing through South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, and Oklahoma. If it reaches Houston, Texas and the Gulf of Mexico, as predicted, the mid-western plains will be covered by a new ocean, just as they were thousands of years ago. A massive evacuation of the region is ordered, as earthquakes strike Sedona, Arizona destroying the Chapel of the Holy Cross in the process. However, the  nuclear plant in Red Plains, Texas, is right in the fault's path. If it is destroyed, the entire area and hundreds of miles around will be contaminated by nuclear waste. Dr. Earl Hill comes up with a desperate plan to divert the fault around the nuclear plant by opening up a secondary fault running east, by a controlled demolition which explosively ignites the massive natural gas reserves in the area. The main fault follows the new path around Red Plains, saving the nuclear plant. However, nothing can stop the fault altogether. Once again it turns south, slicing through the middle of Houston to reach the Gulf of Mexico. At the same time, the northern half of the fault has reached Hudson Bay. When the waters rush into the fault, they create a new ocean which splits the United States and Canada in half."] ["Martha Dennison, Edward Dennison's wife and heiress  seeks out professor Jonathan Brock  to help find her husband who disappeared four years earlier on an expedition towards the center of the Earth. At first Jonathan is hesitant to go despite Martha's offer to handsomely pay him, giving him the opportunity to pay off the debts left to him by his recently deceased father, while his nephew and aspiring journalist Abel is excited for the opportunity to get real life journalistic experience. After reviewing Edward's notes Jonathan is persuaded to go along. The two of them, along with Abel, go to the newly acquired Alaskan territory to gather information about Edward and his expedition and find a Russian guide, Sergei, to aide their search of her husband. They struggle to cover a large amount of ground in only 10 days based upon information recovered from a crudely drawn map. They find and enter a mine shaft in a volcano, venturing deep into the center of the earth. Along the way small signs are found of the previous expedition along with the skeleton of Mikael, a friend like a brother to Sergei, and see it as an ominous sign of what's ahead. Abel constantly lags behind taking notes and pictures of the journey and discovers a passage to a strange new land. They come out into a world that, at first, seems much like the surface except that it never gets dark despite there being no sun with a lush forest land and a large lake-like sea. Soon they encounter many prehistoric creatures and the adventure really begins. While Martha takes a bath and short swim she is attacked by some sort of creature in the sea, at the same time Jonathan and Sergei find some logs that were clearly cut down by a person using an Axe to make a raft to cross the sea. They use the left over logs and their supply of rope to make a raft of their own and notice several dinosaur-like birds flying above their heads in a vulture like fashion. As some of the birds move into attack they notice another large dinosaur in the water heading for their raft. Jonathan suggests shooting the birds to distract and feed the much larger and more lethal dinosaur in the water. They then discuss the nature of the creatures that they encountered noting that they seem to have come from different eras of development and may have escaped to this region to survive Ice Ages and other dinosaur-killing phenomenons. They then find another damaged raft, believed to be Edward's, and decide to make camp. While Abel goes exploring alone, Sergei reveals to Jonathan that he did not go along with Edward when he first came to Alaska because he did not trust him and blames himself for not stopping Mikael from joining the expedition that lead to his death. Abel encounters two native women in the forest and he gathers the rest to follow a trail that may lead them to more answers. While crossing a rather well-made bridge a group of hostile natives surrounds them and brings them to their village to meet their leader which is Edward himself, who acts rather coldly towards them and forces them bow and give up their weapons as a native custom. Edward elaborates the nature of his conditions, that the villagers believe him to be some kind of a god who has brought them prosperity and safety by sharing his wisdom which are actually ideas of indigenous survival he got from studying other civilizations. In a private discussion with him Martha admits that she is was expecting him to be more happy to see him, he then admits that he had never expected her to come for him and intends to stay there where he has power and influence compared to the world above where he found her power threatening. Edward makes a pass at Martha and she rebuffs him and he goes to the village priestess whom he regards as a new wife. While they are talking a group of natives encounters another and they join forces and free some prisoners. When Edwards leaves his tent and finds these people he begins to shoot at them and kills one young man in front of all the others claiming that he is a traitor. Martha slaps him causing him to bleed planting seeds of doubt that he is a god, he then explains that their leader  has doubted Edward from the start and started a resistance to his rule and that the presence of group has undercut Edward's power and that the resistance must be destroyed. Martha explains that Edward has always been this way and that his arrogance is what attracted her to him in the first place. Edward then loses the power and influence of the tribe as he has been revealed to be a false god and all of the villagers leave him. He then leaves all of his village gear behind and states that they must now leave and that their raft has been destroyed so they must take an ancient passage while the resistance is hot on their trail to stop them. The resistance advances upon them Edward holds out a single piece of Dynamite to ward of their attacks and when they reach the cave he lights the dynamite with the hope that it will seal the entrance to the cave that leads to the surface. When it fails to ignite, Edward leaves the cave and shoots the dynamite sealing the rest of the group in, and him out with the violent resistance. The team then struggles through water filled passages that lead them up through to the lake on the surface, where they originally found the entrance to the cave. On the surface they make a small memorial for Edward, who is presumed dead, and decide not to tell the secret of the world below, and to continue their adventures to the East Indies with Martha and Jonathan  as an item. Abel then writes at the end of his diary that everything he has written and drawn about is only a figment of his imagination as to discredit their discoveries."] ['A look at the life and work of physician-assisted suicide advocate Jack Kevorkian. Jack introduces a new idea of doctor assisted suicide. His aim is to help the hopeless patients who are suffering pain to commit suicide effortlessly.{{cite news}}'] ['A divorced mother does her best to hide the scars of emotional and physical abuse inflicted upon her by her son, and when authorities begin to suspect that she is the abuser in their relationship, she must face the truth of the matter.'] ["During World War II, a young German woman is separated from her family and imprisoned by the Nazis. After being freed she falls in love with a German officer and they get married. When Berlin falls to the Russians, and her husband is killed, she flees to the United States, carrying her unborn child. All the while, she does not giving up hope that she will find her family, tied together by her mother's ring."] ["Lyndon B. Johnson wins the 1964 U.S. presidential election by a landslide. His administration strives to advance civil rights and do other good work, but the Vietnam War consumes it. Johnson's civilian and military leaders persuade him to take America's involvement in Vietnam deeper and deeper, against the advice of the President's trusted adviser, Clark Clifford, who opposes the strategy of the Cabinet's Secretary of Defense, Robert McNamara. The film examines Johnson's often misunderstood and challenging presidency, concluding with his decision not to run for re-election in 1968."] ["The film recounts the events in the life of Colonel Margarethe Cammermeyer which led to her retirementCammermeyer's website from the Washington National Guard under the U.S. military's gay exclusion policy."] ["Based a on a true story about two sisters who came out on top of a man's sport. The story is based on Erica and Courtney Enders, two sisters who get in to junior drag racing and make it all the way to the top. The two sisters fight a battle of fellow racers who are against having girls race with them therefore it pushes them harder to compete against their competition. Erica becomes stressed when her racing life becomes mixed with her social life and academic goals, and decided to quit racing, until she realizes racing is what she truly wants to do. Finally towards the end of their teen years the Enders sisters come out on top to win the NHRA Junior Dragster national title. They continue to race throughout high school and college, and still do so today. On July 1, 2012, Erica Enders became the first woman to win in the Pro Stock division of the NHRA Full Throttle Drag Racing Series by winning the O'Reilly Auto Parts Route 66 Nationals held at Route 66 Raceway in Joliet, IL, defeating Greg Anderson in a live televised final on fellow Disney property ESPN2.{{cite journal}}"] ["Ralph Macchio plays Billy Grier, the 15-year-old victim of a rare degenerative disease that speeds up the aging process. After Billy suddenly becomes ill, a series of tests are run, with the diagnosis tragic. A team of doctors tell Billy and his mother Nancy  that there is no cure for his condition and that he will die of old age related natural causes decades before his time. Shortly after this, Billy breaks down following a rage-filled rant where he destroys almost everything in his bedroom. With only a few months left to live, Billy hopes to realize three goals: He wants to drive a car, play his saxophone in a jazz band; and to make love to a woman for the first time. He also harbors a desire to see his long-estranged father one last time. Due to the sensitive nature of his parents' relationship and to protect her from his degenerative condition, Billy chooses not to tell Nancy about his wishes, setting out on his own to see his wishes fulfilled. Billy finds the key to two of his wishes when he meets Phyllis , a sassy young woman with dreams of her own, one of which is to open a beauty salon. The two set out to work together and realize their dreams. Phyllis makes his first come true when they walk into a jazz club and she encourages him to play his saxophone. Billy plays well enough to awe the customers into stopping their conversations and listen to him play. As time passes, Billy realizes he cannot keep his secret from Phyllis any longer. He tells her one evening that he wishes to make love to her, a request she denies, though not entirely in opposition to the idea. Billy helps Phyllis realize her own dream when she applies for a loan to open her beauty salon, introducing him  as her friend and associate, when questioned about her business acumen. Billy balks during a moment alone with Phyllis, stating that he knows nothing at all about business, and believes Phyllis to be using him. However, the bank officer, after seeing Billy's obvious signs of aging, is convinced that he's a credible partner with experience, which minimizes the risk of giving Phyllis the loan, which is then approved. Throughout all of this is a subplot involving Nancy, who discovers that her son is gone and believes he has left to go and die alone. She becomes depressed and despondent, totally cutting herself off from the outside world. When utility workers come to shut off her gas for non-payment, she flatly tells them to do what they have to do. A moment later, she comes to her senses and writes them a check to pay off her back balance. This begins the process of her getting on with her life and realizing that she may never see her son alive again. Phyllis helps Billy realize another dream, as she makes love to him for the very first time. The following morning, Billy gets up early to leave, wishing to spare Phyllis from his impending doom. A tearful Phyllis is already up waiting for him, not wanting him to be alone in his current condition. She relents after Billy explains to her that he intends to go back home and straighten things out with his mother. On his way back, Billy stops at a diner, where he suddenly falls ill and ducks behind the building to throw up. The diner's fry cook assists him...it's his father, who has been living a hand-to-mouth existence and suffers from alcoholism. Billy's father does not recognize his son nor does Billy disclose his relationship to the man. Billy returns home and passes Nancy on an airport escalator, however she fails to recognize him. However, her eye catches a glimpse of her son, now in his advanced stages of aging. After a moment she recognizes her son and rushes into his arms. The movie ends with Nancy and Billy at a camping village, making the most of their last remaining days together."] ['The film follows the true story of Dr. Dennis Slamon , who helped develop the breast cancer drug Herceptin, over the course of 8 years from 1988 to 1996. Dr. Slamon is a research doctor at UCLA Medical Center , where he has developed the experimental drug Herceptin, which he believes will become a treatment for breast cancer. However, when the drug company stops funding for research, philanthropists, including Lilly Tartikoff  and Ronald Perelman help him continue tests of the drug. Funding was done with an initial donation from Perelman\'s Revlon charity, and continued over the years with the "Fire and Ice Ball" organized by Tartikoff. Eventually the drug company funds the research and the drug goes through three trials before gaining approval from the FDA . Prior to the trials, the drug has a "mouse trial", with Nicole , a young mother with stage 4 cancer, receiving the drug first. Although her mother Elizabeth  pleads with Dr. Slamon, Nicole is not included in the subsequent trials as she does not meet the protocols. The women in the trials, particularly the first trial, band together. They handle their disease and drug trial, with humor—Tish , or with alternative therapy—Tina . The stories of Barbara  and Ellie  are followed throughout, as they go through the trials and eventual recovery. Some patients involved in the tests die, but ultimately Slamon\'s work with the drug changes the course of breast cancer treatment.'] ['In 1979, NASA scientist Dylan Hunt  is working on "Project Ganymede", a suspended animation system for astronauts on long-duration space flights. As chief of the project he volunteers for the first multi-day test. He places himself in chemically-induced hibernation deep inside Carlsbad Caverns; while there, his lab is buried in an earthquake. The monitoring equipment is damaged and fails to awake him at the intended end of the test. He awakens instead in 2133, emerging into a chaotic post-apocalyptic world. An event called "The Great Conflict"  destroyed the civilization of Hunt\'s time. Various new civilizations have emerged in a struggle for control of available resources. Those with the greatest military might and the will to use it have the greatest advantage. Dylan Hunt is accidentally found and rescued by an organization calling themselves "PAX" . PAX members are the descendants of the NASA personnel who worked and lived at the Carlsbad Installation in Dylan\'s time. They are explorers and "scientists" who preserve what little information and technology survive from before the Conflict, and who seek to learn and acquire more in an effort to build a new civilization. Members of PAX find Dylan Hunt still sealed in the hibernation chamber. They revive him, and are thrilled to meet a survivor from before the Conflict. An elaborate "Subshuttle" subterranean rapid transit system was constructed during the 1970s, due to the vulnerability of air transportation to attack. The Subshuttles utilized a magnetic levitation rail system. They operated inside vactrain tunnels and ran at hundreds of miles per hour. The tunnel network was comprehensive enough to cover the entire globe. The PAX organization inherited the still-working system and used it to dispatch their teams of troubleshooters. In the area once known as Arizona and New Mexico a totalitarian regime known as the Tyranians rule the area. The Tyranians are mutants who possess greater physical prowess than non-mutated humans; they can be identified by their dual navels. Their leader discovers that Hunt has knowledge of nuclear power systems, and they offer him great rewards if he can repair their failing nuclear power generator. However, once he is in their power they attempt to force him to reactivate a nuclear missile system in their possession, with which they intend to destroy their enemies and dominate the region. Hunt is appalled by this small-scale replay of the events that must have led to the Conflict. He leads a revolt of the enslaved citizenry, sabotages the nuclear device, and destroys the reactor. To Hunt\'s dismay, the PAX leaders assert their pacifist nature and intentions. They are attempting to rebuild an idealistic society using all that was deemed "good" from Earth\'s past, and they regard Hunt\'s interference with a rival civilization and his destructive tactics as antithetical to this end. However, they also see great good in him and value his knowledge of the past. They ask Hunt to join PAX permanently but only if he can agree to never again take human lives. Hunt half-heartedly agrees. Security Chief Yuloff states that the rationale of taking lives to justify the saving of lives was what allowed "The Great Conflict" to happen in the first place.  The following are story concepts that were in development during the production of Genesis II that would have become individual episodes had the network approved the series. *"Company B" - A "Trojan Horse" suicide squad from the days of the great conflict comes out of suspended animation and attacks PAX. They represent the 1995 A.D. ideal of a perfect soldier. *"London Express" - A hair raising journey through submerged portions of the North Atlantic subshuttle tube to mysterious London of 2133 A.D. Dylan Hunt and Team-21 meet Lyra-A there and the mad monarch King Charles X. *"Robots Return" - The advanced computers and sophisticated machinery left on a moon of Jupiter by a 1992 NASA expedition have evolved into a new form of robot life and visit Earth in search of the "God" which created their life. They meet Dylan Hunt, formerly of NASA and consider him a messiah. This story idea was later developed into the script for Star Trek: The Motion Picture, and, shares that work\'s thematic similarities to "The Changeling", written by John Meredyth Lucas. *"Poodle Shop" - Dylan Hunt is captured and put on sale by the females in a strange society where men are treated as domestic pets and often traded back and forth for breeding purposes. This story idea would later turn into the second pilot, Planet Earth. *"The Apartment" - Trapped inside 20th century ruins by a mysterious force field, Dylan Hunt is catapulted through a time continuum back to 1975 where he can be seen as a "transparent ghost" by the girl living in the apartment there. A bizarre love affair with a surprise twist ending. The basic plot appears later as an unused Star Trek: Phase II episode "Tomorrow and the Stars". *"The Electric Company" - Dylan Hunt and his PAX team encounter a place where a strong priesthood holds a society in bondage through the clever use of electricity. The simple inhabitants see the flashes of light and the amplified voices as the sight and sound of "God", but Dylan\'s team ends the dominance of the priesthood when they come up with still better tricks. This episode superficially resembles the Star Trek episode "Return of the Archons". Source: - Lincoln Enterprises Catalog No. 6'] ["Esther  is a disillusioned and bitter nursing home resident who shares much with her attendant, Michael , in terms of personal sacrifices that they have both made. Esther also hides a dark secret. Michael has spent his life looking after his cancer-stricken late mother and now faces rejection from his fiancee's father. Michael makes it his mission to improve the last years of Esther's life. Aided with a locket with her lost love's photograph, Michael searches for the elusive love of Esther's life. But ironically it is Esther that does the greatest favour for Michael by vouching for him when he's accused of a murder in the nursing home.Family Drama - The Locket All Movie Guide. Retrieved on 31 August 2010"] ["She Cried No tells the story of Melissa, a college freshman anxious to fit in with the popular crowd. After arriving, she immediately befriends her roommates Jordan and Kellie and attracts the attention of Scott, the member of the college's most popular fraternity  who has a history of date raping fellow female students. She and Jordan attend a party at Scott's frat; there, she becomes the latest victim of Scott, who drugs her. Before he takes her upstairs to a room to rape her, she notices a passed out Jordan being taken to a room by a guy as well. Upstairs, Scott turns on loud music, and then rapes her. Melissa manages to escape his room afterwards and flees from the frat house in tears. The next day, an upset Melissa returns to college and bumps into Scott several times, who pretends as if nothing has happened. Melissa becomes depressed, ignoring her school work, estranging from her friends, not eating and not sleeping. Jordan takes it worse and drops out of college immediately. One night, while having dinner with Michael and his girlfriend Holly, Scott shows up. Melissa freaks out, runs away and causes a car accident. She is taken into the hospital, but is not severely injured. She admits to a doctor about what happened, and she realizes she had been raped. She later admits this to her mother Denise, who wants to press charges. Her father Edward and Michael discourage her from doing this, explaining it could ruin her future. Prosecuting Scott proves to be difficult, because she does not have any evidence. She receives no support from her friends and fellow students either, who think she led him on and was asking for it. When Scott starts to threaten her and students start bullying her, she considers pulling back from prosecuting. However, fed up with being scared, she decides not to give up, but Scott manipulates the jury and is found not guilty. Devastated by the results, Melissa attempts to move on with her life, wanting to put the rape behind her. Michael, however, is determined to help her out and finds photos taken the night of the party  proving Melissa was right all along. He gets into a fight with Scott for raping his sister and announces he is leaving the fraternity. Meanwhile, Melissa starts receiving support from other students. Courtney, a promicuous girl, admits to her that she was raped by Scott as well but did not have the courage to say something. Melissa starts to collect evidence against him and is successful in gaining a lot of video footage that was taken the night of the party and various other times in the frat house that show Scott's true nature. She gives him one chance to come clean, and when he does not take it, she publicizes the footage airing it on TV, showing what kind of person he truly is. Afterwards, all the students turn their back against Scott, and Jordan finally shares her rape story with Melissa. As the film ends, Scott's fraternity house is being shut down, apparently, the fraternity's charter having been revoked."] ["{{Expand section}} A woman realizes that she is being watched in her apartment by someone. That person makes threatening calls to her. She reports it to the police, who don't take her seriously, so she decides to take action on her own."] ["The movie, Their Eyes Were Watching God, opens with an introduction of Oprah giving a brief synopsis of the movie. She states that the movie will make people have a different outlook on kissing. Before the movie begins, she states that Hurston will be very proud of the outcome of the movie. After the introduction, it switches into the actual film which begins with Janie Crawford  who is in overalls walking into Eatonville, Florida barefoot. She mentions that there are two things that people need to find out about which are love and living. She says that love is like the sea because it is a moving thing that is on every shore. As she continues to walk through Eatonville into her home, you hear people of the town saying comments such as Tea Cake , who we later learn to be her younger third lover, has taken all of her money and abandoned her. They assume this because after a number of days of running off with Tea Cake, she returned to Eatonville alone with no Tea Cake in sight. However, ignoring these comments, Janie enters her house and begins playing the piano. Her best friend, Pheoby Watson  walks into her house and brings her food. Pheoby gives Janie her opinion that Tea Cake was a bad person who took advantage of Janie, but Janie disagrees because she believes that what Tea Cake and her had was real love. As she is explaining herself to Pheoby, the scene switches to her past of age sixteen where her life story to Pheoby will begin. The scene takes place at Janie's grandmother's house. Janie is standing in the backyard admiring a bee pollinating a pear tree. As she is looking, she sees Johnny Taylor  in a distance. She runs to him and they begin to kiss. Moments shortly, her grandmother, Nanny , catches her kissing him. Nanny drags Janie away and tells her that she does not want Janie to be like her mother. Therefore, this leads to the idea of marriage. Nanny announces that she has arranged a marriage for Janie with an elderly man named Logan Killicks . Janie, who is unfavorable of this arrangement, speaks back to her Nanny saying that she did not want to marry him. As a reaction, Nanny slaps her across the face and says that Killicks can support her with the sixty acres that he owns. This arrangement has to be made for Janie because they both know that Nanny is getting old; therefore, Janie cannot support herself on her own. As a response to the slap, Janie runs off into a nearby lake and lays there floating. She looks out into the sky and begins “watching God.” Janie ends up marrying and beginning a life with Logan Killicks . They both physically work together at managing their sixty acres. One day, Logan realizes that they need another plier; therefore, he goes to Hamilton County to buy one. Janie asks if she can come with him, but he tells her to stay to work on the farm. After Logan leaves, Janie releases their pigs and encounters Joe “Jody” Starks  who is walking passed by their home to get to Eatonville, Florida. They converse and Joe tells her that he is going to place that will eventually become a great town. Joe tries to convince Janie to come with him, but she denies. He tells her that if she changes her mind, he will be waiting down the road for her after sunrise the next morning. That night as Janie and Logan are in bed, she asks him what he would do if she were to leave him. Logan states that she must not appreciate his treatment and his sixty acres that he has to offer her. He finalizes the conversation by telling Janie to do what she has to do. As Logan's wife, Janie realizes that she only married him for his financial support instead of for love. She will not feel love for him even if she waits. Therefore the next morning, she decides to go to Eatonville, Florida with Joe to find change. Joe and Janie arrive to Eatonville, Florida as a married couple. Janie now carries the name Mrs. Starks to the locals in that town. Upon their arrival, one of the persons they are greeted by is Amos Hicks . Joe Starks asks Amos if he knows where Eatonville is and Amos replies that have currently reached Eatonville. Joe and Janie see that Eatonville is a town that has been barely developed. Therefore, Joe takes the role of buying more land from Caption Eaton and becoming mayor of the town. With the locals coming together to work as a team, they construct a newly built Eatonville that actually represents a real, decent town. Also, Joe built a two story home for both Janie and him, and a shop for them to run a business. After its completion, a festivity is held for Mayor Joe Starks to present and document the town as official. For the speech ceremony, the ladies of Eatonville make Janie a dress to wear; however, Joe ordered her an outfit from one of the finest stores in Orlando telling her that the outfit he bought was more appropriate for a mayor's wife compared to the one the ladies made for her. During the festivity, Janie overhears some of the ladies saying that since Janie is not wearing there dress, they must think she is too good to wear the dress that they made for her. Through her facial expression, she expresses an emotion of uneasiness but must deal with the opinions. Once Joe finishes giving his speech, Amos Hicks shouts out loud for Mrs. Starks to give a speech as well. Janie smiles and seems to be about ready to say something, but Joe cuts her off by saying that she does not know anything about speech making and he did not marry her for anything like that. The next day, some of the locals gather up to play checkers in front of the Starks' shop. As Janie is standing there with them watching them play, Amos Hicks admires her hair and lightly touches it. Joe sees this occurrence from behind the register and tells Janie to come back into the shop. After having an argument, he hands her a scarf and tells her to wrap up her hair, giving her the reason that she must wrap up her hair because she is the mayor's wife. Janie throws the scarf on the floor and runs out of the shop into their home, with Joe following her. After she is done packing up her belongings, Joe follows her out of the house and tells her, while the locals watching, that all she will be without him is someone who men will take advantage of and toss into the ditch in the end. After hearing this, Janie ends up walking back into their home, agreeing to wrap up her hair in the scarf. Every day, Janie lived a routine life: breakfast at dawn, lunch at noon, and dinner by six. Twenty years past and Janie still lives the same routine life that was designed for her by Joe. One day in the shop when getting Sam Watson some tobacco, Joe and Janie get into an argument. Janie does not like the fact that Joe calls her old and talks back to him about his own old age. Janie further insults Joe's manhood in front of the locals as she walks out of the shop. Angry and humiliated, Joe follows Janie and smacks her across the face, knocking her onto the ground. She struggles to stand up with a bloody lip and a scratch on her forehead. Phoeby comes to comfort Janie and take her away from the shop, while Joe Starks looks back at the disapproved looks of the locals and goes back into the shop. Phoeby gives Janie a place to sleep away from Joe. One day, a doctor visits the household to check on Joe's declining health. Janie watches this and, realizing that Joe is going to die soon, pays a visit to her bedridden husband. As he is lying in bed, Janie thanks him for the life he gave her and the materials he bought for her. She also tells him, however, that her own feelings were diminished just to make room for his wishes. As Joe's wife, Janie gained class, but she was not allowed to create her own identity. Joe tries to silence her, but Janie berates him for trying to control her even in his last moments, instead of accepting her love. Once Joe hears this, he looks directly at Janie and wishes death upon her before finally passing away. After his funeral, Janie finally removes her scarf and she states that for once, she feels free. The scene drifts off into Janie entering a lake, symbolizing her feeling of freedom. A year of living a life full of freedom finally passes. One day while Janie is working in her shop alone, a gentlemen enters and asks for tobacco and light. Everyone else in town is at the ball game except for them two. She asks him why he is not there like everyone else and he responds saying that not everyone, since Janie is here working at the shop. They continue mingle and agree to play a game of checkers against each other. Janie loses and he tells her that he will teach her how to play one day. Janie says that he can teach her as long as he does not cheat her. He offers her a drink and introduces himself to her as Tea Cake. The scene changes to the locals hanging out together. Amos Hicks continue to carry the goal of marrying Janie, but Janie does not feel the same way for him. Janie is sitting in a rocking chair in front of her house eating an apple. She sees Tea Cake coming by the shop to where the checker table is. He yells across to Janie to challenge him at a game of checkers again. Before they begin to play, Amos Hicks volunteers to teach Janie how to play. However, as he is talking to her, Janie is not paying attention because she is too focused on Tea Cake. Tea Cake and Janie continue to hang out that night. He introduces her to many new things such as tasting the juice from a lemon, fishing, and playing the piano. After hanging out that night, Janie asks him to leave because she does not want to be taken advantaged of by Tea Cake, especially because Tea Cake is younger than her. Therefore, she believes that he has had many flings with many girls. The next morning Tea Cake shows up at her door with strawberries to convince her and prove through actions and not just words that he is serious about them two. Later, she goes out on a picnic with Tea Cake. There, he teaches her how to shoot and aim a gun. They continue to hang out doing many activities together that Janie has never done before. Seeing this, Phoeby has a talk with Janie saying that she is worried about her involvement with Tea Cake. Phoeby reminds her of what happened to Annie Taller. Annie had run off with a younger guy that ended taking all of her money and leaving her. Janie is not convinced that Tea Cake is like that; therefore, she still decides to run off with Tea Cake. Janie and Tea Cake dance the night away and end up having a sexual romantic night together. She wakes up to find him and all of her money missing. After a long while of waiting for him, he finally arrives back. He sweet talks his way back into getting her by saying that he took her money to gamble to try to win more money to take her out to Orlando and buy her pretty things. He says he wanted to win the world for her but does not want to drag her down by doing so. Janie replies back saying that he cannot drag her down because all he has to give her is himself. Pleased with her response, Tea Cake then brings up the subject about both of them living in Everglades, which Janie ends up agreeing to. At Everglades, there is a variety of different types of people who all express their sense of freedom. That night, there is a music and dance festivity held. This scene plays a part in expressing Janie and Tea Cake's romantic chemistry with each other. Living there, Janie volunteers into becoming a working woman with Tea Cake by helping him pick cucumbers in the fields. Living with Tea Cake in Everglades, Janie felt for the first time that she was living her life because she finally had freedom and real love. The scene changes to Janie and Tea Cake fishing. As they are fishing, a few Indians pass by and tell them that they are going to high grounds because a big storm is coming. Many of the locals move up north as well. They offer Tea Cake and Janie a ride, but they decide to stay in Everglades to continue work. During the storm, they spend the night together in their home. They converse and Janie expresses her love to Tea Cake. He is surprised because he did not know that she felt that strongly about him. Unexpectedly, a hurricane comes crashing into their home and takes them both with it. While Janie is swimming around in the water searching for Tea Cake, a dog appears and tries to attack Janie. Tea Cake comes from behind and attacks the dog; however, he gets bit. A week later, the storm settles down and people return to try to rebuild the town. Tea Cake has been feeling awfully sick. A doctor checks up on him and tells Janie that Tea Cake has rabies and must be taken to the county hospital as soon as possible. The doctor tells Janie that he will try his best to get Janie the medicine that Tea Cake needs. As days past, Janie sees Tea Cake's personality changing due to the rabies taking control over him. One night as Tea Cake wakes from an awful dream, Janie finds a gun under his pillow. The next morning when Tea Cake leaves the house for a bit to use the restroom, Janie is able to remove four bullets but two remain before Tea Cake returns. Tea Cake asks Janie why she does not sleep with him anymore. In response, she agrees to lie next to him. As she is lying there, she sees a rifle hanging on the side of the house. She hears a car arriving and thinks it is the doctor. Therefore, she runs out; however, it ends up not being him. As she comes back into the house, Tea Cake is standing there and slams the door behind her because he believes that Janie is trying to run off. Tea Cake holds the gun in his hand and fires at Janie, but there is no bullet. Janie tells him that the rabies is taking control of him and advises him to try to fight against it. He fires again, but once again there is no bullet. He continues to shoot. Janie asks him if he recognizes her, but he aims the gun at her again. This time if he were to fire, there will definitely be a bullet reaching Janie. He reaches for the trigger again, but before he is able to fire, Janie grabs the rifle and fires at him in self-defense. Tea Cake ends up dying in her arms. The scene changes back to the presence where Janie is telling Phoeby her life story to prove why Tea Cake was not a bad guy to her. Phoeby tells her that after listening to her story, she is now motivated to live her life and to create a self-identity. Phoeby leaves to her significant other so she can begin working on her goal. The movie ends with Janie wrapping Tea Cake's jacket around herself and running off into the lake. She lies there flat on her back and looks up into the sky. She hears Tea Cake's voice as she is “watching God.”"] [' Earth is devaststed by a nuclear war in 2084. The sky is red from chemical waste, and was once the United States has become "Deathlands" inhabited by mutants. Communities ruled by powerful survivors are called "villes", and the one known asFront Royale had been ruled by a good man who is killed by his wife, Lady Rachel Cawdor . His son, Harvey Cawdor , kills one of his brothers and partially blinds his young brother Ryan Cawdor , who then escapes. After spending 20 years in the wastelands, the one-eyed Ryan returns to Front Royale accompanied by his girlfriend, Krysty Worth ; the teenage mutant Jak Laurent ; and weapons specialist J. B. Dix  to face his stepmother and brother and avenge his father\'s murder.'] ['Anne Carson  is sent to a women\'s prison for allegedly participating in a bank robbery with two others, one, Paul Anderson  who is still at large. The money was never recovered and all eyes are on Anne who denies knowing about the money. On arrival in prison, Anne meets the outwardly tough matron in charge  and the prison chaplain Rev Fulton  who feels Anne may have had a mistrial and does not belong in prison. Anne\'s cellmates are Jenny  who seems to run the inmates, Melanee  who makes a play for Anne and Dorothy  a woman who has murdered her own husband and child when he ran away with another woman who is still alive. The unhinged Dorothy believes her child is still alive and every new girl in prison is her husband\'s lover, Lois. Jenny and Melanee team up in the "good cop/bad cop" routine to get Anne to tell them where the money is with Melanee telling Dorothy that Anne is really Lois. On the outside, Paul is using blackmail and threats on Anne\'s ex-criminal father Pop Carson  to find the money as well as offering to split it with him 50/50. Anne faces attempted murder by Dorothy, threats on her life from two other inmates seeking the money, and fights Melanee in a catfight that culminates in a mud puddle. When a large earthquake hits the area and demolishes the installation, Jenny (who has acquired a pistol from her outside contacts and the outwardly harmless trustee Grandma  and Melanee use the opportunity to escape with Anne to take her home to locate the money. The downed telephone and power lines give the three girls time to escape unpursued but Rev Fulton heads off Anne at her home, where Pop is still held at gunpoint by Paul. Since the film’s release in 1956, the theatrical movie poster, featuring a catfight between Helen Gilbert and Joan Taylor, has become a collector’s item. The poster shows the blonde haired Gilbert strangling the dark haired Taylor although that exact scene did not occur in the movie.Halperin, James L.   Heritage Vintage Movie Poster Signature Auction 2005 Catalog #624. Dallas: Heritage Capital Corporation, page 63.'] ["The film opens with a voyeur taking pictures of an unknown woman dressing up. He later sets her house on fire while she lies unconscious in the room. Celeste Timmerman is a woman with a successful career, an attractive boyfriend named Brent, and a good friend she can trust with all of her secrets. Lately, she has done nothing but fight with Brent, and she decides she wants to move out. Although Brent is reluctant about her moving out, Celeste buys a new apartment. Soon an unknown man begins to stalk her repeatedly by telephone. The caller says he can see her. Celeste asks her best friend Tasha for help, and Tasha suggests that Celeste block his phone calls. Meanwhile, Brent is mad over Celeste leaving and starts trying to reach her constantly. Celeste thinks he is the stalker, but Tasha tells her he couldn't be. What Celeste doesn't know is that Tasha is meeting Brent secretly, and is trying to seduce him. He is only interested in Celeste, however, and wants to protect her against the stalker. Celeste is unable to block the stalker's calls, and he becomes angry with her ignoring him. He warns her not to block his calls, not to call the police, and not to have a boyfriend. He threatens to punish her if she disobeys. Celeste ignores his warnings and contacts a detective. She also purchases a telescope to attempt to find the stalker herself. However, the stalker knows Celeste contacted the police, and calls to inform her that she will be punished. Later, returning home, Celeste finds that her curtains have been removed, and she has a voicemail message from the stalker saying that he could be anywhere in her house. Afraid, Celeste immediately leaves the apartment and contacts the police. However, her house boss later tells her that he took the curtains down because they weren't functioning correctly. One night, Celeste receives another phone call and tries to locate the stalker while he is talking. Believing she has found him, she contacts her house boss. He tells her that what is happening to her also happened to a woman named Justine Jamison, who vanished one day and was never heard from again. Celeste trusts her hotel guard, Derreck, with her suspicions about the stalker's identity, and he reluctantly sneaks her into her suspect's apartment. She finds out that a man named David Jacobson lives there. Later, two investigators, Detective Gillis and Detective Zamora, pay David a visit and find pictures secretly taken from Celeste. Although David swears he has never seen the pictures, he is taken to the police station. Celeste reunites with Brent, but she receives another threatening call from the stalker ordering her to get rid of Brent. The stalker says he will get rid of Brent if she doesn't. Celeste's fear returns as she realizes that David can't be the caller, because he is in jail. She tries to contact Justine Jamison, the previous stalking victim, but is unable to reach her. Returning home, Celeste realizes her pet bird is missing. Later, as she discovers that the stalker has put cameras in her house, Celeste is interrupted with a phone call from Justine. They meet and she tells Celeste that the stalker killed her fiancee. Not much later, the stalker also threatens to kill Brent. In addition, he sends a video message of Celeste's bird, threatening to kill and eat the pet. In the climactic scene, Derreck leads Celeste to the basement, telling her it is the stalker's hiding place. The stalker is then revealed to be Derreck. Brent, who has also come to the basement, gets into a fight with Derreck. Celeste intervenes just as Derreck is about to kill Brent by hitting the stalker in the head with a pole. The police arrest Derreck. Celeste and Brent are finally set free."] ["The film centers on Alice Cantwell and Maxine Carter. Maxine is the best-connected bond courier working in the Pacific Rim. Maxine is constantly on the move and is always traveling, and likes to keep it that way, ever since she watched her young child, Penny, die in a terrible car accident. Maxine's current delivery is Alice, the troubled and emotionally struggling daughter of one of China's richest businessmen. After a bitter and twisted custody battle, Alice is headed to Hawaii to live with her mother. But almost as soon as they land on US soil, Maxine senses things are not right. She soon figures out that Alice's father is in trouble with the Chinese government and his daughter may not be the only thing he is trying to smuggle into America. With danger around every corner, it's up to Max to deliver Alice safe and sound to her mother's home. The only problem is the longer Alice and Maxine spend together, the more Maxine starts to wonder what's worse, the bad guys after Alice or Alice's bad attitude towards life.Kimberly Nordyke  Pair set for 'Delivery' Hollywood Reporter Accessed 2008-01-26.'House' Actress Makes Lifetime 'Delivery' January 16, 2008 Zap2it.com. Accessed 2008-01-26."] ['The plot of Slayer concerns a group of US military soldiers led by Hawk , who are sent to South America, where they must fight vampires. However, one of the members of the squad, Grieves, is transformed into a vampire, forcing him to battle his former friend Hawk.'] ["Jennifer Morgan  is a young painter who has secluded herself from the social world since being raped two years earlier. At a family party she meets Chris Gallagher , who falls in love with her. She is reluctant to be intimate with him, but he convinces her to marry him, by which she hopes to let go of her tragic past. Shortly after the ceremony, Chris' 17-year-old cousin Dana  warns Jennifer that she will not be happy with him, but Jennifer sees no harm in it. Because Chris has recently joined the Navy, Jennifer agrees to move with him to the seaside, where she befriends Nancy Halloran . Shortly after, Gina Corbet , a neighbor, becomes the victim of a peeping tom and is later raped by a masked man. Most women of the neighborhood leave in panic, but Chris dismisses the danger and convinces Jennifer that they are overreacting. Meanwhile, Chris' dark side is starting to emerge and he becomes more violent and possessive. Jennifer finds out that Chris has been released from his Navy duty by threatening to kill himself if he had to go to sea. When she tells him about this, he responds aggressively, accusing her of being a spy. The same night, he is arrested for voyeurism. Chris pleads guilty to the charges, and agrees to a disposal from the Navy. Jennifer is devastated by this news, considering that she has recently found out that she is pregnant. Regardless, she gives him another chance, and upon moving back to their previous home, things take a turn for the better. However after a while, Chris' temper returns and women in the neighborhood are again being tortured by a masked rapist. Following the birth of Jennifer's daughter, Dana tells Jennifer that she was molested by Chris as a child. Jennifer starts to suspect his involvement in the string of rapes. After talking to a Detective from California, who tells her that he had all the evidence but could not do anything because Chris was under the protection of a district attorney friend , Jennifer decides that it is time to leave her husband. Chris, however, is unwilling to let her go, and he turns to domestic violence. Jennifer is rescued by two police officers, and afterwards presses charges against her husband. She drops them only a few days later, when Chris convinces her that he will not be convicted and threatens to harm her and their baby if she runs away. While posing as his loving wife, she tries to collect evidence against him. She finds his weapons in his car, but by the time the police arrive, they have disappeared. After this occurrence, Chris' threats increase. One night, she follows him when he suddenly leaves at a late hour. She catches him putting on his rape clothes and warns the police. Chris tries to get away, but is eventually arrested. In the epilogue titles, it is revealed that Chris pleaded guilty to four counts of aggravated sexual assault and one count of sexual attempted assault. He was sentenced to a term of 99 years."] ['The film begins with Bobby finding a winning lottery ticket, that Mike  insists must be returned to its rightful owner. Mike invites people over to his house to determine the rightful owner by posting an add in the newspaper stating "lost & found winning lottery ticket for 67 million dollars." Naturally many people showed up but the original owner had written something on the back of the ticket giving Mr. Brady a way to tell who was telling the truth. With no one being able to come up with the phrase written, Mr. Brady starts to think of another way, and just as he says he doesn\'t know what to do, a local female news caster walks in, and Mr. Brady sees it as a way to reach more people. Multiple cut scenes ensue showing stations talking about the Bradys trying to find the original owner, while also showing a broadcast talking about the vice president resigning to work for the company Fox, where he\'ll make six times the amount he was making, in the background it shows the actual owner walking to his death by execution -this is implied by the man being in chains, escorted by law enforcement dressed people, and a clergy man speaking to him, while the man shouts, "Wait, I\'m the real owner, I\'m rich, take your hands off me." With not being able to find the original owner Mr. Brady donates the money to "homeless architects and their families", which garners the attention of the president. The president then invites him to a press conference where the president is asked about his dealings with an oil drilling company abusing the environment, the president responds by saying he has never heard of the company, has not dealt with them, nor has he been to the site, where he then states, "This is the truth or I shall resign my presidency." The press then goes on to ask if he has picked a new running mate for the upcoming election, and with the light of ongoing scandals can he find an honest man of high integrity. Carol, Mike Brady\'s wife, shouts out why not Mike, where then the press shouts, "Yeah, why not Mike," and the president says, "Why not Mike Brady." It then cuts to a news station stating that the incumbent president and Mike Brady have won the election -with Mike Brady the vice president- due to boy scouts, disco music lovers, and polyester enthusiasts. The next scene in which the incumbent president and Mike are to be sworn in, a confidential document folder is passed to the incumbent president. The folder contains a picture of the incumbent president at the drilling site, with -what is inferred- the oil company\'s top executives, the president remembering his promise then walks out before being sworn in, thereby making Mike Brady president. Mike Brady then needs to select a new vice president, which he decides it should be his wife. He goes before congress asking for a vote, where the speaker of the house says, "You cannot just call for a vote, the vice president has very real responsibilities and cannot vote unless he sees something to prove she can do it." Carol then breaks out in song along with the rest of the family, convincing congress to vote for her. As Mike Brady is walking to the oval office different departments come to him with negative scores asking for more money or negligible increases asking for money, with which he replies, "Not good enough" including when his youngest daughter asks for him to sign her report card, although approving the congress\'s new budget plan. Veronica, the liaison to the American public pulls the speaker of the house into a separate room, saying, "Can you believe him, he just approved your budget, he\'s not taking any credit, and he\'s of to much integrity, how did he get to the highest office, you should be president." A side plot is Peter breaking a priceless Ming vase, and trying to get out of it by gluing it back together. Peter really wants to go to a camp, but feels if he tells the truth he won\'t be able to go. The vase is used during a diner party with dignitaries across the world, but ends up leaking all over them. Peter\'s siblings come up with the plan of all of them confessing, hoping to fool/confuse Mike Brady into not knowing who actually broke it. Mike thinking about it logically though realized Peter was the only one not to confess thereby showing his own guilt. Mike coming up with the consequence of punishing the other children forcing Peter into a guilt trip to confess his own guilt, ultimately succeeding. Veronica, Greg\'s crush is later to be found as an agent of an elitist organization who\'s mission is seizing power for herself and the speaker of the house. They both devise a plan to ruin the presidents image, and therefore presidency The first plan consisting of Veronica seducing Greg into divulging crude or malevolent information, on Mike or the family, fails, but the youngest daughter does give information regarding a questionable relationship between Mike Brady and a woman from his past; Carol is accused of rebellious behavior from protesting to keep a park; Marcia is accused of being promiscuous because of a fictional erotic encounter with Desi Arnaz Jr. written in her diary; Greg accused of under age smoking because of a cigaret container found in his coat, he had switched with another boy; Peter accused of bribery for getting a better grade after calling his teacher great; Jan accused of cheating for getting a better grade on an essay than she was supposed to; and Alice accused of drugging the food so the Bradys stay happy all the time. Although this plan garners significant news coverage its is by no means to impeach a president, in which they devise a second plan in order to seize power. The second plan is to trick the president into addressing the public that a world ending asteroid is about to hit earth. They succeed by switching a report from NASA regarding data from the Trailblazer 1 space probe -a fictional space probe- with Peter\'s science project about the asteroid that hit earth causing the largest scale extinction on earth. This plan also succeeds and Mike address the public telling them he received a report from NASA that confirms a massive meteor is on an intersect course and will cause global devastation. The Bradys are then transported to a secret bunker underneath the White House that will protect them from the ensuing danger. The Speaker of the House then seizes the opportunity by to take power by calling an official press conference as acting president and saying, "There is no danger, or emergency. The president is incompetent, and couldn\'t tell the difference between a high school science project, and a sophisticated aeronautical diagram." Then asks the public to ask for an impeachment of the president. Meanwhile the Bradys find out from the Cindy -the youngest daughter- that she overheard the Speaker of the House and Veronica taking about their plan while underneath a table in the room Veronica pulled the Speaker of the House into. Mike realizes what happened and breaks out of the vault just as the Speaker of the House is encouraging the public to call for vote. Mike then asks Cindy to tell the press what she heard the Speaker of the House say, to which she somehow tells the story of her seeing the Speaker of the House switching the homework and the report. Mike then address the public saying they deserve to know the truth, and goes on to start telling the story of the lottery ticket and how he got to be president.'] ['The plot follows the coronial investigation into the accident which killed 83 people as a commuter train left the rails and hit a row of overhead road bridge supports constructed from concrete and steel. With its supports demolished, the bridge and several cars on top of it crashed down onto carriages three and four, crushing them and the passengers inside.'] ["Bill Grant is a successful television producer working on the soap opera A Life Worth Living. He is a recently divorced man who does not see his sons very often. Unbeknownst to him, he constantly crosses paths with Adrian Towers, a career woman working as a writer for the news. She is married to Steven, a man who had an abusive childhood and therefore has no desire of having children. When she announces that she is pregnant, he forces her to have an abortion. She reluctantly agrees with him, but is unable to go forward with the termination. When Steven finds out, he leaves her, and threatens to file for divorce if she decides to keep the baby. Adrian has trouble accepting that Steven leaves her and refuses to talk about it to anyone. She soon becomes acquainted with Bill. Although she likes him a lot, she is still very upset over the divorce, which will be finalized only two weeks before she goes into delivery. She accompanies Bill on a camping trip with his two sons and soon notices how much she likes kids. Although she fails to tell him about her pregnancy, they get to know each other even more. He tells her that he once was afraid to become a father, but that it changed when he first held his sons. After admitting to her that he probably never could marry again, he tries to kiss her, but she rejects him, claiming it is too soon for her. The next morning, Tommy, one of Bill's sons, is almost hit by a car. Adrian tries to save him and pushes him away, only to be hit herself. She is injured and hospitalized, and risks to suffer a miscarriage. Bill soon learns about her pregnancy and she immediately informs him about everything concerning what has happened. He is scared by this news, but continues to support her. However, he admits that he is afraid he will fall in love with her and that she will return to Steven. Later, her lawyer informs her that Steven has no desire of ever seeing his baby and wants her to sign a contract, in which he promises to support her financially, on condition that he won't be responsible for the baby. Adrian refuses to sign it, claiming that he has to see his baby before making that decision. Crushed, she finds comfort with Bill and they end up becoming a romantic couple. A few months pass by. Adrian notices Steven in a restaurant and decides to confront him, but he refuses to speak to her. Bill advices her to accept that there is no future with Steven. The next day, she is hospitalized for having contractions too early. A short time later, she decides to give in to the divorce and is proposed to by Bill. She accepts his proposal, but makes it clear that she is still not over her marriage with Steven. On Christmas Eve, Adrian gives birth to a boy, who she names Sam. Steven agrees to see him and admits that he wants to renew their relationship for their child's sake. Adrian, however, rejects him. Bill, having seen Steven with her, keeps his distance. They are reunited and married in the end, when Adrian assures him that he is the only one for her."] ['While Dori Thorell  and her 9-year-old son, Danny , eat breakfast, Sam Thorell  calls from his business trip. Ballerina Diane Agostini  is on the phone with her father when a blender shakes off the counter. Dismissing it, she ends the call and rushes off to a rehearsal session at the New York City Ballet. Public defender Evie Lincoln  talks with her client Joshua Bingham  about his case. That evening, tremors cause a gas leak at Diane\'s apartment complex. Though the electricity is still on in the evacuated building, Fire Chief Thomas Ahearn  sends his crew inside. The building explodes, killing several men. At a party at Gracie Mansion, Evie\'s grandmother Emily Lincoln  chastises her for being late. Her father, Mayor Bruce Lincoln , coerces her into going to a job interview at a big law firm. The next day, Ahearn drops his daughter, Christine, off at high school. She expresses annoyance at his quitting to get "revenge" against the "stupid" mayor over budgeting issues. At the courthouse, Joshua is found not guilty of murdering his invalid wife. Diane meets her father for lunch to get money. When she leaves, she catches a cab driven by recent Russian immigrant Nikolai Karvoski . An earthquake hits the city, toppling many buildings and structures. Nikolai\'s cab is smashed by falling debris, forcing Nikolai and Diane to flee down the street. A gas main explodes as the sidewalk pushes up between them. Diane saves his life after he falls and catches on fire. In the subway tunnel, the train Evie and Joshua are riding derails after the tunnel collapses. After the earthquake stops, Diane, accompanied by Nikolai, goes back to the restaurant and finds her father fatally injured. He dies after telling her he is proud of her. In the subway, Joshua wants to leave the badly injured driver and any other survivors to get out, but before he can convince Evie and the others to leave they hear someone calling for help. Chief Ahearn returns to his fire station to find the building partially collapsed. With the central dispatch system down, he contacts Jillian Parnell , a reporter for WCBS-TV, who is flying over the city, to get an update on the situation. Both 1 Police Plaza and City Hall have collapsed, and he asks them to come pick him up. At the church, an injured Emily wakes up to find a teenage boy  that she helped get a job there is searching her wallet, but moves to try to find a way out after seeing she is still alive. Despite her protests, Nikolai initially remains with Diane as she tries to find her mother, but they eventually part ways. Ahearn sees that his daughter\'s school has collapsed, but continues on to Central Park where a temporary camp is being set up. He finds the Mayor and they agree to ignore Ahearn\'s resignation and put aside their differences to help the citizens of their city. A large break in the sewer is causing hundreds of gallons of water to begin flooding into the subway system. Ahearn goes to his daughter\'s school after learning there are survivors. Christine is among the three survivors, but she dies during an aftershock before they can free her. At the church, Emily learns that the boy has no name, just a street name. She asks him to take the name of her late son, Clayton, who died as a baby. Shortly after, he is able to escape through a break in the ceiling and get help. Dori arrives at Danny\'s school where she learns he is stuck on the top floor and rescue efforts are failing. Sam arrives as Dori prepares to scale the building to save their son. Diane finds looters in her mother\'s apartment, but Nikolai arrives and finds a note saying her mother is at a friends. The mayor arrives at the hospital where he learns his mother is dead. He thanks Clayton for trying to help her and asks Ahearn to try to help the boy, who is despondent over not being able to save her. In the subway, Joshua, Evie, and one other survivor, Allen , break from the others and find a ladder out. Joshua climbs up, followed by Evie. As Allen is climbing, Joshua breaks the ladder. He confirms Evie\'s growing suspicions that he did kill his wife and attacks her. When he hears someone coming, he tries to escape up another ladder but an aftershock breaks it and he is killed. Evie points her rescuers to where the other survivors are waiting. Dori successfully climbs the school, where Danny has to jump into her arms. The cable breaks, but they land safely on an inflated mat below and are reunited with Sam. At the end of the film, the city is shown still being rebuilt a year later. Mayor Lincoln and Ahearn are now close friends; Dori and Sam are shown teaching Danny how to rock-climb; and Diane is a prima ballerina and married to Nikolai.'] ["The film stars Helen Mirren as the philosopher and novelist Ayn Rand, who engages in an affair with a psychologist 25 years her junior by the name of Nathaniel Branden, played by Eric Stoltz. Branden built up an institute to spread Rand's ideas, but the two eventually had a falling out. The film also stars Julie Delpy as Branden's wife, Barbara, and Peter Fonda as Rand's husband Frank O'Connor."] ['The movie circuits around flashbacks of Lansky\'s life, the first showing is as Lansky as an old man looking for a rock to put on his grandfather\'s grave in Jerusalem. Upon seeing soldiers of the Israeli Defense Force, Lansky expresses regret that his Grandfather never lived to see them. As he walks through a tunnel, he catches sight of an old man. He recalls how at the age of 10 years old, he witnessed an elderly Jew being bludgeoned to death with an axe during a pogrom. Later, as the shtetl is burning down, his parents hastily pack up their valuables and prepare to flee to America. Lansky\'s Grandfather watches sceptically. Meanwhile, his father suggests, "You think I should fight? You stay, and you fight." The film then changes to the Lower East Side, Manhattan. After his mother gives him money to go buy challah for Shabbat, Lansky comes upon a game of craps on the street corner. Later, Lansky returns home penniless and deeply ashamed. Later, Benjamin Siegel and Lansky are eyeing the Irish-American boy who operates the craps game, Lansky makes his bet as he\'s throwing the dice the owner\'s friend slides him some dice. Certain that the game is rigged, Lansky shouts that he won the bet. The Irish boy pushes at the young Lansky, Lansky pushes him back then the teenager\'s friend slides out his knife and cuts Lansky\'s arm, Benjamin Seigel come into the scene and hits the knife kid with a brick shouting at him telling him to give him the money. As Lansky and Benjamin are walking down the docks they see the Irish kid who bet against them in the alley the Irish kid is shouting Irish word about him being Jewish, Lansky jumps into the sea where the Irish kid is hanging about, Lansky then goes under water and slits the Irish kid\'s neck. As the blood is sliding around the water is goes back to Lansky as an old man drinking wine with the Jewish man. The Jewish man goes of to pray in the synagogue. The film goes on showing Lansky owning the crap games as a kid Lansky goes of into an alley to count his money this is where he meets Charles Lucky Luciano when Charles was telling him to give protection money the gang start to give Lansky a beating. Lansky is saying "Nothing For Nothing" Luciano takes a liking to Lansky\'s guts, they the work together selling illegal booze, Bugsy, Luciano and Lansky are making their way driving the truck with booze in. They are ambushed by Arnold Rothstein\'s associates. Luciano and Lansky make a deal saying they will give them 1 truck full of booze and no one will be shot at, when Lansky, Bugsy and Luciano get into the truck we find out the truck was full of empty suitcases. Impressed, Rothstein invites them to his house for a sit-down. He offers Bugsy and Lansky a job to work for him as he knows Lansky is smart. After Rothstein is taken out Meyer and Bugsy work with Luciano to take over the crime world killing the Italian bosses Joe Masseria and Salvatore Maranzano. Luciano then sets up the Commission and the 5 Italian families can now work freely with Jews. Meyer builds his prestige by running all the casinos in Cuba and helping Bugsy get a start in Las Vegas. After Bugsy spends more money than the plan and his girlfriend is questioned in taking money, Meyer buys his childhood friend time to turn the venture around. A month after warning Siegel the Flamingo is not earning money and Lansky can no longer prevent the Commission from taking out Siegel. Years later Lansky is on the run in Israel to avoid tax evasion charges but is extradited back to the U.S. He is lucky to get off on the charges and retires to Miami. At the climax of the film, Lansky gives an interview to a French journalist. When the journalist asks him what he would do if he could live his life over, Lansky responds, "I wouldn\'t change a thing."'] ['Magnus Dens  lies asleep on a Bermuda beach, his hat shading his eyes from the sun. He is approached by a beautiful but mysterious woman , who kneels next to him and notices the coral necklace he is wearing. Removing his hat, she seems to recognize him, and gently caresses his face. Magnus dreams of his childhood, playing on the same beach. He finds a turtle egg in the sand, and calls to his friend Jennie to have a look. As they watch, the egg hatches. A few years later, Magnus and Jennie play with the rather large turtle. Magnus takes a shell and carves "J+M" inside a heart on the turtle\'s shell, while Jennie finishes making a coral necklace, which she places around Magnus\'s neck. Later, the young Magnus lies alone on the beach. He spots Jennie riding the turtle through the waves, heading out to sea. He calls to her, but she doesn\'t hear him as she and the turtle disappear beneath the water. That night, in his house on a cliff side overlooking the beach, Magnus\'s father, Lionel, checks on him in bed as a terrible storm rages and strange calls can be heard from the ocean. Something unseen approaches the house as Lionel descends into a cave beneath the house to continue an experiment in marine biology. The storm intensifies, blowing shingles off the roof and destroying part of the house. Lionel attempts to flee the unseen horror stalking him, but is knocked into the water. Magnus is pinned under the collapsing roof in his bedroom. Magnus awakens from his nightmare and groggily gathers his things. He sees a woman swimming in the ocean and looks at the remnants of his childhood home before he leaves to go into town. At the docks, Magnus spots his childhood friend Eric . Eric helps him on board a ship and asks where he\'s been. Magnus admits he\'s been drifting for a few years. Eric takes the boat out to sea and gets Magnus to help him lay a heavy deep-sea trawling net. Eric introduces Magnus to Dr. Paulus , whom Eric is working for to finish his degree in marine biology. Suddenly the boat lists violently to one side. They pull up the net to find it has been shredded by something very large and strong. That evening, the three men are joined by Eric\'s wife Doshan  for dinner at Dr. Paulus\' house. He explains he and Eric are studying teratology, the study of unusual growth in animals. Dr. Paulus calls out to Delia  to hurry up with dinner. Magnus is intrigued by the necklace she wears, which resembles his own. After dinner, Paulus expresses his admiration for Magnus\' father, whom he worked with, studying the Bermuda Triangle. Magnus tries to ask about the night his father died, but Paulus drifts off to sleep at the table. Stepping outside, Magnus again sees the mysterious woman swimming by the boat. He jumps in the water to follow her, but is quickly overcome underwater. He is saved and revived on the beach by the woman, whom he doesn\'t recognize. She returns to the ocean, telling him her name - Jennie Haniver. Describing the incident to Paulus provokes amusement. He explains to Magnus that a "Jennie Haniver" is a local icon, made of cured and dried sea life, "sold to the gullible and superstitious for centuries." Angered, Magnus steps outside, where Delia tells him of the legend of Jennie Haniver. Appearing sometimes as a young girl and sometimes as a grown woman, Jennie only appears to men about to drown. Two centuries ago, she was returning to the mainland when her ship was caught in a storm. Fearing for her life, Jennie prayed for salvation to "the one below", the devil that resides in the Bermuda Triangle. Pleading that she was too young and beautiful to die, she asked that the rest of the crew be allowed to drown if she could be saved. A voice in her head told her to dive into the sea and she would be preserved. Magnus becomes upset at what he describes as a stupid ghost story and runs off. The next morning, the police bring in Eric to examine enormous tracks on the beach. He measures them as being forty feet across. Magnus goes down to the beach and meets Jennie. Finally remembering her as his young playmate, he takes her to his father\'s wrecked house. He tells her some of his memories from childhood, while she describes the quadrilles her father would hold in their great hall. Eric calls Magnus away, despite Jennie\'s requests for him to stay with her. They go out on the boat with Dr. Paulus and discuss the prints on the beach and Paulus\' belief they were caused by a giant turtle. Again, the boat lurches uncontrollably. Eric is forced to cut the cable to the trawling net before the boat capsizes. In the evening, Magnus confronts Dr. Paulus about his father\'s death. Paulus explains Lionel was conducting tests regarding mutation in sea life when he was attacked and apparently eaten. Magnus asks him if he remembers the turtle from his childhood, and describes how he carved initials in the shell, for himself and Jennie. Paulus is dismayed. Magnus awakens to Eric and Dr. Paulus arguing over pursuing the giant turtle. Eric wants to use the Hora, a harpoon-firing bazooka. Paulus is aghast at the idea and withdraws his support for the expedition. Despite this, Eric collects Magnus and heads out in the boat. After some trawling, they again find something dragging on the line. Taking a small harpoon gun, Eric dives to try to save the net. He shoots at a form he could see only vaguely, which turns out to be Jennie. Eric and Magnus resume trawling. Magnus tells Eric he had been with Jennie the night before on the beach, and how she was his friend from when he was young. Eric doesn\'t remember her, and dismisses her as an imaginary friend. The trawl lines finally catch the turtle, which is so large it begins to tear through the net. Eric blasts it with the Hora, and allows it to run out the line, waiting for it to resurface. After sundown, the boat\'s power mysteriously gives out, and the compass spins crazily. Magnus leaves the boat\'s cabin and finds Jennie has boarded the ship. She begs him to free the turtle, nebulously saying she made a promise long ago she\'ll forever regret. They embrace, Magnus not noticing the gaping wound in her side from Eric\'s harpoon. At Doshan\'s insistence, Dr. Paulus boards a helicopter to fly out to the boat. Upon arriving, he observes a huge shape underwater near the boat. The turtle surfaces, swimming quickly towards the helicopter, then leaping out of the water, sending the helicopter crashing into the ocean. Eric sees the crash and rushes out onto the deck, to be confronted by Jennie. To his horror, her eyes glow an eerie green, just as the turtle surfaces under the boat, capsizing it. Magnus climbs aboard the lifeboat amidst the wreckage and desperately tries to help Eric on board, but he is entangled in the line from the Hora. The turtle surfaces, its eyes glowing exactly like Jennie\'s, before it dives down into the depths, dragging Eric helplessly behind. Magnus manages to steer the lifeboat to shore, but does not make it far along the beach before he collapses unconscious. Jennie approaches him, kissing him sadly before she returns to the ocean for the last time. Doshan approaches Magnus in the graveyard where his parents are buried and expresses her horror at the losses of her husband and Dr. Paulus. Magnus tells her he is leaving Bermuda and wants nothing to do with the sea ever again. As he walks away, he does not notice the statue of Jennie on her gravestone, inscribed, "Jennie Haniver, 1701-, Lost at Sea". On the ferry leaving Bermuda, Magnus removes the necklace Jennie had given him and sadly throws it into the sea. It sinks past the giant turtle, which is shown as still having the initials Magnus inscribed in its shell so many years ago.From Here to Obscurity: Bermuda Depths'] ["Network television executive Gavin  hopes to reunite celebrated Hollywood stars Piper Grayson , Kate Westbourne , and Addie Holden  in a TV special after their 1960s movie musical Boy Crazy is re-released to wide public acclaim in the 1990s. Though the three women share the same agent, Beryl Mason , Gavin's seemingly insurmountable obstacle is that they all cannot stand each other."] ["Aly Michalka and AJ Michalka star as Taylor and Courtney Callum, two thoroughly spoiled yet well-intentioned sisters whose widower father, Reed Callum ([[Jack Coleman , owns Callum Dairy. Taylor has just gotten her license, after almost failing it at the beginning of the movie. But then their lives turn upside down. One day they leave the house to depart for a shopping trip, but leave a towel on the stove, starting a house fire. Shocked by their carelessness, and deciding the girls should start making their own cash, Reed puts them to work at the dairy to show them responsibility about running a business. Their dad goes out of town, looking for a rare butterfly to add to his collection. This leaves the girls to look after the dairy. When the girls start working at the dairy, they are at their worst nightmare. They mess up almost every step of the way, such as tripping and splashing blueberries on themselves, and then dropping Courtney's cell phone into one of the full yogurt cups. All the employees think they are stuck-up and don't believe that they can do their job. Soon after they start working there and doing their jobs better, someone steals all the money out of the businesses' bank account. It is then up to the girls to come up with a plan to save the dairy, and the jobs of those who are working, but no one believes in them. Taylor has changed her nature and asks Courtney if she can use her party money to pay for the employees' paychecks, or else they will leave Callum Dairy. Taylor and Courtney are at a meeting with the othe employes when Taylor tricks Courtney into leaving to get her cell phone, she says that she will get the money, but still no one believes her. Without consulting Courtney, Taylor uses her party money for the employees, thus causing a very big fight between the two of them. Courtney ignores Taylor in every possible way. They have a fight at work when Courtney is putting in the numbers for the expiry dates. Even though they have the money to pay the employers' paychecks, money still goes missing, but they have worst problems. Their milk is going bad. Just when things are about to go sour , Reed comes back along with volunteers as they managed to pull through the evening."] ["The film follows Quentin Crisp’s move in the late 1970s from London to New York, where he was embraced by celebrities and artists.<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/article/VR1117990954.html?categoryid1|authorCynthia Nixon joins 'Englishman'|work22 August 2008|accessdate http://web.archive.org/web/20080917074849/http://www.variety.com/article/VR1117990954.html?categoryid1| archivedate no}}"] ['{{essay-like}} The movie begins in 1987, where Dr. Ben Carson  goes to Germany to visit a couple named Peter and Augusta Rausch, who have twins conjoined at the head. Ben knows that chances of saving them both will be at risk, because one baby always dies in situations like that. Ben agrees to do the operation, but he will wait four months so he can come up with a plan to save them both. While looking into some of his books, the movie flashes back to the year 1961, where 11 year old Ben Carson  starts out life as an African American child from a one-parent home with failing grades at school. Ben has an older brother named Curtis. His mother, who dropped out in the third grade, starts making decisions for him. When her boys need to learn multiplication tables, she has them swear to learn them while she is gone to check herself into a mental institution. When she sees her two sons\' success hindered by TV, she schedules timings to watch TV, boys show great interest in watching only a quiz show later on and commands them to read two books per week from the library and give her a book report, she also moves them to better schools. Meanwhile as time passes, Ben learns how to multiply and to spell. He starts to explore the world of books, and he grows in it. He begins to show a temper; Ben almost kills his friend who tells him to go to hell. He used his new knife to stab him and it broke when it hit the buckle of his belt. Having almost killed someone because of his temper, he realizes that he can\'t do anything about it. He runs to his room and cries out to God, praying that He delivers him from his temper. He becomes the top student in his eighth grade class, third in his high school class and with hard work and strong determination, he got a scholarship to college, passed the MCAT and went on to medical school. He meets his girlfriend Candy, whom he falls in love with. One day, when he struggles with a test study, she helps him out and Ben eventually passes and gets an A. In the year 1976, Carson faced adversity from fellow doctors and students while working at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland. It is here where he performed an operation as a resident without supervision, risking his medical career to save a man\'s life. Then in the year of 1985, he saves the life of a girl who has seizures 100 times a day, by removing only half of her brain that was responsible for seizures, procedure called \'hemispherectomy". After two children, Candy becomes pregnant with twins, but loses the babies from a bloody miscarriage. Ben\'s mother later moves in with the family. Then the movie goes back to where it began: the year of 1987. Ben is eventually convinced to operate on the two twins, and he manages to make the operation successful, and both twins are saved.'] ['Hazzard in Hollywood follows up on the first reunion movie, The Dukes of Hazzard: Reunion! and begins with Bo and Luke Duke partaking in the Hazzard County festival which features actual country music star Toby Keith as himself. When an old enemy of the deceased J.D. Hogg, Ezra Bushmaster, arrives in Hazzard, he donates a significant amount of money to the hospital fund, on the condition that the people of Hazzard are able to raise the rest by a certain amount of time. A music promoter on vacation in Hazzard says he\'ll buy the master tapes of the performances of music stars who performed in Hazzard. So the Dukes decide to travel to Hollywood to sell some country music recordings to raise the rest of the money. They are joined by Rosco P. Coltrane in his RV accompanied by a fake basset hound named Einstein, Cooter Davenport & Cletus Hogg in a truck carrying Daisy\'s Motorcycle. On the way there they were shot at by a one eyed hitman, who was hired by Ezra as it was later discovered to stop the Dukes. Once they get to Hollywood, they set up a camp in Hollywood Hills, Enos Strate joins them but informs them they need permits to camp next to the Hollywood Sign. Later, a couple of hitmen steal the RV. In an attempt to recover the RV and the music that was inside it, Bo and Luke save a Mexican from a group of gang members. Soon, the boy\'s older brother arrives with friends in a lowrider convertible. They thank Bo and Luke and, after seeing what they can do with The General Lee and a ramp, invite them to a block party where Bo falls in love with a cousin of Cipriano . The next morning, they get information that the RV is at a chop shop. By the time they get there, the RV has been chopped for parts. But the music recordings were not inside, so they continue looking when The General Lee\'s transmission goes out. They are confronted by a black woman who threatens to take their car which she thinks has a racing engine she wants, which they don\'t have. After being confronted by rattlesnakes on The General Lees seat, she asks them, "You boys aren\'t from New Jersey, are you?" It is revealed that the two hitmen that stole the RV went to her, and she threatened them the same way, and they told her that the boys had the racing engine she was looking for. She fixes The General Lee in exchange for the recipe to Uncle Jesse\'s old barbecue sauce. In the meantime, Daisy gets work as a stuntwoman and Rosco meets up with an unfriendly loan shark and the music promoter was a big old fraud that had tangled with Enos in the past as has the loan shark. The boys eventually retrieve the music, and discover that Ezra Bushmaster, the man who donated the money for the hospital was the same man behind the theft all along.'] ["Linda Blair (fresh off her success with [[The Exorcist  stars as a 14-year-old runaway who, after getting arrested one too many times, is sentenced to do time in a girls juvenile detention center, which doubles as a reform school for the girls. Blair's character, Christine Parker, comes from an abusive home. Her father  beat her on a regular basis, which caused Chris to run away many times. Her mother  is just as troubled as Chris is; unfeeling, sitting in her recliner, watching television and smoking cigarettes all day, and in denial to what her husband is doing. While the movie had a morality play tone, calling attention to the harsh conditions of juvenile detention centers, it also blamed society for Christine's downfall. All through the movie, Chris' social worker never realizes that her parents caused her to run away and the juvenile justice system focused all the blame and punishment on Christine for her bad behavior. With the exception of one dedicated counselor , the reform school personnel were mostly apathetic and allowed an unhealthy, destructive culture to fester in the school. By the very end of the movie, despite the counselor's best efforts to help Christine talk about her problems, she watched helplessly as an innocent, decent girl is transformed into a violent, pathological, manipulaive and cold person with no longer having any guilt or remorse for her actions."] ["A stranger's call informs Roberta  that her estranged brother Frank has died in a small town under bizarre circumstances. Ben, his best friend from college, also gets the call. Arriving just in time for his funeral, it becomes quickly obvious to them that the little slice of small-town America in which they find themselves is like an episode of The Twilight Zone featuring Frank's eccentric friends, his amazing secrets and his stunning final request. Both Ben and Roberta are shocked to discover that Frank not only had a child, but that he has left them responsible for his son's care. Through a series of comic events, each tries to foist off responsibility on the other."] 