["The story tells of Kenneth Holden  a crooked investment businessman who embezzles a large sum of money from an estate. He hopes to cover his crime by marrying the estate's heiress Claire Worthington . However, Worthington is already engaged, so Holden arranges for her fiancee to be killed. The hired hit man's only means of identifying the victim is the picture in the society columns. But Claire Worthington changes her mind and agrees to marry Holden. This means that it's his picture that will appear in the newspaper, thereby condemning him to death. Desperately trying to contact the hit man, Holden discovers that the man is dead...but his successor is still at large."] ['A United States Air Force re-supply crew is dispatched by General Fogerty from Anchorage, Alaska at the request of Dr. Carrington, the chief scientist working at a North Pole base. They have evidence that an unknown flying craft crashed nearby. Reporter Ned Scott tags along on the trip. Dr. Carrington briefs the airmen, and Dr. Redding shows photos of a heavy object moving erratically before crashing; not the movements of a meteor. Following Geiger counter readings, the crew and scientists fly to the crash site aboard the supply team\'s C-47. The mysterious craft lays buried beneath refrozen ice, with just the tip of a rounded airfoil protruding from the surface. As they outline the craft\'s shape, they realize they are standing in a circle; they have discovered a crashed flying saucer. They try unearthing it with thermite heat bombs, but ignite the ship\'s metal alloy, causing an explosion that destroys the saucer. Sergeant Bob\'s Geiger counter points to a frozen body buried nearby. They excavate a block of ice around the tall body and fly it to the research outpost as a storm moves into their region, cutting off their communications with Anchorage. Some of the scientists want to thaw out the body, but Captain Hendry issues orders for everyone to wait until he receives instructions from the Air Force. Corporal Barnes covers the ice block with a blanket, not realizing it is a warm electric blanket; as the ice melts the creature revives, and finally escapes into the sub-zero cold of the raging storm. The creature is attacked by sled dogs and the scientists recover a severed arm. As the arm warms up, it ingests some of the dead dogs\' blood covering it, and the hand begins moving. Seed pods are discovered in its palm, demonstrating that the creature is a form of plant life. Carrington is convinced that the creature can be reasoned with and has much to teach them, but Dr. Chapman and the others disagree; the Air Force personnel believe the alien may be dangerous. Carrington deduces their visitor requires blood to survive and reproduce. He later discovers the body of a dead sled dog in the base\'s greenhouse; the alien has forced the lock on the greenhouse\'s door and bent it back in shape. Carrington has Dr. Voorhees, Dr. Olsen and Dr. Auerbach, stand guard overnight, waiting for it to return. Carrington secretly uses blood plasma from the infirmary to incubate seedlings grown from the alien pods. In the greenhouse, the strung-up bodies of Olsen and Auerbach are discovered, drained of blood. Dr. Stern is almost killed by the creature but escapes. Nikki Nicholson, Carrington\'s secretary, reluctantly updates Hendry when he asks about missing plasma and confronts Carrington in his lab, where he discovers the seeds have grown at an alarming rate. Dr. Wilson advises Carrington that he has not slept, but Carrington remains unconcerned. Hendry then rushes to the greenhouse after hearing what happened there: the alien visitor is behind the door as Hendry opens it, and he immediately slams the door on the creature\'s regrown arm as it tries to grab him; as the alien pulls its arm back through, its barbed knuckles rip the door\'s trim to splinters. The alien escapes through the greenhouse\'s exterior door and breaks into another building in the compound. Following Nicholson\'s suggestion, Hendry and his men set a trap in a nearby room: they set the creature ablaze using a flare gun and buckets of kerosene, forcing it to jump through a window into the storm. Nicholson notices that the temperature inside the station is falling; a heating fuel line has been sabotaged by the alien. The cold forces everyone to make a final stand near the generator room. They rig an electrical "fly trap", hoping to electrocute the creature. As it advances, Carrington tries to save it by shutting off the power and reasoning with it; the alien throws him aside and continues advancing. An airman throws a pick axe at the creature, forcing it to step on their electrical grid; a switch is thrown and the alien is reduced to ash. Hendry orders all traces of the alien visitor destroyed. When the weather clears, Scotty files his "story of a lifetime" by radio to a roomful of reporters in Anchorage. During his report, Scotty broadcasts a warning to the reporters: "Tell the world. Tell this to everyone, wherever they are. Watch the skies everywhere. Keep looking. Keep watching the skies."'] ['An extraterrestrial flying saucer is tracked flying around the Earth until it lands on the President\'s Park Ellipse in Washington, D.C.. Klaatu  emerges, announcing that he has come from outer space on a goodwill mission. When he takes out and opens a small device, Klaatu is shot and wounded by a nervous soldier. In response, Gort, a large humanoid robot, emerges from the ship and begins disintegrating the weapons present with a ray coming from a visor-like structure on its head. Gort continues until Klaatu orders him to stop. Klaatu explains that the now destroyed object was a viewing device, a gift for the President. Klaatu is taken to an army hospital, where he is found to be physically human, but stuns the doctors with the quickness of his healing. Meanwhile the military attempts to enter Klaatu\'s ship, finding it impregnable. Gort stands by, mute and unmoving. Klaatu reveals to the President\'s secretary, Harley , that he bears a message so momentous and urgent that it must be revealed to all the world\'s leaders simultaneously. Harley tells him that it would be impossible to get all of the world leaders to agree to meet. Klaatu wants to get to know the ordinary people. Harley forbids it and leaves Klaatu locked up under guard. Klaatu escapes and lodges at a boarding house, assuming the alias "Mr. Carpenter," the name he finds on the cleaners tag on the suit he "borrowed." Among the residents are Helen Benson , a World War II widow, and her son Bobby ([[Billy Gray . At breakfast the next morning, during alarming radio reports, Klaatu takes in his fellow boarders\' suspicions and speculations about the alien visit. While Helen and her boyfriend Tom Stephens  go on a day trip, Klaatu babysits Bobby. The boy takes Klaatu on a tour of the city, including a visit to his father\'s grave in Arlington National Cemetery, where Klaatu is dismayed to learn that most of those buried there were killed in wars. The two visit the heavily guarded spaceship and the Lincoln Memorial. Klaatu, impressed by the Gettysburg Address inscription, queries Bobby for the greatest person living in the world. Bobby suggests a leading American scientist, Professor Jacob Barnhardt ([[Sam Jaffe , who lives in Washington, D.C. Bobby takes Klaatu to Barnhardt\'s home, but the professor is absent. Klaatu enters and adds a key mathematical equation to an advanced problem on the professor\'s blackboard, and then leaves his contact information with the suspicious housekeeper who attempts to rub out the equation with an eraser although is told not to by Klaatu. Later, government agents escort Klaatu to see Barnhardt. Klaatu introduces himself and warns the professor that the people of the other planets have become concerned for their own safety after human beings developed atomic power. Klaatu declares that if his message goes unheeded, "Planet Earth will be eliminated." Barnhardt agrees to arrange a meeting of scientists at Klaatu\'s ship and suggests that Klaatu give a demonstration of his power. Klaatu returns to his spaceship the next evening to implement the idea, unaware that Bobby has followed him. Bobby tells the unbelieving Helen and Tom what has transpired, but not until Tom finds a diamond on the floor of Klaatu\'s room do they begin to accept his story. When Tom takes the diamond for appraisal, the jeweler informs him it is unlike any other on Earth. Klaatu finds Helen at her workplace. She leads him to an unoccupied elevator which mysteriously stops at noon, trapping them together. Klaatu admits he is responsible, tells Helen his true identity, and asks for her help. A montage sequence shows that Klaatu has neutralized all electric power everywhere around the planet except in situations that would compromise human safety, such as hospitals and airplanes. After the thirty-minute blackout ends, the manhunt for Klaatu intensifies and Tom informs authorities of his suspicions. Helen is very upset by Tom\'s betrayal of Klaatu and breaks off their relationship. Helen and Klaatu take a taxi to Barnhardt\'s home; en route, Klaatu instructs Helen that, should anything happen to him, she must tell Gort "Klaatu barada nikto". When they are spotted, Klaatu is shot by military personnel. Helen heads to the spaceship. Gort awakens and kills two guards before Helen can relay Klaatu\'s message. Gort gently deposits her in the spaceship, then goes to fetch Klaatu\'s corpse. Gort then revives Klaatu while the amazed Helen watches. Klaatu explains that his revival is only temporary; even with their advanced technology, they cannot truly overcome death, that power being reserved for the "Almighty Spirit."<ref nameJulian Blaustein, Robert Wise, Patricia Neal, Billy Gray|dateMaking the Earth Stand Still|url2007-07-22|mediumFox Video; 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment}} Klaatu steps out of the spaceship and addresses the assembled scientists, explaining that humanity\'s penchant for violence and first steps into space have caused concern among other inhabitants of the universe who have created and empowered a race of robot enforcers including Gort to deter such aggression. He warns that if the people of Earth threaten to extend their violence into space, the robots will destroy Earth, adding, "The decision rests with you." He enters the spaceship and departs.'] ["{{quote}} The film opens with Shakespeare's proverb, and words on the screen announcing that its purpose is to highlight the virtues of psychoanalysis in banishing mental illness and restoring reason. Dr. Constance Petersen  is a psychoanalyst at Green Manors, a mental hospital in Vermont, and is perceived by the other  doctors as detached and emotionless. The director of the hospital, Dr. Murchison , is being forced into retirement, shortly after returning from an absence due to nervous exhaustion. His replacement is the much younger Dr. Anthony Edwardes . Dr. Petersen notices that there is something strange about Dr. Edwardes. He has a peculiar phobia about seeing sets of parallel lines against a white background, first displayed in an inappropriate reaction to seeing a diagram drawn with the tines of a fork on a tablecloth. Dr. Petersen soon realizes, by comparing handwriting, that this man is an impostor and not the real Dr. Edwardes. He confides to her that he killed Dr. Edwardes and took his place. He suffers from massive amnesia and does not know who he is. Dr. Petersen believes that he is innocent and suffering from a Guilt Complex. 'Dr. Edwardes' disappears during the night, having left a note for Dr. Petersen that he is going to the Empire State Hotel in New York City. It becomes public knowledge that 'Dr. Edwardes' is an impostor, and that the real Dr. Edwardes is missing and may have been murdered. Dr. Petersen goes to the Empire State Hotel, knowing that the police are in pursuit. She needs to use her psychoanalytic skills to unlock his amnesia and find out what had really happened. One of Hitchcock's characteristic innocent-person-pursued-by-the-police evasions ensues, as Dr. Petersen and the impostor  travel by train to Rochester, to meet Dr. Brulov , who had been Dr. Petersen's teacher and mentor. The two doctors analyze a dream that 'John Brown' had. The dream sequence  is full of psychoanalytic symbols&mdash;eyes, curtains, scissors, playing cards , a man with no face, a man falling off a building, a man hiding behind a chimney dropping a wheel, and wings. They deduce that Brown and Edwardes had been on a ski trip together  and that Edwardes had somehow died there. Dr. Petersen and Brown go to the Gabriel Valley ski resort  to reenact the event and unlock his repressed memories. Near the bottom of the hill, Brown's memory suddenly returns. He recalls that there is a precipice in front of them, over which Edwardes had fallen to his death. He stops them just in time. He also remembers a traumatic event from his childhood&mdash;he slid down a hand rail and accidentally knocked his brother onto sharp pointed railings, killing him. This incident had caused him to develop amnesia and a generalized guilt complex. He also remembers that his real name is John Ballantyne. All is understood now, and Ballantyne is about to be exonerated, when it is discovered that Edwardes had a bullet in his body. Ballantyne is convicted of murder and sent to prison. A heartbroken Dr. Petersen returns to her position at the hospital, where Dr. Murchison is once again the director. After reconsidering her notes from the dream, she realizes that the 'wheel' was a revolver and that the man hiding behind the chimney and dropping the wheel was Dr. Murchison hiding behind a tree, shooting Dr. Edwardes and dropping the gun. She confronts Murchison with this and he confesses, but says that he didn't drop the gun; he still has it. He pulls it out of his desk and threatens to shoot her. She walks away, the gun still pointed at her, and explains that while the first murder carried extenuating circumstances of his own mental state, murdering her as well surely would result in the electric chair. He allows her to leave and turns the gun on himself. Dr. Petersen is then reunited with Ballantyne."] 