['U.S. Air Force test pilot Major Bill Allison  flies an experimental aircraft to sub-orbital spaceflight successfully but loses radio contact. He lands at his airbase that now is abandoned and seems old and unused. Mystified by his surroundings, he sees a futuristic city on the horizon where he is rendered unconscious and captured by the inhabitants. Allison discovers that he has entered a wormhole through time and has landed in the year 2024 that contains survivors from a cosmic plague that hit the Earth starting in 1971. The inhabitants of the dystopia who are dying out live in an underground city called The Citadel. They are led by the Supreme  and his mute and telepathic granddaughter Princess Trirene . Against them are the literal outsiders, the bald violent mutants who seek to kill everyone they can. Also present are similar accidental time travelers labeled "scapes"; the Russian Captain Markova  who came from 1973 and General Kruse  and Professor Bourman  who have come from 1994 to escape the plague of the time.'] ['John Tucker, a bounty hunter comes face to face with the most dangerous ordeal of his career but he is armed with his most powerful weapon yet, his son, who travels back in time to save him from a brutal gang of criminals.'] ["James Cole  is a convicted criminal living in a grim post-apocalyptic future. In 1996–97, the Earth's surface was contaminated by a virus so deadly that it forced the surviving population to live underground. At some point in the years that followed, scientists have engineered an imprecise form of time travel. To earn a pardon, Cole allows scientists to send him on dangerous missions to the past to collect information on the virus, thought to be released by a terrorist organization known as the Army of the Twelve Monkeys. If possible, he is to obtain a pure sample of the original virus so a cure can be made. Throughout the film, Cole is troubled with recurring dreams involving a chase and a shooting in an airport. On Cole's first trip, he arrives in Baltimore in 1990, not 1996 as planned. He is arrested and hospitalized in a mental institution on the diagnosis of Dr. Kathryn Railly . There, he encounters Jeffrey Goines , a fellow mental patient with fanatical animal rights and anti-consumerist leanings. Cole tries unsuccessfully to leave a voicemail on a number monitored by the scientists in the future. After a failed escape attempt, Cole is restrained and locked in a cell, but then disappears, returning to the future. Back in his own time, Cole is interviewed by the scientists, who play a distorted voice mail message which gives the location of the Army of the Twelve Monkeys and states that they are responsible for the virus. He is also shown photos of numerous people suspected of being involved with the virus, including Goines. The scientists then send him back to 1996. Cole kidnaps Railly and sets out in search of Goines, learning that he is the founder of the Army of the Twelve Monkeys. When confronted, however, Goines denies any involvement with the virus and suggests that wiping out humanity was Cole's idea, originally broached at the asylum in 1990. Cole vanishes again as the police approach. After Cole disappears, Railly begins to doubt her diagnosis of Cole when she finds evidence that he is telling the truth, including a photograph from World War I in which Cole appears. Cole, on the other hand, convinces himself that his future experiences are hallucinations, and persuades the scientists to send him back again. Railly attempts to settle the question of Cole's sanity by leaving a voice mail on the number he provided, creating the message the scientists played prior to his second mission. They both now realize that the coming plague is real, and make plans to enjoy the time they have left. On their way to the airport, they learn that the Army of the Twelve Monkeys is a red herring; all the Army has done is delay traffic by releasing all the animals in the zoo. At the airport, Cole leaves a last message telling the scientists they are on the wrong track following the Army of the Twelve Monkeys, and that he will not return. He is soon confronted by Jose , an acquaintance from his own time, who gives Cole a handgun and instructions to complete his mission. At the same time, Railly spots the true culprit behind the virus: Dr. Peters ([[David Morse , an assistant at the virology lab run by Jeffrey's father. Peters is about to embark on a tour of several cities around the world, which matches the sequence  of viral outbreaks. After forcing his way through the security checkpoint in pursuit of Peters, Cole is fatally shot by police. As Cole dies in Railly's arms, she makes eye contact with a small boy: the young James Cole witnessing the scene of his own death, which will replay in his dreams for years to come. Dr. Peters, aboard the plane with the virus, sits down next to Jones , one of the lead scientists from the future."] ['Ben Wilson  is a widower haunted by the death of his wife, who has been killed in a freak car accident. He has recently returned to his home town and purchased an old guest house on the outskirts of town, which he is renovating with his young daughter Hillary . When local bus driver Oscar arrives with a tour group from "South California", their leader insists on renting out the rooms at the guest house, pointedly rejecting Ben\'s suggestion that they could stay at his friends\' large hotel in the middle of town. Wilson soon begins to note their peculiar behaviour, manner and dress and Oscar points out the fact that, while they purport to be tourists, they do not carry cameras or take photographs. Shortly after they settle into their rooms another stranger, Quish ([[David Wells , arrives to join the group, and Ben notices the odd fact that Quish\'s clothes have a fine covering of ash. Ben\'s suspicions are heightened by events of the next day. Quish has a minor accident while walking through the town and Wilson helps him, in the process recovering Quish\'s dropped American passport. Looking through it, Ben discovers that the stamps within include locations inside the United States and dates that are many decades apart. The local doctor then shows Ben an X-ray of Quish\'s head, which reveals that there is a mysterious object embedded in his skull. As they leave the surgery, Wilson confronts Quish, having deduced that the stamps correspond to the times and places of famous disasters, including the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake, the crash of the Hindenburg and the Mt St. Helens volcanic eruption . Unnerved, Quish will only respond by warning Wilson to leave town immediately and not return until he is sure it is safe. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to Ben, his vengeful father-in-law, Judge Caldwell  &mdash; who blames Ben for his daughter\'s death &mdash; has secretly arranged to have Hilary taken away from Ben on the grounds that he is an unfit parent. When Ben returns home he finds Hilary gone and confronts the Judge but is threatened with arrest; defeated, he goes to stay at the local hotel. There he visited by Reeve, one of the Tourists, who confirms his suspicions about their true nature: they are time-travellers from the future who visit the scenes of famous disasters as part of a "Grand Tour" of the past. She then gives Ben a euphoric substance and seduces him, leaving him unconscious. Late that night Ben he is found and revived by Oscar and they return to the guest house to find out why the Tourists have come, but minutes later the town is struck by a large meteorite, resulting in almost total destruction. Ben races to the Judge\'s shattered home, where he finds Hilary alive; heading back into town he finds the hotel destroyed and his friends dead, while the Tourists stroll through the devastation with an air of detached fascination. Ben and Hilary work through the night helping the survivors, who are taken to Hilary\'s local school, which has become the local disaster relief centre. When Ben and Oscar return to the guest house the next day, Ben is alarmed to discover that, although the tourists have left the house, their luggage is still there. He and Oscar track them to an abandoned factory outside the town, where Ben realises that they are awaiting a second disaster which is about to strike the school. The tourists try to detain him but he evades them and races to the scene hoping to save Hilary. Meanwhile, maintenance workers accidentally damage a gas pipe line in the boiler room of the school and just as Ben arrives a hurricane lamp in the gymnasium ignites the leaking gas, destroying the school in a massive blast and killing most of the people inside, including Hilary and Quish, who has followed Ben to the building. Ben regains consciousness to find that he has been taken prisoner by the Tourists and that an official from their time, the Undersecretary , has arrived to investigate and try to remedy the disruptions to Ben\'s "Timescape". He explains that his people have discovered that time is more resilient than they had first believed but, because of the changes enacted by Ben and the Tourists, all time excursions have been suspended pending a full investigation. Just before they depart Ben attacks Reeve for her lack of humanity, but as she leaves she embraces him, secretly slipping Quish\'s passport into his hand. On examining the passport Ben discovers that it conceals one of the Tourists\' time travel devices. He eventually makes it work, and returns to the previous evening to try and save his daughter and the townsfolk from the disaster. Realising that Hilary is then at her grandfather\'s house, he tries to sneak her away but he is caught and thrown into jail, which is itself soon to be destroyed. However he convinces the deputy to allow him his one phone call and manages to contact his pre-existing self at the hotel, just as that self is meeting with Reeve. This alternate self helps the \'original\' Ben to escape from the jail and together they manage to alert and save most of the people by ringing the bells in the old church on the other side of town. Leaving Hilary with his \'earlier\' self, the \'original\' Ben walks through the scene of the impact; there he is again confronted by the Undersecretary, who had returned to take Ben back to his proper point in time. He warn Ben not to interfere any further and threatens to alter the past again to eliminate Ben\'s actions, but Ben challenges him by arguing that if the Undersecretary\'s assertions were true, his people would have already done so. In the final scene, we see Hilary taking bookings for the now-completed guest house while Ben reads through old love letters from his late wife. When Hilary looks up, Ben has vanished, and as the movie closes Hilary suddenly hears and is drawn towards the sound of someone playing her mother\'s favourite tune on the piano.'] ['Imaginative, impetuous, and wild Diana McFee  cannot wait for her adult life to begin. While awaiting the final days of high school in the lush springtime, Diana tests her limits with sex and drugs as her more conservative friend Maureen  watches with concern. Then the two teens are involved in a Columbine-like shooting incident at their school and are forced to make an impossible choice. The film mostly focuses on Diana’s adulthood . She leads an apparently normal life as an art history university professor. She has a daughter, Emma , and she’s married to the professor who once gave a speech in her school about the power of visualization, how one can shape one’s own future in this way. We learn, however, that she feels guilty about something that doesn’t let her sleep. One day she gets a call from Emma’s school. The nuns who run the school complain about her behavior. Later, at an ice cream parlor, Diana asks Emma not to hide any more as she is always doing. “You hate me,” Emma replies to her mother\'s reproaches. They leave the parlor abruptly and as they’re about to get into the car, Diana sees her husband, the professor, with another woman. She hesitates about confronting him and instead remains in the middle of the street where she is hit by a pickup truck. On her way to the hospital she imagines that blood is escaping from her body. However in fact she hasn’t been hurt by the accident. What is happening is that she is remembering the complications she had following an abortion in her high school days. The day of the 15th anniversary of the shooting, a memorial is held at the school. Diana drives in front of the school several times until she finally decides to stop and bring in some flowers. As she enters the school she’s asked whether she’s one of the survivors. She smiles and walks inside, first leaving flowers on some desks and then moving on to the rest rooms where one of the shootings took place. At that moment she gets a call from Emma’s school; Emma is missing. Diana is told that a pink piece of clothing has been found in the woods. She drives there and walks through the woods, shouting out her daughter\'s name. Emma appears before Diana’s eyes for a moment but then vanishes almost as soon as she has appeared. Back to the rest rooms in the school where Diana left the flowers. This is the place where she and Maureen were forced to decide which of them should survive. Maureen had offered herself first, but the shooter, Michael Patrick , asks Diana why it shouldn\'t be her; she agrees and asks to be killed. She is then shot and dies. All that we’ve seen earlier in the film is what Diana had dreamed her adult life would be like. Emma is the girl she never had, the girl that she aborted. As the film ends Diana is asked once again if she is a survivor and she replies "No" with a smile, with a sense of relief that she did the right thing by dying and having her friend live her life.'] ['In the year 2058, with Earth soon to be uninhabitable from the irreversible effects of pollution, the majority of nations  prepare for the peaceful colonization of space. Meanwhile, a minority of terrorist forces  seek to shape colonization to their own agenda. Professor John Robinson , lead scientist of the Jupiter Mission, plans to lead his wife Maureen , daughters Judy  and Penny , and son Will ([[Jack Johnson  on a 10-year mission in suspended animation to the nearby habitable planet Alpha Prime, where they will build a companion "hypergate" to the one in construction in Earth orbit . The project is accelerated after Global Sedition terrorist forces attack the Earth hypergate, thwarted by pilot Major Don West , and murder the Jupiter Mission\'s candidate pilot, with Don replacing him. Dr. Zachary Smith , a mole employed by the Global Sedition, reprograms the mission\'s robot to destroy the ship and crew, but is betrayed by his employers and left as an unwilling stowaway when the Jupiter II blasts off. In the midst of the robot\'s attack, the ship veers off course and into the gravitational pull of the Sun, with the only option for the underpowered ship to use the hyperdrive and end up in a random, uncharted part of the galaxy. Eventually, the ship comes across a "hole in space" and, after entering, encounters an unknown planet, and the Proteus, an abandoned Earth space ship from the future, in orbit. An investigation of the Proteus reveals it is infested with carnivorous spider-like lifeforms, one of which scratches Dr. Smith. To escape the spiders\' attack, Don reactivates and overloads the Proteus\' engine, with the shockwave from the resulting explosion damaging the Jupiter II and throwing it down to the planet below. On the mysterious planet, Professor Robinson and Major West go out in search of radioactive material to replace the burnt-out half of the ship\'s core through a strange, growing bubble of unknown origin. They eventually learn that the "holes" and "bubbles" are distortions of time and space, caused by future versions of Will  and Dr. Smith constructing a time machine in order to return to an earlier time on Earth and prevent the Robinsons from getting lost. They are all betrayed, however, by the future Smith, who has become a hybrid of the alien spiders on the Proteus  and plans to unleash his spider race on an unsuspecting Earth. Robinson battles Spider Smith while Major West returns to the past Jupiter II  to evacuate the other Robinsons. John stops Spider Smith by wounding and then opening the eggsac on his back, which frees the baby spiders, who then start to eat Spider Smith. John then pushes Spider Smith into the uncompleted time portal, where he is torn apart by the gravitational field. Don and the other Robinsons attempt to escape in the past Jupiter II, as the time machine\'s warping tears apart the planet, but are unable to reach escape velocity and the ship is destroyed by flying debris. Future Will, previously unconvinced off his father\'s love, finally recognizes his father\'s deep love for his family and allows him to take his time portal to back before the Jupiter IIs attempted escape. Knowing that the escape velocity plan will doom them, John commands West to pilot the ship through the planet\'s core as it breaks up, using the planet\'s gravity to propel the ship out the other side and back into space. They escape, but the collapsed planet forms a small black hole that begins to suck the Jupiter II back in. To escape, the Robinsons once again activate the hyperdrive, blasting off again into potentially unknown space.'] ["During the Ming Dynasty, the Sunflower Manual  was stolen from the palace and a Jinyi Wei team is sent to retrieve it. The Jinyi Wei attack Lin Zhennan and his son Lin Pingzhi, and the Lins separate to avoid their pursuers. Lin Zhennan meets Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan from the Mount Hua Sect, requesting them to inform his son about the manual's location. Just then, Zuo Lengchan appears and a fight ensues, but Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan manage to escape. They travel to meet Yue Buqun at a retirement ceremony and encounter Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang along the way. Linghu Chong strikes up a friendship with them and they perform their musical piece Xiaoao Jianghu . On the day of the ceremony, Zuo Lengchan shows up and attempts to force Liu Zhengfeng to hand over Linghu Chong, accusing Liu of conspiring with the Demonic Cult. Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang manage to fight their way out despite being surrounded by several enemies. At the same time, Linghu Chong is wounded by Zuo Lengchan and he escapes and hides near the river. He hears Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang playing their musical piece and finds them. Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang present Linghu Chong with their instruments and the music score."] ['In 1980, the USS Nimitz takes on a civilian observer, Warren Lasky , at the orders of his reclusive and mysterious employer, Mr. Tideman , just before it departs Pearl Harbor for a training mission in the Pacific Ocean. Out in the Pacific, the ship encounters a strange storm-like vortex which disappears after the ship passes through it. Initially unsure of what has happened, and having lost radio contact with Pacific Fleet Command, Captain Matthew Yelland  launches reconnaissance aircraft which discover an intact Pacific battleship fleet at Pearl Harbor.During December 1941, the U.S. Navy Pacific fleet was based in Pearl Harbor and consisted mainly of battleships moored at harbor, as two aircraft carriers normally at Pearl Harbor, were at sea.Toland 1991, p. 5.  A Grumman F-14 Tomcat patrol eventually spots a civilian yacht being attacked by Japanese Mitsubishi A6M Zero fighters. The F-14 fighter aircraft are ordered to "draw them off". The Zeros shoot at the F-14s and inadvertently head toward the Nimitz, forcing the captain to order them shot down. The Nimitz rescues the yacht\'s survivors, a man and a woman, as well as one of the Zero pilots. The Nimitz{{’}}s CAG , Commander Owens , an amateur historian, recognizes one survivor as Samuel Chapman , a prominent United States senator who could have been Franklin Roosevelt\'s running mate  during his final re-election bid ... except that he disappeared shortly before the fateful attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. After a Grumman E-2 Hawkeye discovers the Japanese fleet poised to attack Pearl Harbor, they eventually realize that they have been transported back in time to December 6, one day before the infamous attack. Captain Yelland has to decide whether to destroy the Japanese fleet and alter the course of history, or to stand by and allow history to proceed as "normal". After some intense debates on board, the Captain settles the dispute by "going by the book": to defend America "past, present, and future" if attacked, and otherwise, to obey the orders of the then-current commander-in-chief, Franklin D. Roosevelt. The civilians and the Zero pilot are kept isolated, but while being questioned, the Japanese pilot grabs a weapon, kills his guards and holds the other survivors, the CAG, and Lasky as hostages, threatening to kill them unless he is given access to a radio. The crisis is defused only after the CAG reveals enough of what he knows of history to distract the pilot long enough for Marines to kill him, but this also reveals the truth to the yacht survivors. The senator demands and is granted access to a radio to warn Pearl Harbor about the imminent attack, but since he identifies himself as aboard the USS Nimitz, the radio operator assumes it is a hoax — as Admiral Chester W. Nimitz was then on active duty in the U.S. Navy — and the senator\'s warning is not believed. Meanwhile, the female survivor, Laurel , and Commander Owens become attracted to each other. Captain Yelland sends the civilians with sufficient supplies via helicopter to an isolated Hawaiian island. The CAG goes with them. Once there, however, the senator tries to hijack the helicopter with a flare gun, but ends up destroying the helicopter and losing his life, while stranding the CAG and Laurel on the island. She learns that Owens is from the future when Laurel discovers the date imprint on one of the food containers. The Nimitz launches a massive strike force against the incoming Japanese forces, but before they can reach the enemy armada, the time storm returns. After a futile attempt to outrun the storm, Yelland recalls the strike force, and the ship and the aircraft return to 1980 safely. Upon the Nimitz{{’}}s return to Pearl Harbor, the Pacific Fleet commander boards the ship to investigate. Meanwhile, Lasky and Laurel\'s dog, upon leaving the ship, finally encounter "Mr. Tideman" face-to-face, who is revealed to be a much older Commander Owens, along with his wife, Laurel. The final encounter ends with Owens inviting Lasky for a ride with the words: "We have a lot to talk about."'] ['In 1893 London, popular writer Herbert George "H.G." Wells  displays a time machine to his skeptical dinner guests. After explaining how it works , police constables arrive at the house searching for Jack the Ripper. One finds a bag, with blood-stained gloves, belonging to one of Herbert\'s friends, a surgeon named John Leslie Stevenson ([[David Warner , whom they are unable to locate in the house, concluding that Stevenson might be the infamous killer. Wells races to his laboratory, but the time machine is gone. Stevenson has escaped to the future, but because he does not have the "non-return" key, it automatically returns to 1893. Herbert uses it to pursue Stevenson to November 5, 1979, where the machine has ended up on display at a museum in San Francisco. He is deeply shocked by the future, having expected it to be an enlightened socialist utopia, only to find chaos in the form of airplanes, automobiles and a worldwide history of war, crime and bloodshed. Searching numerous banks for Stevenson –- he believes an Englishman might need to exchange old currency -– Herbert meets liberated Chartered Bank of London employee Amy Robbins . She directs Herbert to the Hyatt Regency hotel, as she previously had Stevenson. Confronted by his onetime friend Herbert, Stevenson confesses that he finds modern society to be pleasingly violent. Apologetically, he states: "Ninety years ago, I was a freak. Now... I\'m an amateur." Herbert demands he return to 1893 to face justice, but Stevenson, who without the "return key" would be unable to prevent the machine from automatically returning , attempts to wrest it from him. Their struggle is interrupted and Stevenson flees, getting hit by a car during the frantic chase on foot. Herbert follows him to the San Francisco General Hospital emergency room and mistakenly gets the impression that Stevenson had died from his injuries. Herbert meets up with Amy Robbins again and she is the aggressor in a romance . Stevenson returns to the bank to exchange more money. Rightly concluding that it was Amy who had led Herbert to him, he finds out where she lives. Herbert, hoping to convince her of the truth, takes a highly skeptical Amy three days into the future. Once there, she is aghast to see a newspaper headline revealing her own murder as the Ripper\'s fifth victim . Herbert persuades her that they must go back -– it is their duty to attempt to prevent the fourth victim\'s murder, then prevent Amy\'s. However, they are delayed upon their return to the present and can do no more than phone the police. Stevenson kills again, and Herbert is arrested because of his knowledge of the killing. Amy is left alone, totally defenseless, and at the mercy of the "San Francisco Ripper." Herbert unsuccessfully tries to convince the police of Amy\'s peril . Amy attempts to hide from Stevenson. When the police finally do investigate her apartment, they find the dismembered body of a woman. Wells is released, mourning Amy\'s brutal death. Suddenly, he is confronted by Stevenson, who has actually killed Amy\'s coworker Carol, who had accepted an invitation for dinner and to meet Wells. Stevenson then kidnapped Amy in order to extort the time machine key from Wells. Stevenson flees with the key -– and Amy as insurance -– to attempt a permanent escape in the time machine. While Herbert bargains for Amy\'s life, she is able to escape. As Stevenson starts up the time machine, Herbert removes the "vaporizing equalizer" from the machine and Stevenson nods in understanding. The removal of this component, Herbert had confirmed earlier, causes the machine to remain in place while its passenger is sent traveling endlessly through time, with no way to stop; in effect destroying him. Herbert proclaims that the time has come to return to his own time, by himself, in order to destroy a machine that is too dangerous for primitive mankind. Amy pleads with him to take her along . As they depart to the past, she says that she is changing her name to Susan B. Anthony. The end credits reveal that the two later married.'] ['After being pulled through a time portal, Ash Williams lands in 1300 AD, where he is almost immediately captured by Lord Arthur\'s men, who suspect him to be an agent for Duke Henry, with whom Arthur is at war. He is enslaved along with the captured Henry, his gun and chainsaw confiscated, and is taken to a castle. Ash is thrown in a pit where he fights off a Deadite and regains his weapons from Arthur\'s Wise Man. After demanding Henry and his men be set free  and killing a deadite in full view of everyone, Ash is celebrated as a hero. He also grows attracted to Sheila, the sister of one of Arthur\'s fallen knights. According to the Wise Man, the only way Ash can return to his time is to retrieve the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis. After bidding goodbye to Sheila, Ash starts his search for the Necronomicon. As he enters a haunted forest, an unseen force pursues Ash through the woods. Fleeing, he ducks into a windmill where he crashes into a mirror. The small reflections of Ash climb out from the shattered mirror and torment him. One of the reflections dives down Ash\'s throat and uses his body to become a life-sized clone of Ash and attack him, after which Ash kills and buries the clone. When he arrives at the Necronomicon\'s location, he finds three books instead of one. Ash eventually finds the real one and attempts to say the magic phrase that will allow him to remove the book safely — "Klaatu verata nicto". However, forgetting the last word, he tries to trick the book by mumbling/coughing the missing word. He then grabs the book from the cradle, and rushes back to the castle, while the dead rise from graves all around. During Ash\'s panicked ride back, his evil copy rises from his grave and unites the Deadites into the Army of Darkness. Despite causing the predicament faced by the Medieval soldiers, Ash initially demands to be returned to his own time. However, Sheila is captured by a Flying Deadite, and later transformed into a Deadite. Ash becomes determined to lead the humans against the army of the dead. Reluctantly, the people agree to join Ash. Using scientific knowledge from textbooks in the trunk of his 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88, and enlisting the help of Duke Henry, Ash successfully leads the medieval soldiers to victory over the Deadites and Evil Ash, saving Sheila and bringing peace between Arthur and Henry in the process. After this, he is brought back to his own time using a potion made from the Necronomicon. Later, Ash is at the S-Mart store telling a male co-worker  all about his adventure back in time, and how he could have been king. A female customer becomes possessed by a demon and starts wreaking havoc on the store, and Ash slays the creature.'] ['Jack Deth  is a police trooper in the year 2247 who has been hunting down Martin Whistler , a criminal mastermind who uses strange psychic powers to make people into zombies that carry out his every desire. Deth can identify a tranced victim by scanning them with a special bracelet. All trancers appear as normal humans at first, but once triggered, they become savage killers with twisted features. Before he can be caught, Whistler escapes back in time using a bizarre, drug-induced time traveling technique. Whistler leaves his body in 2247 and travels down his ancestral bloodline arriving in year 1985 and taking over the body of an ancestor who happens to be a Los Angeles police detective named Weisling. Once Deth discovers what Whistler has done, he destroys Whistler\'s body – effectively leaving him trapped in the past with no vessel to return to – and chases after him through time the same way. Deth himself ends up in the body of one of his ancestors; a journalist named Phil Dethton. With the help of Phil\'s girlfriend, (a punk rock girl named Leena , Deth goes after Whistler who has begun to "trance" other victims and plots to eliminate the future governing council members of Angel City, , who are being systematically wiped out of existence by Whistler\'s murder spree of their own ancestors. Deth arrives too late to prevent most of the murders and can only safeguard Hap Ashby , a washed-up former pro baseball player who is the ancestor of the last surviving council member Chairman Ashe. Deth is given some high-tech equipment which is sent to him in the past: his sidearm, , and a "long-second" wristwatch, which temporarily slows time stretching one second to ten. The watch has only enough power for one use but he receives another watch through time later to pull the same trick again. During the end fight with Whistler, one of the drug vials in Jack\'s gun breaks, leaving only one vial to get home. Jack then makes the choice to kill Weisling , or use the vial to send Whistler back to 2247. Jack injects Weisling with the last vial sending Whistler home, but with no body to return to, he effectively destroys him. Jack then decides to remain with Leena in 1985, although observing him from the shadows is McNulty, his boss from the future, who has traveled down his own ancestral line and ending up in the body of a young girl.'] ['Warlock is a small Utah mining town of the early 1880s. A group of local cowboys led by Abe McQuown  often comes into town to shoot the place up, kill on just a whim, and beat up and humiliate any lawman who tries to stand up to them. The Citizens\' Committee decides to hire Clay Blaisedell , a renowned gunfighter, as town marshal in spite of the misgivings of some, such as old Judge Holloway  who insists that the situation should be handled within the law . Blaisedell is famous for his golden-handled guns. Blaisedell arrives with his devoted friend, Tom Morgan , his hero-worshiping, club footed, right-hand, who is no slouch with a gun himself. Morgan has a reputation as a heavy drinking gambler, but Blaisedell insists that Morgan is part of the package. They even take over the local saloon and rename it the "French Palace" . Their first encounter with McQuown\'s men is without bloodshed, though the cowboys are humiliated and one of them, Johnny Gannon , stays behind. He has been put off by the gang\'s activities for some time now and resolves to be more law-abiding. Some time later Morgan learns that his old flame, Lily Dollar , is coming to town on the stagecoach, and she is accompanied by Bob Nicholson , brother of Big Ben Nicholson, who was recently killed by Blaisedell. Lily had left Morgan for Big Ben and knows that Morgan pushed Ben into challenging Blaisedell, who killed him as a result. Morgan sets out to meet the stagecoach which is being ambushed by some of McQuown\'s men as he watches from a distance. He takes advantage of the situation to kill Bob Nicholson unseen. Lily arrives in town and sees Morgan there. She believes that he pulled the trigger, although this is based on intuition rather than evidence. The robbers are arrested, sent to Bright City for trial, and subsequently cleared by a jury intimidated by McQuown. In the meantime, the Bright City sheriff, who disapproves of Blaisedell, appoints Johnny Gannon as official deputy. Although he was once a thug himself, Gannon takes his law enforcement duties seriously. The scene is set for a number of confrontations between Gannon, Morgan, Blaisedell, and the McQuown gang. Wanting revenge for their arrests, the released robbers, led by Johnny Gannon\'s brother Billy , go to Warlock to confront Blaisedell and Morgan. The deputy urgently asks them to leave, and tells Billy, "I ain\'t backin\' him, because you\'re my brother, and I ain\'t backin\' you, because you\'re wrong." The outlaws proceed to provoke Blaisedell, and he kills two, including Billy. Soon after, the remaining outlaws try to give themselves legitimacy by posting notices declaring themselves "regulators," mocking Blaisedell\'s quasi-legal status as hired marshal in a town where a sheriff and deputies theoretically enforce the law. What is more, some of the inhabitants are getting tired of Blaisedell and Morgan, something which, based on previous experience, the pair had predicted would happen. Blaisedell, however, has started a relationship with local girl Jessie Marlow  and decides to marry and settle down, much to the surprise of Morgan, who wants to move on to another town and insists that Clay is nothing without him. Gannon, with some assistance from townsfolk, unexpectedly manages to break up the gang without the help of Blaisedell, who was kept away from the fight at gunpoint by Morgan. It appears that Warlock has outgrown its need for the two gunfighters, but Morgan cannot tolerate the idea that Gannon is now more of a hero than Blaisedell. In the course of an argument, Blaisedell learns the truth about the deaths of the Nicholson brothers, and turns his back on Morgan, who resorts to drinking. That evening, in a drunken state, Morgan shoots up the town and calls for Gannon, but the deputy is locked into his own cell by Blaisedell who insists that "Tom Morgan\'s my responsibility". Morgan has insisted that he was always covering Blaisedell\'s back in almost all their confrontations with their enemies, and that he is the better gunman. To prove his point he shoots off Blaisedell\'s hat, and the other, on instinct, shoots back, killing Morgan. Satisfied that Blaisedell is a hero again, Morgan\'s dying words are "I won, Clay, I won!" The grief-stricken Blaisedell carries his friend\'s body into the saloon which, to the sound of thunder in the sky, he burns down, giving Morgan a "Viking funeral". The humiliated Gannon tells Blaisedell that he will arrest him in the morning if he does not leave town. After what has happened, Blaisedell can\'t face staying in Warlock and decides to leave anyway. Jessie, however, won\'t accompany him. She insists that she is no Tom Morgan. Lily Dollar, for her part, looks as if she takes little satisfaction in finally getting her revenge. She has in the meantime taken up with Gannon. The next day Gannon and Blaisedell face one another, the latter wearing his famous golden-handled guns. Blaisedell outdraws Gannon, but then throws his guns into the sand, smiles at Gannon, mounts his horse, and leaves town.'] [" In a post-apocalyptic 2029, artificially intelligent machines seek to exterminate what is left of the human race. Two beings from this era travel back in time to 1984 Los Angeles: One is a Terminator , a cyborg assassin programmed to kill Sarah Connor ; the other is Kyle Reese , a human resistance fighter sent to protect her. After killing two other Sarah Connors listed in the telephone directory, the Terminator tracks its target to a nightclub. Kyle saves Sarah from the Terminator's attack and the two make an escape. Kyle explains that in the near future an artificial intelligence network called Skynet will become self-aware and initiate a nuclear holocaust of mankind. Sarah's yet-unborn son John will rally the survivors and lead a resistance movement against Skynet and its army of machines. With the Resistance on the verge of victory, Skynet has sent a Terminator back in time to kill Sarah before John can be born, as a last-ditch effort to avert the formation of the Resistance. The Terminator is an emotionless and efficient killing machine with a powerful metal endoskeleton, but with an external layer of living tissue that makes it resemble a human being. Kyle and Sarah are again attacked by the Terminator, leading to a car chase and their arrest. Lieutenant Ed Traxler  and Detective Hal Vukovich  tell Sarah that Kyle is insane. Kyle is questioned by psychologist Dr. Silberman , who concludes that he is paranoid and delusional. The Terminator attacks the police station and kills many police officers, including Traxler and Vukovich, in its attempt to locate Sarah, but she and Kyle escape and seek refuge in a motel. Kyle confesses that he has long been in love with Sarah, having been given a photograph of her by her son John. Sarah reciprocates Kyle's feelings and they have sex. The Terminator tracks them to the motel and wounds Kyle. In the ensuing chase the Terminator is caught in the blast of an exploding gasoline tank truck. With its flesh coating burned away, it pursues Sarah and Kyle into a factory. Kyle jams a pipe bomb into its abdomen, causing an explosion which severely damages it, but at the cost of his own life. Still partially functional, the Terminator tries to kill Sarah. She leads it into a hydraulic press and crushes it, causing it to deactivate. Later, a pregnant Sarah is traveling through Mexico. Along the way she records audio tapes which she intends to pass on to her unborn son, John. She debates whether to tell him that Kyle is his father. A Mexican boy takes a photograph of her which she purchases—it is the photograph that John will later give to Kyle. She drives on towards approaching storm clouds."] ["Pamela Drury is single and works as a serious journalist. She spends her birthday alone and becomes lonely and reflects upon her life and the choices she made. In a box of photos of old boyfriends, she reflects upon why she broke up with one in particular, Robert Dickson, 13 years earlier. She also meets an interesting man, Ben and follows him home, only to see through his window that he is with his family and looks very happy. Shortly afterwards, she is hit by a car while crossing the street. The woman who was driving the car is also Pamela, but is Pamela Dickson; she is from an alternate universe in which she married Robert 13 years earlier. Pamela Dickson takes Pamela Drury to the Dickson family home and the two of them talk in the kitchen. Suddenly, Pamela Dickson's kids come home and she disappears, leaving the unmarried Pamela Drury in a house she has never seen before with three children she does not know. The children assume she is their mother, although they do not quite recognize her sometimes. She soon finds out that her alter ego Pamela Dickson lives in a dull marriage and writes lightweight articles for a mainstream ladies magazine, rather than being the serious reporter that Drury is. She meets Ben again, but in this time-line he was never married and still mourns the loss of the great love of his life, who was killed just before their graduation from college. At first, Pamela Drury was pleased to be with Robert again after all these years apart, but she is soon unhappy and annoyed with married life, and quarrels with Robert. She embarks on an affair with Ben, not mentioning to him that she has a husband and kids . Ben visits her and learns the truth, and walks away angry and disappointed. Soon, Pamela Drury embraces having a family and falls for Robert again, and even stimulates him and enlivens her marriage. Then when Pamela Dickson is in a restaurant bathroom, Pamela Dickson shows up again, and the two women switch back to their former lives. Pamela Dickson had been living the life of single Pamela Drury and enjoyed it but ultimately missed her husband and kids so she came back. Pamela Drury is single once more and embraces her life with a new appreciation of all that being single and having a career has to offer. She learns that while she was gone, Pamela Dickson began dating Ben, who actually is divorced from the woman she saw through the window, the same woman who alternate-Ben had thought was his soul mate. Ultimately she sees that both lives are appealing and offer a lot to appreciate."] ['In Jubilee, Queen Elizabeth I  is transported forward in time by the occultist John Dee  through the spirit guide Ariel . Elizabeth arrives in the shattered Britain of the 1970s. Queen Elizabeth II is dead, killed in an arbitrary mugging, and Elizabeth I moves through the social and physical decay of the city observing the activities of a group of sporadic nihilists, including Amyl Nitrite ([[Jordan , Bod , Chaos , Crabs , and Mad . Numerous punk icons appear in the film including Jordan , Toyah Willcox, Nell Campbell, Adam Ant, Demoriane and Wayne County. It features performances by Wayne County and Adam and the Ants. There are also cameo appearances by The Slits and Siouxsie and the Banshees. The film was scored by Brian Eno.'] ['Calvin Webber  is a brilliant and eccentric Caltech nuclear physicist, living during the Cold War. His extreme fear of a nuclear holocaust leads him to build an enormous self-sustaining fallout shelter beneath his suburban home. One night, while he and his pregnant wife, Helen , are entertaining guests, a family friend comes to inform him that John F. Kennedy and Nikita Khrushchev are getting into a debate. The family turns on their television, and watch in horror. When the Cuban Missile Crisis begins, they ask their guests to leave, and they head down into the shelter. Meanwhile, a pilot is having problems with his plane; he is ordered to eject, believing his jet will crash into the Pacific Ocean. Just as the Webbers descend into the shelter, the plane veers off and crashes into the Webber home, leaving their friends and family to believe the family has died. The family, having seen the resulting fireball just as they lock themselves in their shelter, believe that the unthinkable has happened and that they are the sole survivors of a nuclear war. The locks on the shelter are set for 35 years and cannot be overridden by anyone inside or outside the shelter — for "their own protection" according to Calvin Webber. A few days after the locks have been engaged, Mrs. Webber goes into labor and gives birth to a baby boy, whom they name Adam. During the roughly 35 years they are down in the shelter, the world above drastically changes, while the Webbers\' life remains frozen in 1962. Adam is taught in several languages, all school subjects, dance, boxing, and many other things. The family passes time watching black and white films and kinescopes of television programs via a projector rigged to look like a television. Adam is given his father\'s baseball card collection and shares in various companies. In the present, the timer on the locks releases, and Calvin decides to check out the surroundings above the shelter , which has turned into a ghetto. He mistakes this for a post-apocalyptic world and wants his wife and grown son  to stay in hiding, but suffers from chest pain. Adam, who is naïve but well-educated, is sent for supplies and help, thus beginning his adventures. Much of the humor in the film is derived from his being unaccustomed to the lifestyle of the present , believing "gay" means happy, and finding awe in simple things of the present. Early on, he meets Eve Vrustikoff  at a card store, where she works, and where he went to sell his father\'s classic baseball cards. She stops the store owner from ripping Adam off and is immediately fired. Adam asks Eve to take him to the Holiday Inn, in exchange for a baseball card, worth $4,000. The next morning, at the Holiday Inn, Eve comes to give back the card to Adam, and after a brief conversation, Eve informs Adam that she has to look for a new job. In exchange for $1,000 a week, Adam asks Eve to work for him, she agrees to help him buy the supplies and his search for a "non-mutant wife from Pasadena". Meanwhile, Adam meets Eve\'s gay housemate and best friend, Troy , who offers advice and commentary as Adam and Eve fall in love. Adam continually impresses both Eve and Troy with his array of talents including an energetic swing dance that garners the attention of Eve\'s rival, Sophie , who starts flirting with the naive Adam, spurning Eve when he goes home with her. Adam returns later, having admitted to rejecting Sophie\'s advances and tells Eve about his past. The sheer notion of the story scares Eve into thinking he is a sociopath or psychotic and delusional and she contacts some mental health professionals to have him committed. They arrive at Eve\'s house to take him into custody, but he escapes. After Adam is gone, Troy and Eve find that he has "millions upon millions, upon millions of dollars" worth of stocks, and the lifestyle they find he has been living seems straight out of the 1960s. Eventually, Eve finds Adam and the two make up, Adam finally introducing Eve to his sheltered parents. At the conclusion of the film, Calvin and Helen move into a home at the surface that their son has had constructed with the wealth he has acquired from the stocks his father gave him. Only Calvin is informed that the catastrophe they went into seclusion for was in fact a plane crash, for fear Helen would be incredibly angry at her husband for her years of mistaken confinement. The film ends with Helen at peace with her newfound freedom from the shelter, Adam and Eve engaged to be married, while Calvin, certain that the "Commies" have faked the collapse of the Soviet Union, starts pacing out measurements for a new fallout shelter.'] [" On October 26, 1985, Doctor Emmett Brown arrives from the future and tells Marty McFly and girlfriend, Jennifer Parker, he needs help to save their future children from getting into serious trouble. As they depart, Biff Tannen accidentally witnesses their departure. They arrive on October 21, 2015, where Doc electronically hypnotizes Jennifer and leaves her incapacitated in an alley. Meanwhile, Doc has Marty pose as Marty McFly, Jr., Marty's future son, to refuse an offer from Biff's cybernetically-enhanced grandson, Griff Tannen. Marty successfully switches places with his son and refuses Griff's offer, but Griff goads Marty into a fist fight, which only ends in Griff and his gang crashing into the local courthouse and getting arrested, thus saving Marty's future children. On his way back to meet Doc, Marty purchases Gray's Sports Almanac, a book detailing the results of major sporting events for the second half of the 20th century. Doc discovers the purchase and warns him about attempting to profit from time travel, but before Doc can adequately dispose of the almanac, they are forced to follow the police who have found Jennifer incapacitated and are taking her to her future home. Old Biff, overhearing the conversation and recalling the DeLorean from 1985, follows with the discarded book in a taxi. Jennifer wakes up in her future home and hides while the McFly family has dinner together. She overhears that Marty's life, as well as their life together, is not what they had expected due to a car accident involving Marty. Jennifer witnesses the Marty of 2015 being goaded into a shady business deal by his friend, Needles, causing their supervisor to fire Marty from his job, as announced by numerous faxes . While escaping the house, Jennifer meets her older self and they both faint. As Marty and Doc run to retrieve the younger Jennifer, Biff uses the DeLorean to travel back to 1955, gives his teenage self the sports almanac, then returns to 2015. Marty, Doc, and an unconscious Jennifer return to 1985, unaware of Old Biff's previous actions, and Jennifer is left on the porch at her home. Marty and Doc soon discover that the 1985 to which they returned has changed dramatically. Biff has become wealthy and corrupted, and changed Hill Valley into a chaotic dystopia. Marty's father, George, was murdered in 1973, and Biff has forced his mother, Lorraine, to marry him instead. Doc has been committed to an insane asylum, and Dave, Linda and Marty are away at boarding schools. Doc finds evidence of the sports almanac and Biff's trip to the past in the DeLorean and tells Marty he needs to learn when the younger Biff received the almanac so they can correct the time line. Marty decides to confront Biff regarding the almanac. Biff explains that he received the book from an old man on November 12, 1955 who told him that he would never lose as long as he bet on every winner in the almanac. He was also told to eliminate anyone in particular who questioned him about the almanac in case of any attempt to change the past so Biff attempts to kill Marty during which time he reveals that he killed George, and allowed Hill Valley to be taken over by crime to prevent being caught. However, Marty escapes with Doc and, with the new information, returns to 1955. Marty works undercover to trail the Biff of 1955. Marty is present when the Biff of 2015 arrives to give the Biff of 1955 the almanac, but Marty is unable to retrieve it. Marty is forced, with Doc's help, to try to get the book back during the Enchantment Under the Sea Dance, being careful to avoid undoing the events that he had already corrected in his previous visit. Eventually, Biff leaves the dance as Doc and Marty follow him silently. After a struggle, Marty takes the almanac from Biff, who crashes his car into a manure truck as Doc and Marty fly away in the DeLorean. With the storm approaching, Marty burns the almanac and restores the previous  timeline. However, the DeLorean is struck by lightning and disappears. A courier from Western Union arrives minutes later and gives Marty a seventy-year-old letter. It is from Doc, who became trapped in 1885 after the lightning strike made the DeLorean go back to January 1, 1885. Marty races back into town and finds the Doc of 1955, who had just sent the original Marty back to 1985 seconds earlier at the courthouse. Doc is shocked by his friend's sudden re-appearance and faints."] ['The premise of the film is stated by a group of four writers conversing over dinner at the beginning of the film. The question arises: Is life naturally comic or tragic? One of the four proposes a simple story  and the two prominent playwrights in the group begin telling their versions of this story, one being comic and one tragic.'] ['{{Plot}} Austin Powers  is still enjoying his honeymoon with his wife—the former Vanessa Kensington . Unfortunately, something goes amiss, and it turns out that she is actually one of Dr. Evil’s kamikaze fembots who attempts to kill Austin after being malfunctioned by Austin\'s T.V. remote, but eventually self-destructs. He grieves briefly, but then proceeds to the lobby naked and celebrates being single again. . Meanwhile NATO’s monitoring facility in Guam observes the return of Dr. Evil  and informs British intelligence. At Dr. Evil’s Seattle headquarters, Dr. Evil is presented with a one-eighth-size clone of himself  whom he calls Mini-Me. Dr. Evil unveils his latest evil plan—he has developed a "time machine" to go back to the sixties and steal Austin’s mojo, a fluid inside his testicles which is the source of Austin\'s incredible sexual prowess and appeal. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me go back to 1969 and meet up with a younger Number Two  and  Frau Farbissina . A disgruntled “Scottish Guard” with unusual eating habits called Fat Bastard  has been hired to extract Austin’s mojo from his frozen body at the Ministry of Defence Cryo Chamber. British intelligence warns Austin that one of Dr Evil’s agents is after him, and during a photo shoot the wanton Ivana Humpalot  seduces him, but at the last moment she admits to her orders and claims he is too sexy for her to go through with killing him. They then proceed to have sex in his bed. Unfortunately they do not get far before he discovers that he has lost his mojo, and is therefore impotent. The MOD learns that Dr. Evil has developed a time machine and sends Austin back to 1969 with its own time travel device, in a convertible Volkswagen New Beetle painted with 1960s LSD-themed colours. Austin arrives back at a party in his London pad and with the assistance of a CIA agent, Felicity Shagwell , escapes another assassination attempt by two of Dr. Evil’s operatives. However, the two of them are chased by Mustafa , yet another of Dr. Evil\'s henchmen, and when caught he reveals the existence of a secret volcano lair , but is prevented from divulging its location because of Mini-Me shooting him in the neck with a dart. After examining photographs from the crime scene at MOD headquarters, Austin identifies Fat Bastard as the perpetrator of the theft of his mojo. At Dr. Evil’s secret volcano lair, Fat Bastard arrives with Austin’s mojo. Dr. Evil drinks some of it and engages in some “private time” with Frau Farbissina. This results in an awkward “sometime after” situation when Frau reveals that she is “late.” However, at the same moment Scott , Dr. Evil\'s son, arrives through the time portal. Dr. Evil announces his latest plan: to hold the United States — and the whole world — ransom by threatening to destroy Washington D.C., and then additional major cities each hour, using a giant "laser" on the moon. In London, Austin and Felicity get to know each other, and when Felicity tries to have sex with Austin, he regretfully turns her down because of his lost mojo. Under MOD instructions to implant a homing device into Fat Bastard, Felicity seduces him, allowing her to plant it in his buttocks. Unfortunately, Fat Bastard forces it out of his bowels into a Paddington Station toilet, but a stool sample  from the scene is analyzed to reveal traces of a rare vegetable that only grows on one Caribbean island. Austin and Felicity arrive on the island, but are immediately apprehended. They are put in a cell with a single guard who is overcome when Felicity shows off her breasts. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me leave for the moon to install the giant laser and are followed by Austin and Felicity, who hitch a ride on Apollo 11. In Dr. Evil’s moon base, Austin battles with Mini-Me, eventually flushing him into space. As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him a choice: save Felicity or the world. Felicity is locked in a chamber with poison gas. She tells him to save the world and he succeeds in doing so by kicking Frau, diverting it and saving Washington D.C. Unfortunately, Felicity is killed by the poison gas. He chases Dr. Evil and shoots him in the leg. Before Austin kills him however, Dr. Evil tells him he could use the "time machine" to go back in time to save Felicity and the world. Austin does and travels backwards ten minutes and meets up with himself to save both the world and Felicity. Foiled again, Dr. Evil initiates the self-destruction mechanism of the moon base and escapes in his rocket after throwing the bottle of Austin\'s mojo in the air. Both Austins try to catch it but bump into each other and it crashes on the floor, destroying his mojo. However, Felicity points out that all the things he has done show that he never really lost his mojo in the first place. With seconds to spare they escape through the time portal back to 1999. Back at Austin\'s Pad, Fat Bastard makes another attempt to assassinate Austin, but Felicity distracts him by asking him is he happy. After an emotional moment, he is snapped back into reality and Felicity disarms him and kicks him in the "Mommy and Daddy Button". Afterwards, they  have a party. Meanwhile, Dr. Evil recovers Mini-Me from space and once again vows to "get" Austin Powers. Later, on Jerry Springer, Scott learns he was not created in a test tube but is actually the love child of Dr. Evil and Frau Farbissina. During the credits, Austin is seen returning to his pad, only to hear Felicity having sex with another man. When he enters the room, he discovers that it is in fact the past Austin, who makes the claim that since he and Austin are the same person, it\'s not cheating. Austin, of course, forgives Felicity  As he discovers he\'s got his mojo back, both Austins then make their move on Felicity as the clip fades to the credits.'] [' A man  is a prisoner in the aftermath of the Third World War, in a destroyed, post-apocalyptic Paris where survivors live underground in the Palais de Chaillot galleries. Scientists research time travel, hoping to send test subjects to different time periods "to call past and future to the rescue of the present". They have difficulty finding subjects who can mentally withstand the shock of time travel, but eventually settle upon the prisoner, whose key to the past is a vague but obsessive memory, from his pre-war childhood, of a woman  he had seen on the observation platform  at Orly Airport shortly before witnessing a startling incident there. He had not understood exactly what happened, but knew he had seen a man die. After several attempts, he reaches the pre-war period. He meets the woman from his memory, and they develop a romantic relationship. After his successful passages to the past, the experimenters attempt to send him into the far future. In a brief meeting with the technologically advanced people of the future, he is given a power unit sufficient to regenerate his own destroyed society. Upon his return, with his mission accomplished, he discerns that he is to be executed by his jailers. He is contacted by the people of the future, who offer to help him escape to their time permanently, but he asks instead to be returned to the pre-war time of his childhood, hoping to find the woman again. He is returned and does find her, on the jetty at the airport. However, as he rushes to her, he notices an agent of his jailers who has followed him and realises the agent is about to kill him. In his final moments, he comes to understand that the incident which he witnessed as a child, which has haunted him for his entire life, was his own death.'] ["After returning from a scouting mission in a time machine, the Mandroid gives a Roman Centurion shield to his master Abbot Reeves. Reeves orders the Mandroid dismantled , but Reeves' assistant Takada tries to help the Mandroid escape Reeves. Although Takada dies in the escape attempt, he tells the Mandroid to seek Col. Hunter for help in stopping Reeves from enacting an evil plan. In the U.S., the Mandroid finds scientist Col. Nora Hunter and reveals himself to her. She believed Reeves to be dead and recognizes her designs for a Mars probe in the Mandroid. She repairs damage done to the Mandroid in his escape. The Mandroid plans to return and stop Reeves' evil plans  and Nora insists on accompanying him as his mechanic. She also brings along S.P.O.T., a small flying scout robot of her own design. Arriving in South America, Nora hires the best river boat captain she can find in a seedy bar, one Harry Fontana, and they head down a river. After running afoul of rival riverboat captains and Reeves' men, they end up finding the Mandroid's crashed plane after an encounter with a tribe of cavemen brought to this time by Reeves' time travel experiments. They also meet Kuji, the ninja son of Doctor Takada, who has come to find his father. The Mandroid informs him that his father is dead, killed by Reeves. He joins the group, which then storms Reeves' headquarters, only to be captured by Reeves, now a cyborg himself, more advanced than the Mandroid, whose body is designed to look like Roman armor. Reeves plans to travel back to ancient Rome and become the new Caesar."] ['On January 5, 1900, four friends arrive for a dinner at a house located near London, but their host, H. George Wells, is absent. As requested, they begin without him, but then George staggers in, exhausted and disheveled. He begins to recount his adventures since they last met on New Year\'s Eve, 1899. A week earlier, George discusses time as "the fourth dimension" with friends, among them David Filby  and Dr. Philip Hillyer ([[Sebastian Cabot . He shows them a tiny machine that he claims can travel in time, stating that a larger version can carry a man "into the past or the future". When activated, the device blurs and disappears. Most of his friends dismiss it as a trick, but after the others have gone, Filby warns George to destroy the machine. They agree to meet again next Friday with the others. George uses the Time Machine to travel to the future. He first leaves the machine on September 13, 1917, where he meets James Filby , whom he mistakes for his father, David. James informs George that his father had "died in the war", and that the United Kingdom has been at war with Germany since 1914. He tells him that an inventor lived across the road who disappeared around the turn of the century. George then travels to June 19, 1940, into the midst of "a new war", which he briefly stops in as his machine is buffeted from side to side. George\'s next stop is August 19, 1966, in a futuristic metropolis. He is puzzled to see people hurrying into a fallout shelter amid the blare of air raid sirens. An older James Filby tells him to get into the shelter. James spots an atomic satellite zeroing in and flees into the shelter. A nuclear explosion causes a volcano to erupt. Civilization is destroyed in a nuclear holocaust. George restarts the machine just in time to avoid being incinerated, but lava covers the machine, then cools and hardens, forcing him to travel far into the future until it erodes away. He stops the machine on October 12,October 12, 1492 was the date on which Columbus landed in \'the new world\'. 802,701, next to a low building with a large sphinx on top. George explores, and spots young people by a river. A woman is drowning, but the others are indifferent. George rescues her, but is surprised by her lack of gratitude or other emotion. She calls herself Weena  and her people the Eloi. Outraged by the Elois\' apathy and lack of ambition, George returns to where he had left his time machine, to find that it has been dragged into the sphinx-building, behind locked metal doors. Weena follows George and insists they go back, for fear of "Morlocks" at night. A monster jumps out of the bushes and tries to drag Weena off, but George rescues her and wards the beast off with fire. Weena informs him that the hideous creature was one of the Morlocks. The next day, Weena shows George what appear to be domed well-like air-shafts in the ground. She then takes him to an ancient museum, where "talking rings" tell of a centuries-long nuclear war/holocaust. One group of survivors remained underground in the shelters and evolved into the Morlocks, while the other group, which became the Eloi, returned to the surface. George starts climbing down a shaft, but turns back when a siren begins blaring from atop the sphinx-building. Weena and the rest of the Eloi enter a trance-like state, and complacently file through the now-open doors of the building. When the siren stops, the doors close, trapping Weena and others inside. To rescue Weena, George climbs down a shaft and enters the subterranean caverns and is horrified to discover that the Eloi are little more than free range livestock to the Morlocks, who raise and cannibalise them. He fights the Morlocks with the help of the Eloi, who prove to be not completely helpless, then escapes with them up the shafts to safety. Under his direction, they drop dry dead tree branches into the shafts to feed the fire. The entire area caves in, crushing and suffocating most of the Morlocks below. The next morning, George finds the sphinx-building in charred ruins and the doors to the building open again, with his time machine sitting just inside the entrance. He goes to retrieve his machine, but the doors close behind him and he is attacked by the remaining Morlocks. He uses the time machine to escape back to January 5, 1900. George\'s friends scoff at his story and leave; only Filby believes him. George leaves again in the time machine.'] ['Jamal Walker  is an everyday slacker with a job at a crummy theme park called Medieval World, which is about to receive big competition from another theme park, Castle World. While cleaning a moat surrounding the park, he finds a medallion in the moat and when he tries to retrieve it he gets sucked into the past. He awakes in an alternate universe version of England, 1328, where he is first met by a drunkard named Knolte. He then searches for Medieval World, but he finds a castle that he thinks is Castle World, so he decides to check it out. The tenants of the castle believe him to be a French Moor, from Normandy, because he tells them he is from Florence and Normandie, a famous intersection in South Central Los Angeles. Jamal is soon taken in by the reigning king, King Leo ([[Kevin Conway . He is assumed to be a messenger from Normandy who the king believes to be bringing news of an alliance between England and Normandy. Although at first Jamal thinks that all the people around him are just actors in a theme park he changes his mind when he witnesses a beheading. He gives his name as Jamal "Sky" Walker after his high school basketball nickname, and, after gaining trust from the king by accidentally preventing his assassination, Jamal is made a lord and head of security. While all of this is going on, Jamal finds out about the ruthless way the king came to power by overthrowing the former queen. He learns from Victoria , a chambermaid, and Sir Knolte , a former knight of the queen who has become an alcoholic and whom he met when he first awoke there. Through their help and his own realization of the situation, Jamal soon understands he must help overthrow King Leo and help restore the queen to her throne. He manages to convince decimated rebels to gather their forces and overthrow the king. After the Queen\'s reign is restored, Jamal is knighted by her and during the dubbing he awakes back at Medieval World surrounded by his co-workers and a medical team who saved him from drowning in the moat. After being saved Jamal\'s whole attitude changes and he helps his boss to make Medieval World better so that Castle World will not run them out of business. Later on, Jamal takes a walk around the new Medieval World and he meets a woman named Nicole  who looks just like Victoria. They talk a little and he asks her out to lunch. Unfortunately, Jamal forgets to get Nicole\'s number and when he tries to catch up to her, he accidentally falls back into the moat, and wakes up in Ancient Rome, where he is about to be devoured by lions.'] ["Summer Time Machine Blues is based around a group of friends in a science-fiction club who spend their days fooling around at the clubhouse. The boys play a game of baseball as their friend Yui Ito takes pictures of them nearby. After the game, the boys return to the clubhouse and head off to the bathhouse leaving the girls, Yui and Haruka to develop their pictures. While they bathe, Niimi gets angry because he thinks someone stole his Vidal Sassoon shampoo. On their way back, Takuma decides to sneak off to buy tickets at the theater for a sci-fi B movie. He hopes that he can ask Haruka out. But when he returns to the clubhouse, his friends act very strangely as to where he has been. They make him explain what happened, but through a series of chain events, Daigo accidentally spills Coke all over the air-conditioner remote control after being hit in the face. Everyone rushes to try to clean the remote off, but it's too late. The remote is broken and they cannot turn on the air-conditioner. This immediately becomes a problem as the day becomes hotter. The remote apparently cannot be repaired as it is too old, so the boys give it to their club advisor to try to fix. They look for a fan in the meantime but only find broken ones. Back at the clubhouse, the boys discover a strange boy in the room who hurriedly escapes, leaving behind some sort of machine. They fool around discovering that it is a time machine. The boys decide to travel to the past to steal the remote control before it was broken and bring it back to the present. But as soon as they step back one day, they run into problems beyond their control."] ['A British ghostly haunting story spanning two worlds, two centuries apart. In 1945, at the end of World War II, 13-year-old Tolly finds he can travel mysteriously between the present and 1805 and he begins an adventure that unlocks family secrets laid buried for generations.'] ['Teenager Karen Braden  is a troubled mental hospital outpatient who is taken by her father George and sister Isa to a government facility near the Craters of the Moon lava fields in Idaho. The project there was commissioned to develop matter transference, but made a different discovery: time travel. They also discovered that a mysterious ecological catastrophe will soon wipe out civilization. The time travel process has negative health effects, though. Adults "not much older than 20" are unable to survive for long, as their kidneys hemorrhage shortly after the experience. So the scientists decide to only send young people 56 years into the future so they can build a new civilization. After the government takes over the project, the transfer machines are turned off, trapping a large number of project members in the future. Now trapped, they begin exploring the future world.'] ["Bertille  is an old woman who lives in the countryside. Her relatives reunite there with her as she is about selling the property. They don't take long to out their true intentions which are merely material on her estate. Also, Bertille is afflicted by her youngest son who has been in prison for a decade."] ['After miraculously recovering from a bullet wound to the head, Gulf War veteran Jack Starks  returns to Vermont in 1992, suffering from periods of amnesia. While walking, he sees a young girl, Jackie , and her mother  in despair beside their broken-down truck. Starks and Jackie quickly form a certain affinity; she asks him to give her his dogtags and he does so. He gets the truck started for them and continues on his way. Shortly after, a man driving along the same highway gives Jack a ride and they get pulled over by a policeman. The scene changes: Starks is found lying on the deserted roadside near the dead policeman, with a slug from the policeman\'s gun in his body. The murder weapon is on the ground nearby. Although he testifies there was someone else at the scene, he is not believed because of his amnesia. Starks is found not guilty by reason of insanity and is incarcerated in a mental institution. Starks is subjected to the experiments of Dr. Thomas Becker , a psychiatrist. In December 1992 Starks is injected with experimental drugs, forcibly bound in a straitjacket and then placed inside a morgue drawer as a form of sensory deprivation. While in this condition, he is somehow able to travel 15 years into the future and stay there for a short time. He meets an older version of Jackie  at a roadside diner where she works. This happens because it is the only memory he can ever fully hold on to. Seeing him standing forlornly, she takes pity on him and offers him shelter, just for the night. While in her apartment, Starks comes across his own dogtags and questions her. Jackie tells him that Jack Starks died on 1 January 1993 and so he cannot possibly be who he says he is. She becomes upset and asks him to leave. Subsequently, Starks is transported back to the future on several occasions in the course of his treatment and, after earning her trust, they try to figure out how to make use of the time-travelling so as to remove Jack from the hospital and save his life. Early on 1 January 1993, knowing his time is fast running out, Starks slips out of the hospital and travels to the home of Jackie and her mother. He gives the mother a letter he has written. The letter outlines Jackie\'s bleak future and warns the mother that she is fated to orphan Jackie when she falls asleep with a cigarette and is burned to death. When he returns to the hospital, Starks slips on ice and hits his head; bleeding profusely, he convinces two hospital doctors, who are sympathetic to him, to put him into the jacket one last time. Starks returns to 2007, where he finds that his letter has made all the difference. Jackie now has a better life than in the previous version of 2007 - no longer a waitress, she\'s dressed in a nurse\'s uniform and has a noticeably more cheerful outlook. They reprise their first 2007 meeting: she sees Starks standing in the snow and initially drives past him, but backs up when she notices his head wound. She stops and offers to take him to the hospital where she works. While they are in the car, Jackie receives a call from her mother — still alive and well. They drive on, the screen fades to white, and a voice-over reveals that the link to the "previous" future is not lost when Jackie says "How much time do we have?", a question she has asked him before. As the credits start to roll, the answer to the question is given by the words of the song: "We have all the time in the world".'] ['The film opens with a mysterious man, later referred to as "Byron" , running down a canyon, being harassed by an aircraft. Byron takes refuge from his pursuers on a precipice overlooking the canyon. The plane lands and its occupants, two obsessive law enforcement officers named Will Tasker and Belitski , chase the man on foot. They shoot the fugitive through the arm with a grappling hook. The fugitive looks at his arm, but does not seem injured, only intrigued. Tasker pulls on the rope now connected to the fugitive. He tumbles down the side of the canyon, but once again is not harmed. Immediately after his fall, the fugitive recites the words of famous World War II aviator and poet John Gillespie Magee, Jr., "I have slipped the surly bonds of Earth - put out my hand and touched the Face of God.", from the poem High Flight. They take the man prisoner and fly to a busy civilian airstrip  where he stands beside them, handcuffed, as they eat in the airstrip\'s diner. A roguish young wanderer and hustler, Matt Owens , makes a pass at Belitski and she nearly breaks his arm. Owens tries to sell contraband grenades to Tasker. It is then revealed that Tasker and Belitski are part of the remnants of a law enforcement agency, trying to keep the peace in what is left of society. Byron is wanted for murder, and they are bringing him to justice. Tasker seizes Owens\' weapons. Later, as the cops are preparing to leave, Owens forces them to give up Byron and flees in his own plane, but not before Belitski shoots him with a dart, both poisoning him and planting a tracking device in his body. Owens then flies off "downstream", planning to turn Byron in to the authorities for a reward. Belitski and Tasker are in hot pursuit. Owens and Byron land at the home of a cult of people that worship the Slipstream and have recently been under attack by bandits. After Byron heals a boy who was born blind, Owens knows that he is more than what he appears to be. It is then revealed by Byron that he is an android. When the wind cult finds out about Byron\'s abilities, they tie him to a massive kite, and let the wind decide what to do with him. The bounty hunters arrive in the middle of a windstorm, and Belitski and Owens are forced to work together to get Byron down. Belitski then allows Byron and Owens to get away , along with another visitor to the valley, a woman Ariel who has become very attached to Byron. Ariel takes them to her home. She grew up with a group of hedonists, who inhabit an underground museum. Byron and Ariel develop feelings for each other and spend the night holding each other among an African Savannah exhibit. Owens gets drunk and has a one-night stand with a sexy, but depressed local girl. Later that night, Owens and Byron have a heartfelt talk, in which Byron explains more of his past, that the man he killed was his master, although an educated man, Byron was little more than a slave to him and in killing him, he freed both of them. Byron also excitedly tells Matt that he actually slept for the first time had a dream. In fact, he was more excited about that than having sex, showing his innocence. And he dreamt the special place he was heading, to which Owens is won over and tells Byron he is cutting him loose and setting him free, and that he is now able to make his own decisions and find his own way in life. Byron is overwhelmed and unsure what to do with his new found freedom and asks Matt is he free to stay as well, to which Matt says yes and Byron whoops for joy. Meanwhile the committee elders debate on what to do with the outsiders, as they do not wish for more outsiders to come in their wake. Indeed they do. Tasker and Belitski track the trio to the museum, which they storm. They kill the gate guards and some of its inhabitants. Tasker, after bashing the curator, forces the rest to seek out Byron. Byron and Owens  are taken by surprise; Byron is seized and Owens floored. They leave and Belitski faces him holding a gun. Shooting him in the chest Owens punches her, almost knocking her out, but when she explains it was the antidote to the poison he realises his mistake. Instead of killing her, he handcuffs her to a bed while he sets off after Tasker with Belitski\'s shotgun. The two do however flirt a little, although Belitski still resists his advances. In the lobby. Owens gets the drop on Tasker, but his aim is poor and his first shot goes wide. Byron will not let Owens kill Tasker and stands in his way as Owens shoots. Tasker then shoots Owens in the shoulder. Ariel does not want a shootout, but picks up a gun near her to protect Byron and fires at Tasker. Tasker shoots and kills her. Tasker, for the first time, when he sees Byron\'s reaction regrets his action, but it is too late as Byron cradles Ariel as she dies in his arms. Byron finally lets go of his passive nature and sets out to kill Tasker. Tasker now knows he is in trouble. Matt warns Byron that he will lose if he goes after Tasker and Byron says "I already have." Tasker now has a grieving, vengeful and almost invincible android after him, no longer passive and subservient, and having made it back to his plane retrieves an assault rifle and shoots at Byron, to no effect. Tasker tries to flee in his plane, which Byron manages to jump and hold onto, and then smash his way inside. Eventually, Byron relents to actually committing murder, using his free will for good and forgiveness, and attempts to control the plane with wires as the steering column was damaged in the altercation. However, Byron is unable to fully control the plane, and as it banks it just clips a mountain top which causes it to crash in a fiery ball of flame. Tasker\'s second last words are that of John Gillespie Magee, Jr., "I have put out my hand and touched the Face of God," the same poem which Byron first recited to him, and is relieved that he believes at first that they will make it. Tasker is killed in the crash, but Byron, being an android, is blackened and burned but otherwise unharmed. He relents his anger and returns to the museum to find that Belitski and Owens have developed a budding romance. The film ends on a sanguine note. Byron hikes off by himself to look for some of his own kind he knows is far West, at the ends of the ocean, high up above the canyons, at the far ends of the slipstream, while Owens and Belitski leave to open their own airstrip with Matt\'s dream of the hot air balloons, filling the sky.'] ["By the year 2176, a magnetic storm has degaussed all recorded history, causing such valuable documents as the U.S. Constitution and the Declaration of Independence to be lost. Three time-travelers  are sent back to July 4, 1776, to retrieve America's heritage, but due to an unnoticed time machine malfunction, end up in 1976 instead, during the United States Bicentennial. While pursuing their mission, the time travelers dress in period costume , and experience est, The Sexual Revolution, Pop Rocks, Disco, long gas lines, the AMC Pacer and even drug paraphernalia shops. They are in turn pursued by Rodney Snodgrass , a science whiz and UFO buff, who thinks they are aliens, and plans to use them to win the Bicentennial Science Fair prize at his high school. His self-absorbed, disco-dancing brother, Eddie Trojan , pursues Chanel-6 for his own pleasure. Both are foiled by two dimwitted but good-hearted teenage friends, Tommy Sears and Chris Johnson , who help the time travelers repair their craft and return to 2176, with their 1970s artifacts and a copy of the Constitution, printed on a shirt which was bought from an est seminar attendee ."] ['United States Navy sailors David Herdeg and Jim Parker are assigned to the destroyer escort USS Eldridge during a project to make it invisible to radar. The ship is in Philadelphia harbor, filled with equipment from a team led by Dr. James Longstreet. During the experiment the equipment begins malfunctioning and crewmen are suffering throughout the ship. Jim tries to turn off the equipment at the main switch but receives an electric shock. Unable to do anything, the two men jump overboard. They fly through a time vortex instead of landing in the harbor. Observers simply see the ship disappear. David and Jim land in the middle of a small town  and are caught in a helicopter spotlight. They run and climb over a tall fence. After making their way through the desert at night, they find a highway. David picks up an empty bottle of German beer and Jim finds an aluminum Coca Cola can, marveling at its lightness. David identifies the rusted remains of a 1930s Chevrolet, and they follow the highway to a diner. Learning that they are in Nevada, David makes a phone call while Jim is intrigued by the television. He is feeling the side effects from his electric shock. There is also a mysterious electric storm affecting the area as well as Jim. David is waiting to use the phone while a young woman, Allison Hayes, is talking to someone about a job interview. She is upset that the job she was driving to interview for had already been filled by another applicant. Jim inadvertently electrocutes an arcade game and the upset diner owner grabs a revolver, demanding Jim pay for the damages. David grabs the gun and the men run, taking Allison\'s 1976 Ford Torino. Since he is unfamiliar with the car\'s automatic transmission, he takes Allison as a hostage and driver. They escape the diner and start quizzing Allison, finding out it is 1984. Most importantly, they ask who won the war. They reach a city, where Jim and David are shocked by modern society. The police catch them and Jim is hospitalized. David and Allison speak with the doctor. David explains their time travel, assuming it is a common modern occurrence, but realizes the doctor doesn\'t believe him. Jim eventually dissolves in a sizzle of plasma-like energy. David and Allison then evade Naval Security, who have arrived to take David into custody. At a motel they call Jim\'s family, who live in California on a ranch. David hears a familiar voice and hangs up, becoming despondent and angry; Allison is ready to leave him when he convinces her he needs her help. He sees President Ronald Reagan in a news conference and wonders if it is a movie. The next day they drive to California. They reach the Parker ranch and knock. Jim\'s 1943 girlfriend Pamela recognizes David. She says Jim came back and was hospitalized for telling the truth about what happened. David asks about himself and finds out he never came back. A lot of the men on the Eldridge were burned and many died. David sees Jim in the distance riding a horse, but Jim refuses to look at David. David and Allison see military police approaching, but after hiding David sneaks into their car and extracts documentation to find out what the military wants. Dr. Longstreet has been investigating a mystery at the Nevada military base. A town has disappeared, but a piece of the Eldridge is found in the desert. They fire a camera probe into the vortex in the sky. Before the signal is cut off, the camera shows the "town" and the Eldridge. David is able to get back onto the base the two men landed in the day before. Dr. Longstreet is there and tells the guards to let David in and shows him the situation. David realizes that Longstreet is still experimenting with the same concept, this time to protect a "town" from ICBM attack. The same problem happens, but although they shut down their generators, the "town" did not reappear. Longstreet theorizes there is still a generator running somewhere in hyperspace on the Eldridge. According to history, the Eldridge reappeared when David shut down the generator. Longstreet says that unless the vortex is closed it will destroy the Earth. David must go through the vortex and return to the Eldridge. Allison urges David not to do it, but he volunteers and is outfitted in an astronaut-type suit to protect him. He is driven out and catapulted into the vortex. David lands on the deck of the Eldridge where he finds the crew in agony, some fused into the ship\'s hull. He hurries to the generator room and begins smashing equipment. The generator shuts down and David looks for Jim. Assured that he is fine, David jumps over the side of the ship and disappears. The Eldridge reappears in Philadelphia harbor. Forty-one years later, the "town" reappears. Allison steals a jeep to drive to it. She calls out and David reappears, proclaiming, "the way I see it, the Navy owes me 40 years back pay."'] ["Jack's back for one more round with the Trancers. Jack Deth must attempt to find his way home from the other-dimensional world of Orpheus, where magic works and the Trancers were the ruling class . Unfortunately, Jack's quest to find the mystical Tiamond in the Castle of Unrelenting Terror may be thwarted by the return of Caliban, king of the Trancers and once thought dead."] ['On October 2, 1988, Donnie Darko , a troubled teenager living in Middlesex, Virginia, is awakened and led outside by a figure in a monstrous rabbit costume, who introduces himself as "Frank" and tells him the world will end in 28 days, 6 hours, 42 minutes and 12 seconds. At dawn, Donnie awakens on a golf course and returns home to find a jet engine has crashed into his bedroom. His older sister, Elizabeth , informs him the FAA investigators don\'t know where it came from. Donnie tells his psychotherapist Dr. Thurman  about his continuing visits from Frank. Acting under Frank\'s influence, he floods his school by damaging a water main. He also begins dating new student Gretchen Ross , who has moved to town with her mother under a new identity to escape her violent stepfather. Conservative gym teacher Kitty Farmer  blames the flooding on the influence of the short story "The Destructors", assigned by English teacher Karen Pomeroy , and begins teaching attitude lessons taken from motivational speaker Jim Cunningham . Donnie rebels against these lessons, leading to friction between Kitty and Donnie\'s mother Rose . Donnie asks his science teacher Dr. Monnitoff  about time travel after Frank brings up the topic, and is given the book The Philosophy of Time Travel, written by Roberta Sparrow , a former science teacher at the school who is now a seemingly senile old woman. Dr. Thurman tells Donnie\'s parents that he is detached from reality, and that his visions of Frank are hallucinations, symptomatic of paranoid schizophrenia. Donnie disrupts a speech being given by Jim Cunningham by insulting him in front of the student body, then burns down Cunningham\'s house on instructions from Frank. When police find evidence of a child pornography operation in the house\'s remains, Cunningham is arrested. During a hypnotherapy session, Donnie confesses his crimes to Dr. Thurman and says that Frank will soon kill someone. Rose agrees to replace Kitty as chaperone for her daughter Samantha\'s  dance troupe in Los Angeles, so Kitty can testify in Cunningham\'s defense; with her husband Eddie  in New York on business, her older children are home alone. Donnie and Elizabeth take the opportunity to throw a Halloween party to celebrate her acceptance to Harvard University. Gretchen arrives, distraught that her mother has disappeared. Realizing that only hours remain before Frank\'s prophesied end of the world, Donnie takes Gretchen and two friends to seek Roberta Sparrow at her house. They are attacked by two school bullies  who are attempting to rob Sparrow\'s house, and the fight spills into the street. An oncoming car swerves to avoid Sparrow but runs over Gretchen, killing her. The driver is Elizabeth\'s boyfriend Frank , wearing the same rabbit costume as the Frank of Donnie\'s visions. Donnie shoots him with his father\'s gun. As a vortex forms in dark clouds above his house, Donnie drives into the hills and watches as an airplane descends above. The plane, carrying Rose and the dance troupe, is wrenched violently as one of its engines detaches and falls into the vortex. Events of the previous 28 days recapitulate in reverse order and action, until Donnie finds himself in bed on the morning of October 2. The jet engine crashes through his room, killing him. Others with whom Donnie had interacted in the 28 days awaken, some looking disturbed. Gretchen rides by Donnie\'s house and learns of his death from a neighbourhood boy , but says she did not know him.'] ['A small family relocates to the Sonoran Desert, to be closer to the grandparents of the family. Though there are news reports of a spectacular triple supernova, and the young granddaughter has seen a glowing alien construction behind the barn, the family is at ease until, one night, a UFO soars over head and appears to land in the nearby hills. Apparently, the triple supernova has opened a rift in space and time. The family finds that their electrical appliances no longer function, and the youngest daughter of the family has a telepathic encounter with an extraterrestrial. The grandmother, too, sees one of these diminutive creatures beckoning to her, but it soon vanishes. The grandfather, while trying to start the car, sees that a strange animal is approaching from the distance. The grandfather goes back inside and informs the family that something is coming; before long, a variety of horrific, alien monsters  are proceeding to slaughter each other outside the house; some are trying to break in  and kill the family. After a few moments, the same UFO from before appears in the sky, and teleports the creatures to a different place. The family take this opportunity to escape to the barn, which is more easily defensible than the house. The family become separated from one another and each hides until sunrise, where they find that they have been launched thousands of years into the future. They meet up with the daughter, who had become separated from the family during one of the time-warp events. She knows, somehow, that everything is going to be fine now. After walking across the desert, they finally see a domed city in the distance, and decide to seek refuge there. The grandfather proclaims that there must be a purpose to all of this. The family walks off into the distance, having survived the day time ended.'] ['In 2031, Dr. Buchanan and his team work to develop the ultimate weapon, an energy beam that will completely remove whatever it is aimed at. Buchanan hopes he can create a weapon so powerful that it will end all war and have the added benefit of no impact on the environment. Unfortunately, the prototype has unpredictable side effects, creating erratic global weather patterns and rifts in space and time that have caused some people to vanish. As he drives home from the testing facility, Buchanan himself is caught in one such rift. Buchanan and his car reappear in Switzerland in 1817. In a village, he meets Victor Frankenstein. The men discuss science over dinner and it is revealed that Frankenstein\'s young brother has been killed. A trial is to determine the guilt or innocence of the boy\'s nanny, who is suspected in the murder. Several villagers claim to have seen a monster in the woods and suggest this is the killer. Buchanan observes the trial and becomes interested in a young woman taking notes. She turns out to be Mary Shelley, author of the Frankenstein novel. Shelley gives credence to the talk of monsters, but the judge does not. The nanny is found guilty and sentenced to die at the gallows. Buchanan knows the monster killed the child. He implores Frankenstein to come forward and reveal the truth, but Frankenstein refuses. Buchanan then asks Shelley for help, telling her that he is from the future. They are attracted to each other, but Mary, fearing to know too much about the future and her own destiny, chooses not to become involved. Buchanan is on his own. He drives his car to Frankenstein\'s workshop and finds the doctor in discussion with the monster. The monster has killed Frankenstein\'s fiance, saying that if a mate was not made for him then he would deprive Frankenstein of his. Frankenstein asks Buchanan to use his knowledge of electricity to assist in resurrecting the dead woman. Buchanan instructs the monster to run cables to a weather vane on the roof. While the monster is distracted, Buchanan re-routes some of the electrical cables to begin powering up the prototype laser in his car. As the lightning strikes the tower again and again, the battery on the laser begins to charge and the corpse on the table begins to move. At the same moment, the woman is restored to life and Buchanan\'s energy beam is fully charged; he fires. The castle is destroyed. But the laser opens another space-time rift, sending Buchanan, Frankenstein and the two monsters far into the future. They land on a snowy mountain with no sign of civilization. Frankenstein and the monster both try to entice the woman to them, only to have her force Frankenstein to shoot and kill her. Enraged, the monster kills Frankenstein and trudges off into the snowstorm. Buchanan follows, hoping to kill the monster before he reaches a city and kills again. Eventually the monster is cornered in a cave filled with computers and machines. When Buchanan enters, the machines chirp to life and a voice says "Welcome back, Dr. Buchanan." The monster tells Buchanan that the cave is the central brain for the nearby city, the last one remaining after the world has been devastated by Buchanan\'s ultimate weapon. Buchanan engages security devices and the monster is burned to death by lasers. Buchanan makes his way to the nearby city through the snow. As he walks, the monster\'s voice is heard saying that he cannot truly be killed, for now he is "unbound."'] ['{{quality}} In the year 2055, time travel  is possible, but the process is dangerous and unpredictable. Charles Hatton  creates a "Time Safari" service, offering the opportunity for wealthy clients to travel to prehistoric days and hunt dinosaurs. The expedition, led by Travis Ryer , is set under very specific rules to avoid altering history: their targets are a set of dinosaurs that will imminently be killed by lava from an erupting volcano, frozen nitrogen bullets are used as ammo to leave no trace, and the party wears self-contained suits and told to stay on a floating path and to not touch anything. Further, all the guns are tied to Travis Ryer\'s weapon, and will not fire until he does so. The team is initially led by Travis Ryer, along with Jenny Krase, Payne, Clay Derris, Dr.Lucas. Their guests Alicia Wallenbeck and John Wallenbeck join the Expedition. When they successfully complete the expedition and return to the future, Charles Hatton organizes a Party to celebrate the success of the first expedition. The party is interrupted by Sonia Rand, who tosses red wine on Alicia, John and Charles. Sonia is one of the inventors of the time machine but voted against making it a business. She is later confronted by Travis and the two have a brief conversation in Sonia\'s Lab, Sonia explains to him the danger of using the time machine. During another trip while escorting clients Eckles  and Middleton , Ryer\'s gun fails as their target Allosaurus rushes the party. Ryer tells the tourists to take cover while he corrects the weapon in time to kill the Allosaurus. Ryer removes traces of their presence and quickly takes the tourists back to the present, unaware that Middleton has accidentally stepped off the path while taking cover. After the second expedition, Alicia sleeps with Travis. Then, news is aired on TV, which describes rapid changes in the environment, as Travis looks at a small plant that is now large and wild. On a subsequent trip to the same point in time with a different group, Ryer is shocked to find that events have changed as the Allosaurus is already dead and the volcano has erupted too soon. When Ryer returns to report this, "Time Safari" is immediately shut down by the federal agency that oversees time travel technology. Just as Ryer is in a taxi cab, the road collapses, leading some cars to go under it and people start panicking. Ryer seeks out Sonia Rand , the inventor of the time travel technology. Rand had long had reservations about "Time Safari", and worries that events will play out as she had predicted. Suddenly, the two feel themselves caught in a wave front, which Rand later identifies as a time wave that is a result of the changes in the past. It causes the vegetation and animal life in her greenhouse to grow rapidly and dangerously. They heard a woman screaming knocking at the door and Sonia opens it as they encounter a swarm of large type beetles. The woman falls dead on the floor. They panic, Travis gets the water hose and electrocutes the insects causing a large explosion, forcing the two to evacuate. Rand warns several more time waves can be expected, each affecting more advanced parts of life and, eventually, humans themselves. Returning to Time Safari, the federal agency works with Ryer and Hatton to send Ryer back to the past to try and correct it. Instead, Ryer appears in the American Southwest during the 18th century; he quickly returns to the present time as another time wave hits, it knocks down the power out from the building and leaving the city covered in dense vegetation.They decided to took over the events, the team\'s technician Payne  discovers that one of the tourists on the earlier expedition came back from the past one gram heavier. Though such discrepancies would have been found with the required "bio-filter" on their return, Hatton had paid off a federal agent to avoid the costly process. The small team including Travis, Sonia, Payne, Clay and Jenny head outside to find out what\'s going on, but Payne is bitten by a strange poisonous plant. As the group walks, they encounter an ape like dinosaur creature that attacks Clay but Travis saves him by shooting the creature. Just as they flee, a large group of creatures follow them and, since Payne is dying, he offers himself to the creatures so that the team can escape. They track down Eckles first and find a group of survivors barricading themselves in a building where Travis saves a man and his son in a grocery store from the ape-like creatures. They find Eckles but it seems he did not do anything. So they track down Middleton. As they entered the building they find a man with a gun, but Middleton shoots him and threatens to shoot Travis, but Travis shoots him. They confirm that Middleton had stepped off the path, crushing a butterfly and thus altered history. When another time wave completely severes power to the Time Safari time portal, the group realizes the only option is to travel to the nearby university to use its particle accelerator like a time machine to send someone back to intercept the original expedition and prevent Middleton from stepping off the path. Travis, Sonia, Jenny And Clay travel to the Main Laboratory, but just as they are on the road, bat like creatures attack them and kill Clay. As another time wave appears, the car loses control and hits a building. They get out and find that Charles and members of the crew are dead. They also find Dr. Lucas hiding. Travis convinces Dr. Lucas to come with them but he refuses. As soon as the team gets out, he changes his mind and follows them but is too late, the ape like creatures appear and kill him. The group then decides to use the underground railway because its safer, but to make matters worse it turned into a swamp. As they get inside a train, the ceiling of the tunnel collapses, flooding it and the three are trapped inside. The water floods the train and Travis decides to blow the window so they can escape. While they are escaping, a long dragon fish like creature appears and devours Jenny, forcing Travis and Sonia escape, but as they escape the creature grabs hold Travis and is ready to devour him. The ceiling of the tunnel then fully collapses trapping and killing the creature with the debris. Sonia helps Travis and they arrive at the University while the ape like creatures followed them. Sonia is able to make the modifications and send Ryer back in time just as a time wave hits, leaving her as catfish-like humanoid. In the prehistoric path, Ryer successfully intercepts the hunting party while handing over a video recording to Jenny, with the group returning immediately to the future, this future version of Ryer disappears. Back in the present, Travis confronts Charles to stop the expeditions, as Jenny gives him the video that future-Travis gave her and kisses present-Travis. Ryer watches the video tape by himself, and takes it to Rand. They agree that the video contains enough evidence to put an end to Time Safari.'] ['Physics teacher and amateur pilot Nick Miller  has finally completed his quest of enabling time travel, via a Commodore 64 and his small airplane. After being inspired by a television commercial for GenCorp, he uses a ruse to bring out both a GenCorp executive and a reporter from a local paper. To Nick\'s surprise, the reporter is Lisa Hansen , an old high school flame. One trip to 2041 later and Gencorp\'s executive, Matthew Paul , quickly arranges Nick a meeting with CEO J.K. Robertson . Impressed by the potential of time travel, Roberston offers Nick a licensing agreement on the technology. Later in the week, Nick and Lisa meet at the supermarket and go on a date to the 1950s. However, another trip to 2041 reveals that GenCorp abused Nick\'s time travel technology and accidentally destroyed the future. In an attempt to tell J.K. about how GenCorp inadvertently ruined the future. J.K. dismisses the eventuality, and states that there\'s enough time to worry about how to fix it before it happens. J.K. sees Nick as a threat to GenCorp, and due to the association with the U.S. Government, considers Nick\'s actions as treason. Nick and Lisa escape GenCorp and spend the remainder of the film trying to reverse the damage to the future. When J.K. catches wind of this, he and Matt try to shoot down Nick\'s plane, killing Lisa in the process while Nick jumps out before the plane crashed. This ultimately culminates in a fight in 1777 during the American Revolution, the deaths of the present Nick, Lisa, Matt, and Robertson, and the destruction of the time machine before the original demo, thus ensuring that the majority of the film\'s events never happen in the first place. The film ends with a past Nick  sabotaging his demonstration, and doing a pitch of how an elderly skydiver would be a better ad campaign for J.K.\'s company. Furious about being misled, J.K. fires Matt. Nick deletes the 8 5¼" floppy drives that contain how to travel through time. At the end of the film, Nick talks to Lisa in the supermarket as he did in the previous timeline.'] ['In 2286, a large cylindrical probe moves through space, sending out an indecipherable signal and disabling the power of starships it passes. As it takes up orbit around Earth, its signal disables the global power grid and generates planetary storms, creating catastrophic, sun-blocking cloud cover. Starfleet Command sends out a planetary distress call and warns starships not to approach Earth. On the planet Vulcan, the former officers of the USS Enterprise are living in exile . Accompanied by the Vulcan Spock, still recovering from his resurrection, the crew—except for Saavik, who remains on Vulcan—take their stolen Klingon Bird-of-Prey starship and head to Earth to face trial for their theft and destruction of the Enterprise. Hearing Starfleet\'s warning, Spock determines that the probe\'s signal matches the song of extinct humpback whales, and that the object will continue to wreak havoc until its call is answered. The crew uses their ship to travel back in time via a slingshot maneuver around the Sun, planning to return with a whale to answer the alien signal. Arriving in 1986, the crew finds the maneuver drained most of the Bird-of-Prey\'s power, leaving it with enough for only one day. Hiding their ship using its cloaking device in San Francisco\'s Golden Gate Park, the crew split up to accomplish their tasks. Admiral James T. Kirk and Spock attempt to locate humpback whales, while Montgomery Scott, Leonard McCoy and Hikaru Sulu construct a whale tank for the return trip. Uhura and Pavel Chekov are tasked to find a way to recharge the ship\'s dilithium crystals. Kirk and Spock discover a pair of whales—"George" and "Gracie"—in the care of Dr. Gillian Taylor at the Cetacean Institute in Sausalito, a museum dedicated to the study of whales, and learn they will soon be released into the wild. Kirk attempts to learn the tracking codes for the whales from Taylor, but she refuses to cooperate. Scott, McCoy, and Sulu trade the formula of transparent aluminum for the materials needed for the whale tank. Uhura and Chekov locate a nuclear-powered ship, and find it is the aircraft carrier Enterprise. While collecting some of its power for their ship, their presence is discovered. Uhura is beamed back but Chekov is severely injured in an escape attempt and captured. Kirk, McCoy and Taylor rescue him from a hospital and return to the now-recharged ship. Taylor learns the whales have been released early. She gives Kirk the tracking codes but insists on coming aboard the Bird-of-Prey. They approach George and Gracie, who are being hunted by whalers. Kirk scares away the whalers by decloaking the starship in front of them. After transporting the whales aboard the Bird-of-Prey, the crew return to the future with Taylor. On approaching Earth, the ship loses power and crashes into San Francisco Bay. Once released, the whales respond to the probe\'s signal, causing the object to revert its climatic effects on Earth and return to the depths of space. All charges against the Enterprise crew are dropped; however, as punishment for disobeying a superior officer , Kirk is demoted to the rank of Captain. The crew departs for their ship, the newly-christened USS Enterprise, and leaves on a new mission.'] ['December 2009}} While Elroy Jetson is busy working on a time machine , George is ordered to come to Mr. Spacely\'s office for a discussion. Cogswell has been stealing Mr. Spacely\'s business ideas under his nose; blaming George for the problem, Mr. Spacely orders George to go spy on Cogswell. Disguised as Cogswell\'s robot dog, Centro, George finds out that Cogswell\'s new robot computer, S.A.R.A., has been seducing the Spacely robot computer, R.U.D.I., into leaking Spacely\'s secrets to her. Upon finding this out, George tries to go tell Mr. Spacely, but R.U.D.I. won\'t let him. Thousands of years in the past and before Pebbles and Bamm Bamm are born, Wilma and Betty are trying to butter up Fred so that he\'ll agree to have their vacation in Honolurock. Fred, wise to their plan, ignores their advances and, while at the quarry, tells Barney that he plans to take the girls some place even better with the winnings he believes he will make at a poker game at the Water Buffalo Lodge that night. Mr. Slate, however, wants him and Barney to work a late shift , but they go to the poker game anyway, believing that Mr. Slate will never find out. But Mr. Slate is also at the poker game, so Fred tries disguising himself as a rich Texan . Unfortunately, thanks to a spider intervening on the game, not only does Fred lose to Mr. Slate, but he and Barney are soon exposed, and Mr. Slate fires them. Back in the future, Elroy finishes up his time machine. George doesn\'t believe it really works until Elroy uses it to send a girl he brought from Arabian times back to her own time. The Jetsons decide to use it to take a trip to the 25th century, with George wanting to get away from Mr. Spacely . Right before Elroy gets the machine working, Astro accidentally sets the switch to "Past". With no job, the Flintstones and Rubbles are forced to settle for a camping trip in the middle of nowhere , and without food as Dino has stowed away and eaten all the food they packed. Just as Fred and Barney are trying to set the tent up, the Jetsons show up in the time machine. At first, both sets of characters mistake the other for aliens until Fred and George eventually call out offering for peace. The families become fast friends , and Fred, amazed by George\'s expand-o-matic bag containing futuristic gadgets , decides to use the Jetsons\' things to help Mr. Slate win against Turk Tarpit at the company picnic the coming week. At the picnic, while Judy falls for a rock star named Iggy Sandstone, Fred introduces George to Mr. Slate, claiming him to be his distant cousin. Mr. Slate is reluctant at first to trust George, but since he is two points behind Tarpit, he accepts that he needs some help, especially with Tarpit\'s obvious cheating and the commentators constantly ridiculing him for "losing as usual", in exchange for giving Fred and Barney their jobs back with several advantages. When Tarpit cheats in the next event, which consists of throwing dinosaur shoes at a pole , George uses his magnetic boots to make Mr. Slate\'s shoes land on the neck and Tarpit\'s miss, thus making Mr. Slate the winner by default. The next event is a footrace over a vat of hot coal , and Fred enters for Mr. Slate, wearing George\'s anti-gravity belt. Despite falling over and burning his bottom, Fred manages to beat Tarpit and even Mr. Slate\'s score against Tarpit. Unfortunately, during the last event, which consists of catching a "pigosaurus" in the mud, Astro and Dino\'s continued chase scares the pigosaurus enough for it to jump in to Tarpit\'s hands, making Tarpit the winner of the picnic. Enraged, Mr. Slate goes back on the deal and fires Fred and Barney again. While Mr. Spacely continues to vent over his failing business, Henry and Rosie assemble a time machine retriever in order to bring the Jetsons back home. But just when they get it to work, the time machine does indeed return - but, due to a mishap, it ends up bringing the Flintstones and the Rubbles instead of the Jetsons. At first, Henry, Rosie, and Mac mistake the newcomers for the Jetsons, and so does Mr. Spacely. Upon seeing that they really are cavemen, Mr. Spacely introduces them to the press. Stuck in the past, George asks Mr. Slate for a job. Slate, still angry at George for the picnic accident refuses at first, but when Tarpit offers to make George famous himself, Slate immediately employs George, making him his partner. As a "flying man from out of this world" , George becomes famous, and this makes the family so rich that they buy ownership of several local Bedrock-area businesses, including George buying a whole car lot and half of downtown Bedrock, Jane possessing a clothing store and several beauty salons, and Judy becoming the manager for Iggy\'s band. Pretty soon, though, the Jetsons begin to experience great stress with their businesses. George cannot deal with the stress of owning so many businesses, Jane is not prepared for the pressure of owning so many clothing stores, and beauty salons, and to make matters worse, Judy goes through déjà vu when Iggy also leaves her for some groupies. Mr. Spacely makes Fred the spokesman for his company, but R.U.D.I. accidentally leaks this information to S.A.R.A. Just as Mr. Spacely is introducing Fred to some important investors, Cogswell shows up and introduces Barney, who was jealous of Fred for taking all of the glory, as his news spokesman, coaxing the businesspeople to him. Spacely is furious, and Fred becomes angry with Barney to the point where he actually throws Barney out of the window, although Barney survives the fall, and comes back asking him to throw him closer to the ground next time . Meanwhile, Rosie asks R.U.D.I. to help her and Henry try to fix up the time machine so that they can go find the Jetsons. S.A.R.A. shows up at this moment and demands R.U.D.I. to get rid of Rosie; upon Rosie walking out, R.U.D.I. agrees that he\'ll do whatever he can to get the Jetsons back. They eventually do get it to work , and, after mistakenly landing in the Middle Ages, Rosie arrives in the Stone Age and finds her family. Able to return home, the Jetsons do so , but not before Judy reconciles with Iggy and tells him goodbye. When Spacely sees Fred\'s ancient automobile, he decides to produce space-cars with an identical appearance. Cogswell tries to steal this information by sending Centro to take pictures , but Dino and Astro manage to stop the robot dog from escaping, and Fred and Barney become friends again . Spacely\'s new retro-style space-cars become an overnight smash . Judy is still feeling sad about Iggy, until she meets his descendant. George turns his partnership with Mr. Slate to Fred, giving him and Barney their jobs back. However, Elroy tells them that the time machine has taken such a beating that it\'s broken for good now. All ends well, though, because when Mr. Spacely gives the cavemen their original automobile back, they\'re able to return to the Stone Age due to having absorbed the time machine\'s quadrapotents . George and the others wave farewell to Fred, Wilma, Barney, Betty, and Dino as they vanish. The film ends with Fred screaming out his most famous catchphrase "Yabba Dabba Doo!"'] ['Peggy Sue Bodell  sets off for her 25-year high school reunion, albeit hesitantly, with her daughter, Beth , coming along as company. Peggy Sue has just separated from her former high school sweetheart, now husband, Charlie , and is wary of attending the reunion because of everyone questioning her about the absence of Charlie; they have been married since she became pregnant at the end of high school. Peggy Sue arrives at the reunion and is happy to reconnect with her old friends, Maddy  and Carol , and all start to comment on old high school memories and how times  have changed. Charlie unexpectedly arrives at the reunion, causing an awkward scene with Peggy Sue ignoring him. The awkwardness is ended when the event MC announces the reunion’s "king and queen." The king is Richard Norvik ([[Barry Miller , a former class geek turned multi-millionaire computer whiz. Peggy Sue is named the queen, but on arriving at the stage, she faints. When Peggy Sue awakens, she finds she’s gone back to the spring of 1960, her senior year of high school, having passed out after donating blood. Peggy at first believes she died at the reunion, but then comes to accept that she has gone back in time. She’s in shock to see old family members so young and to talk to relatives who have since died. She attends high school classes and meets with old  friends as well as their now-young boyfriends . Peggy answers simple questions with adult responses. For example, when her mother asks if she and Charlie had a fight, she replies yes—but about "house payments," talking about their future divorce. She also makes a get-rich-quick reference of going to England to discover The Beatles. Peggy is confused by this new/old world, but she’s fascinated to get to live high school all over again and say things she always wanted to say . She uses this opportunity to repair an estranged relationship with her younger sister, Nancy . One thing Peggy is not happy about is that she’s still dating Charlie. She breaks up with him and has a one-night stand with Michael Fitzsimmons ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor —the guy in school she always wished she’d slept with. Peggy Sue soon sees that this Charlie  is not the same as the adulterous Charlie she left in 1985 and Peggy starts to fall in love with him all over again, though the relationship still has its problems. Meanwhile, she contacts the young  Richard and asks for his advice on time travel. He seems to believe her as they discuss events and inventions that do not yet exist. Her inquiries into time travel lead to her grandfather, who agrees to try a strange séance ritual with his Masonic Lodge buddies to send her forward in time. Peggy is kidnapped by Charlie. He takes her to a greenhouse of sorts, while everybody at the Lodge thinks the ritual worked. He tells Peggy Sue that he loves her and gives her the locket she wore at the beginning of the film. Realizing that she cannot cheat fate, Peggy Sue kisses Charlie and they begin to make love, which would again lead to Peggy getting pregnant and marrying him. In the next moment, Peggy Sue is transported back to present day. Peggy Sue wakes up in a hospital, with Charlie at her side. However, the idea that she may have dreamed the entire ordeal is called into doubt when she sees that Michael has dedicated a book to her and their night together. Charlie, meanwhile, is deeply regretful of his adultery and tells Peggy Sue he wants her back. It seems there\'s hope for them possibly reconciling their differences when Peggy Sue looks at Charlie with new eyes and  says, "I\'d like to invite you over to your house for dinner on Sunday, with your kids. I\'ll make a strudel."'] ['During the prologue, a narrator  explains the story\'s premise: that in modern society, natural selection is indifferent toward intelligence, with the result that in the future, stupid people  will greatly outnumber the intelligent. As the story begins, Corporal Joe Bauers , a U.S. Army librarian, and a prostitute named Rita  are selected for a suspended animation experiment which is only supposed to last a year, but the experiment is forgotten when the officer in charge is imprisoned for having started a prostitution business of his own. Five hundred years later, when the average I.Q. has dropped to somewhere in the lower twenties, Joe and Rita\'s suspension chambers are unearthed by the collapse of an immense pile of garbage. Joe\'s suspension chamber smashes through the wall of the apartment of Frito Pendejo , who immediately throws him out for interrupting his favorite TV show, "Ow! My Balls!". Joe, suffering from a suspended animation hangover, makes his way to a hospital, where he discovers the year is 2505. He is arrested for not paying his hospital bill, and for not having a bar code tattoo. Frito turns out to be his trial lawyer, and is still mad about his broken apartment, so he makes sure that Joe is sent to jail. Meanwhile, Rita returns to her former profession. While imprisoned, Joe is renamed "Not Sure" by a faulty identity tattooing machine, and takes an I.Q. test, before easily outsmarting the prison guards and escaping. Joe returns to Frito\'s apartment to ask Frito whether a time machine exists to help him return to 2005. Frito claims to know of one, but agrees to help only after Joe promises to open a bank account under Frito\'s name in Joe\'s time, which will be worth billions of dollars by 2505. On the way to find the time machine, Joe and Frito find Rita. They arrive at a gigantic Costco store, where Frito thinks the time machine can be found. A scanner in the store identifies Joe as a fugitive by his tattoo. He is arrested again and taken to the White House to become Secretary of the Interior, on grounds that his I.Q. test identified him as the smartest man alive. In a speech, President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho  gives Joe the job of fixing the nation\'s food shortages, dust bowls, and crippled economy within a week. Joe discovers that the nation\'s crops are irrigated with a Gatorade-like sports drink named "Brawndo", whose eponymous parent corporation had earlier purchased the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and Federal Communications Commission. When Joe has it replaced with water, without visibly improving the crops, Brawndo\'s stock drops to zero and computers automatically lay off half the population, causing mass riots. Joe is sentenced to die in an unfairly-matched monster truck demolition derby featuring undefeated "Rehabilitation Officer" Beef Supreme ([[Andrew Wilson . Rita discovers that Joe\'s reintroduction of water to the soil has finally prompted vegetation in the fields, Frito shows the thriving crops on the stadium\'s display screen, and the President gives Joe a full pardon. The President names Joe Vice President. Joe and Rita find that the "time machine" is a wildly inaccurate history-themed amusement ride. Joe is subsequently elected to the presidency. Joe and Rita marry and conceive the world\'s three smartest children, while Frito, now Joe\'s Vice President, takes eight wives and fathers thirty-two of the world\'s stupidest children. After the credits, a third suspension vessel releases Rita\'s former pimp, Upgrayedd, to search the future city for Rita.'] ['Lewis is an aspiring young inventor at an orphanage whose inventions have been scaring off potential parents. He decides that his mother is the only one who truly loves him and works on a machine to scan his memory to locate her. Unfortunately, this keeps his roommate Michael "Goob" Yagoobian awake, which then causes Goob to fall asleep during an important Little League game. Taking his memory scanner to his school\'s science fair, Lewis meets Wilbur Robinson, a mysterious boy claiming to be a time cop from the future. Wilbur needs to recover a time machine that a man wearing a bowler hat has stolen. Lewis tries to demonstrate the scanner, but it falls apart, throwing the science fair into chaos. Upset, Lewis leaves while the Bowler Hat Guy, with the help of a robotic bowler hat named Doris, repairs and steals the scanner. Wilbur meets Lewis at the orphanage and asks him to repair the scanner. Lewis agrees to do so only if Wilbur can prove he is telling the truth, which Wilbur does by taking them to the year 2037 in a second time machine. When they arrive, however, Lewis says he can use the time machine instead of the scanner, and he and Wilbur get into an argument and crash. Wilbur then asks Lewis to fix the time machine, but Lewis has another condition: Wilbur has to take him to visit his mother afterward. Reluctantly, Wilbur agrees and hides Lewis in the garage. Lewis doesn\'t stay there for long, however, and ends up meeting the rest of the Robinsons except for Cornelius, Wilbur\'s father. Following Lewis, the Bowler Hat Guy and Doris unsuccessfully try to kidnap him. Meanwhile, the Robinsons offer to adopt Lewis, but change their mind when they learn that he\'s from the past. Wilbur also admits to lying to Lewis about taking him back to see his mom, causing Lewis to run off in disgust. Lewis then discovers that the Bowler Hat Guy is a grown-up version of Goob. After losing the Little League game, Goob had become so bitter that he was never adopted and remained in the orphanage long after it closed. Doris was "DOR-15," one of Lewis\' failed and abandoned inventions. They both blamed Lewis for their misfortunes and decided to ruin his career by stealing the memory scanner and claiming credit for it. Leaving Lewis behind, they take off with the scanner, drastically altering the future to a world minus Wilbur and dominated by Doris clones. Lewis repairs the second time machine, goes to confront Doris and destroys her by promising to never invent her, restoring the future to its utopian self. Back in Wilbur\'s time, Lewis finally meets Cornelius, who is a grown-up version of Lewis. Cornelius explains how the memory scanner had started their successful career, which persuades Lewis to return to the science fair. Wilbur takes Lewis back, but makes one stop first: as he promised, he takes Lewis back to when his mother abandoned him. Lewis nearly stops her from leaving the infant at the orphanage, but decides not to, explaining to Wilbur that he already has a family. Wilbur drops Lewis off in his own time and leaves. Lewis heads to the fair, but enroute wakes up Goob just in time for him to make the winning catch. Back at the fair, Lewis asks for one more chance to demonstrate his scanner, which this time succeeds. He is adopted by Lucille, one of the science fair judges, and her husband Bud, who nickname him "Cornelius" and take him to their home. As Lewis leaves, he turns and waves at Goob, who is also leaving the orphanage with a family of his own and a Little League trophy. The movie ends with a quote by Walt Disney containing Lewis/Cornelius\' motto: "Keep Moving Forward."'] ['Hank Martin , an American mechanic, is knocked out and wakes up in the land of King Arthur. Here he finds romance with Alisande la Carteloise  and friendship with Sir Sagramore . Unfortunately, the heroic Hank also incurs the hatred of both Merlin  and Morgan le Fay . While Hank persuades King Arthur , an aged, semi-perpetual, cold-in-the-nose invalid, to tour his kingdom in disguise to see the true, wretched condition of his subjects, Merlin and Morgan plot to usurp his throne. When Hank tries to stop them, he is returned to his own time. Heartsick over losing the woman he loves, he goes on a tour of a British castle. Its owner, Lord Pendragon , sends him to see his niece, who looks just like Alisande. A highlight of the film is the scene in which Hank Martin teaches the court musicians how to "jazz up" the medieval music they are playing. However, the best-known song from the score is "Busy Doing Nothing" by Jimmy Van Heusen and Johnny Burke, which Hank, Sir Sagramore and the King sing when they are strolling through the woods pretending to be peasants.'] [' In 1995, eleven years after the events of The Terminator, John Connor  is ten years old and living in Los Angeles with foster parents. His mother Sarah Connor  had been preparing him throughout his childhood for his future role as the leader of the human Resistance against Skynet, but was arrested after attempting to bomb a computer factory and remanded to a hospital for the criminally insane under the supervision of Dr. Silberman . Skynet sends a new Terminator, a T-1000 , back in time to kill John. A prototype which is more advanced than the Terminator sent after Sarah, the T-1000 is composed of a "mimetic poly-alloy", a liquid metal that allows it to take the shape and appearance of anyone or anything it touches. Though it cannot mimic complex machines such as guns or bombs, it can shape parts of itself into knives and stabbing weapons and can mimic the voice and appearance of humans. It assumes the identity of a police officer and goes in pursuit of John. Meanwhile, the future John Connor has sent back a reprogrammed T-800 Terminator  to protect his younger self. The Terminator and the T-1000 converge on John in a shopping mall, and a chase ensues in which John and the Terminator escape by motorcycle. Fearing that the T-1000 will kill Sarah in order to get to him, John orders the Terminator to help free her. They encounter Sarah in the midst of her own escape attempt. She is initially terrified by the Terminator but accepts its assistance after it helps them to escape the T-1000. The Terminator informs John and Sarah about Skynet, the artificial intelligence that will initiate a nuclear war on "Judgment Day" and go on to create the machines that will hunt the remnants of humanity.In The Terminator, Sarah is only informed by Kyle Reese that Skynet would become self-aware and initiate a nuclear war; in Terminator 2, the T-800 discloses the date of such an event to be August 29, 1997. Sarah learns that the man most directly responsible for Skynet\'s creation is Miles Dyson , a Cyberdyne Systems engineer working on a revolutionary new microprocessor that will form the basis for Skynet. Sarah gathers weapons from an old friend and plans to flee with John to Mexico, but after having a horrific nightmare of a nuclear explosion she awakens and sets out to kill Miles Dyson to prevent "Judgment Day" from occurring. She wounds him at his home but finds herself unable to kill him in front of his family. John and the Terminator arrive and inform Miles of the consequences of his work and learn that much of his research has been reverse engineered from the CPU and arm of the previous Terminator sent after Sarah. Convincing him that these items and his designs must be destroyed, they break into the Cyberdyne building and retrieve the CPU and arm. The police and the T-1000 arrive and Miles is mortally shot and stays behind to trigger a detonator that will destroy his research. The T-1000 pursues John, Sarah, and the Terminator, catching up to them in a steel mill. In a climactic battle, the Terminator fires a grenade into the T-1000 and it falls into a vat of molten steel, where it is destroyed. John throws the components of the original Terminator into the vat as well. The Terminator then sacrifices itself, asking Sarah to lower it into the steel so that its technology cannot be used to create Skynet. Sarah looks to the future with hope, believing that if a machine can learn the value of human life, humanity may not be doomed to self-destruction.'] [' Seventeen-year-old Marty McFly lives with his bleak, unambitious family in Hill Valley, California. His father, George McFly, is bullied by his supervisor, Biff Tannen, and his unhappy mother, Lorraine Baines McFly, is an alcoholic. Marty\'s underachieving older siblings, Dave and Linda, also live in the household. When Marty and his band audition to perform at the high school dance, they are rejected. Despite this setback, Marty\'s girlfriend, Jennifer, encourages him to pursue the dream of being a rock musician. At dinner that night, Lorraine recounts how she and George first fell in love when her father hit George with his car.  Marty meets his friend, scientist Dr. Emmett "Doc" Brown, late at night in the parking lot of a deserted shopping mall where Doc reveals a time machine made from a modified 1981 DeLorean DMC-12; the vehicle\'s time displacement is powered by plutonium, which supplies the 1.21 gigawatts of power to a device he calls the "flux capacitor." Doc explains that the car travels to a programmed date upon reaching 88 miles per hour, using the date November 5, 1955, as an example destination. Before Doc can make his first trip, the Libyan terrorists from whom he stole the plutonium shoot him. Marty attempts to escape in the DeLorean and inadvertently activates the time machine. He is transported back to November 5, 1955, and finds himself without the plutonium needed for the return trip. While exploring Hill Valley, Marty meets his teenaged father, who is being bullied by Biff. As George is about to be hit by Lorraine\'s father\'s car, Marty pushes him out of the way and is knocked out by the impact. Consequently, a teenaged Lorraine becomes infatuated with Marty instead of George. Marty is disturbed by her flirtations and leaves to find the younger Doc of 1955. Marty convinces Doc that he is from the future, and asks for help returning to 1985. Doc explains that the only available power source capable of generating 1.21 gigawatts of energy is a bolt of lightning. Discovering the "Save the Clock Tower" flyer that Marty received in 1985, indicating that lightning will strike the courthouse clock tower the following Saturday at 10:04 pm, Doc makes plans to harness the lightning strike to power the DeLorean\'s flux capacitor. When they observe a fading photograph of Marty with his siblings, they realize Marty has prevented his parents from meeting, jeopardizing his family\'s existence. Marty attempts to set George up with Lorraine. To make his parents fall in love, Marty plans to have George "rescue" Lorraine from Marty\'s inappropriate advances on the night of the school dance. A drunk Biff unexpectedly shows up, pulls Marty from the car, and attempts to force himself on Lorraine. George arrives to rescue her from Marty, but instead finds Biff, who humiliates George and pushes Lorraine to the ground. Standing up to him for the first time, George knocks Biff out. A smitten Lorraine follows George to the dance floor, where they kiss for the first time, ensuring Marty\'s existence. Marty arrives at the clock tower where Doc is making final preparations for the lightning strike, and tries to warn Doc of his impending 1985 murder in a letter, but Doc tears it up, fearing it will lead to altering the future. A falling tree branch disconnects Doc\'s wiring setup, but Doc repairs the connections in time to send Marty and the DeLorean back to 1985. Although Marty arrives too late to prevent him from being shot, Doc is still alive and admits to reading the letter anyway and wearing a bulletproof vest. Doc drops Marty off at home and uses the time machine to travel 30 years into the future. Marty awakens the next morning to find his family changed; Lorraine is happy and physically fit, a self-confident George is a successful science fiction author, Dave is a businessman, and Linda no longer has trouble finding boyfriends. George and Lorraine now have a closer relationship than ever, while Biff has become an auto detailer/washer who is on good terms with the McFly family. As Marty reunites with Jennifer, Doc arrives, insisting they accompany him to the future to sort out a problem with their future children. Marty and Jennifer enter the upgraded DeLorean, now a hovercar powered by nuclear fusion, and Doc flies the time machine into the future.'] ['In 1967, British spy Austin Powers attempts to assassinate his nemesis, Dr. Evil, in his own nightclub . Dr. Evil escapes by launching himself in a space rocket disguised as a Bob\'s Big Boy statue, and cryogenically freezing himself. Powers volunteers to be put into cryostasis to be revived when Dr. Evil returns. Thirty years later, in 1997, Dr. Evil returns with new plans for world domination, and discovers his henchman Number 2 has transformed Evil\'s empire into Virtucon, a multi-billion dollar enterprise. Though already wealthy, Dr. Evil proposes several plans to threaten the world for more money. However, he finds that each of them have already happened during his absence. He ultimately falls back on his old plan to steal nuclear weapons and hold the world hostage, and is advised to seek one hundred billion dollars. Later, he also discovers that henchwoman Frau Farbissina has used a sample of Evil\'s semen to artificially create his son, Scott Evil, now a Generation Y teenager. Scott is resentful of his father, despite Dr. Evil\'s attempts to get closer to him through therapy. Having learned of Dr. Evil\'s return, the British Ministry of Defence unfreezes Powers, acclimating him to the year 1997 with the help of agent Vanessa Kensington, the daughter of his sidekick in the 1960s, Mrs. Kensington. Powers quickly finds his free love credo of the 1960s to be out of touch with the 1990s, and is unable to ensnare Vanessa with his charms. Later, the two pose as a married couple in a Las Vegas hotel and meet No. 2\'s Italian secretary, Alotta Fagina. Powers breaks into her penthouse suite for reconnaissance and fornicates with her. He discovers plans for Dr. Evil\'s "Project Vulcan", which aims to drill a nuclear warhead into the Earth\'s molten core and trigger volcanic eruptions worldwide. Dr. Evil, learning that Powers is back and on his trail, creates a series of seductive female robots (called [[Fembots  to charm Powers before killing him. Austin apologizes to Vanessa for the affair with Alotta and vows to only be with her. Later the couple infiltrates Dr. Evil\'s headquarters but are captured by his henchman, Random Task. After Dr. Evil makes his demands to the world, he reveals that even after receiving the money he will still proceed with Project Vulcan. He then places Powers and Vanessa in a death trap that they easily escape from. Powers sends Vanessa for help, while he eludes and destroys the fembots by performing a striptease which arouses them so much that their heads explode. Vanessa returns with British forces. Powers finds the doomsday device and deactivates it at the last moment. He finds Dr. Evil in the main chamber along with Alotta Fagina who is holding Vanessa hostage, but Number 2 appears and attempts to betray Dr. Evil, offering to make a deal with Powers. Dr. Evil disposes of Number 2 using the trap door leading to lava  and escapes to his rocket, setting off the base\'s self-destruct system. Vanessa knocks Alotta unconscious and escapes with Powers as the lair explodes. Powers and Vanessa are later married, but during their honeymoon they are attacked by Random Task. Powers subdues the assassin and the couple adjourns to their balcony to have wild sex. Noticing a rather bright star, Powers pulls out a telescope to discover that it is in fact Dr. Evil\'s cryogenic chamber in which he vows revenge.'] ['Captain Jean-Luc Picard awakens from a nightmare in which he relived his assimilation by the cybernetic Borg six years earlier (shown in the television episode [[The Best of Both Worlds . Starfleet informs him of a new Borg attack against Earth, but orders the USS Enterprise-E to patrol the Romulan Neutral Zone so as to not introduce an "unstable element" to the fight. Learning that the fleet is losing the battle, the Enterprise crew disobeys orders and heads for Earth, where a single, damaged Borg Cube opposes a group of Starfleet vessels. The Enterprise arrives in time to save the crew of the USS Defiant which is being commanded by Lieutenant Commander Worf. After Picard hears Borg communications in his mind, he orders the fleet to concentrate its firepower on a seemingly non-vital section of the Borg ship.{{cite web|urlMovie Detail: First Contact Synopsis|workViacom|accessdate"nemecek-327">Nemecek, 327. The Enterprise crew sees Cochrane as a legend, but the real man is reluctant to assume his historical role. Picard, Worf, and the ship\'s navigator, Lieutenant Hawk, stop the Borg from calling reinforcements with the deflector dish, but Hawk is assimilated. As the Borg continue to assimilate, Worf suggests destroying the ship, but Picard angrily calls him a coward and vows to continue the fight. Sloane confronts the captain and, reminding him of Moby Dick\'s Captain Ahab, makes him realize he\'s acting irrationally. After apologizing to Worf, Picard activates the ship\'s self-destruct mechanism and orders the crew to abandon ship. While the crew heads to escape pods, Picard remains aboard to rescue Data. Data ruptures a coolant tank, and the corrosive gas dissolves the Borg\'s biological bodies. Cochrane completes his warp flight,'] ['Michael Newman , an architect, is married to his longtime sweetheart Donna  with two children, Ben and Samantha. Michael is easily pushed around by his overbearing boss Mr. Ammer . On numerous occasions, Michael willingly sacrifices time with his family to work so he can give them the kinds of possessions he never had. While going in search of a universal remote control at a Bed Bath & Beyond, Michael falls onto a bed and then proceeds to the section marked "Beyond." There, he meets a mysterious clerk named Morty , who gives him a "universal" remote control and warns that it can never be returned. To Michael\'s amazement, he finds that the remote can control the actual universe, particularly time. Michael uses it to skip fights with Donna, go forward until he rids himself of a cold, and skip a family dinner to work. Later, Morty reveals that when Michael fast-forwards through time, his body is on "auto-pilot" - his mind skips ahead, while his body does everyday life. After Mr. Ammer promises Michael a partnership position within a few months, he decides to skip ahead to it, but ends up skipping a year of his life since it took him that long to actually get the promotion. Michael also finds out that he is in marriage counseling and missed the death of his dog. When the remote begins fast-forwarding without Michael controlling it, Morty warns the remote programs itself according to Michael\'s previous commands. Michael\'s various attempts to dispose of or destroy the remote fail, so he resolves to change his life so that the remote can\'t control him. The next day, Mr. Ammer tells Michael he is leaving the country, and in the course of the conversation Mr Ammer suggests one day Michael may end up CEO. Without thinking, Michael responds to say he would like to end up CEO, the remote reacts accordingly and fast-forwards ten years to 2017. Michael is now the CEO, but he is obese, lives alone, his children are teenagers, he is divorced from Donna, and they all hate him. Michael also discovers that Donna is now dating Ben\'s childhood swim coach, Bill. Michael visits his old house and, after fighting with Donna, the new family dog pounces on him, and he falls and hits his head. The remote having "learned" from Michael having skipped his cold, it transports him six years into the future, as he had not been healthy a single day over those six years: Donna recounts how a precautionary CAT scan after the fall revealed cancer, and how Michael ate so prolifically during chemotherapy as to subsequently suffer from a heart attack. In those six years, Michael is no longer obese thanks to liposuction, Donna has married Bill, and Ben has gone into his father\'s line of work. Ben tells Michael his father Ted died, and Michael uses the remote to view the last time they spoke. While on auto-pilot, Michael angrily rejected Ted\'s offer for a night out with him and Ben. During Michael\'s grief, Morty reveals he is in fact the Angel of Death. Fearing him, Michael begs to go to a "good place", and fast forwards several years to Ben\'s wedding in 2031. There, he witnesses Samantha call Bill "Dad", and the shock triggers a second heart attack. When Michael awakens, Morty appears to tell him that he chose his path and there is nothing he can do about it. Michael\'s family arrives and Ben reveals that he has cancelled his honeymoon in order to work on an important deal that will keep his business going. Shocked and not wanting Ben to make the same mistakes he did, Michael rushes after him. A nurse attempts to stop him but Michael manages to jab the man with a sedative. He ignores Morty\'s repeated warnings that the machines are all that are keeping him alive. Michael reaches his family and collapses, but manages to convince Ben that family comes first; he reassures the rest that he still loves them, and then Morty comes up to take him. There is a white flash, and Michael wakes up in the present day on the bed he collapsed onto at the Bed Bath & Beyond, believing that the events have all been "a dream." He makes amends with his father, and reassures Donna, Ben, and Samantha of his affection for them and that he will never sacrifice them for work again. As he celebrates being home, Michael finds the remote and a note sitting on his kitchen counter. After reading the note, which states that Morty knew Michael would do the right thing this time, and realizing he actually experienced the events, he throws the remote in the trash and goes to restart his life with his family. During the credits, a holographic Michael fiddles with the remote, and it lands with a THUD! on the screen as five ice crystals start to surround it.'] ['In 2688, humanity exists as a utopian society due to the inspiration of the music and wisdom of the Two Great Ones: Bill S. Preston, Esq.  and "Ted" Theodore Logan . Rufus  is tasked by the leaders to travel back to San Dimas, California of 1988 using a time machine shaped like a phone booth to ensure that the Bill and Ted, then dim-witted high school students, successfully pass a history class. Should they fail, Ted\'s father, police captain Logan , plans to ship Ted to a military academy in Alaska, ending Bill & Ted\'s fledgling band, the "Wyld Stallyns", and altering the future. Rufus finds the two teenagers struggling to finish their history paper, which tasks them to describe how three historical figures would view San Dimas of the present, trying to obtain help from customers at a local Circle K convenience store. Rufus initially has difficulty convincing the two of his help when a copy of the phone booth time machine arrives, and versions of Bill and Ted from some hours in the future step out. They are able to convince their earlier selves that Rufus can be trusted by correctly guessing the number the two were thinking of, sixty-nine. The future Bill and Ted briefly discuss their situation with Rufus before disappearing. Rufus offers the pair a demonstration of the time machine, taking them back to 1805 where they find Napoleon Bonaparte  leading his forces against Austria. As Rufus, Bill and Ted depart back to the present, Napoleon is thrown by a cannonball explosion into their wake, and is dragged through the time circuits to the present. Rufus takes a moment to explain that time will continue to progress normally for Bill and Ted and they cannot miss their class presentation the next day, and then departs, leaving the empty time machine for the two. As Bill and Ted discuss where to go next, they discover Napoleon stuck in a nearby tree. This gives them the idea of kidnapping historical figures as to bring them to the present to complete their report. They leave Napoleon with Ted\'s younger brother Deacon  before travelling. The two are able to successfully befriend Billy the Kid  from 1879 and Socrates  from 410 B.C. (whom they refer to as "So-crates" , before stopping in 15th century England, where they become infatuated with Princesses Elizabeth  and Joanna . This leads to them getting in trouble with their father the King, but Billy and Socrates rescue the pair, and they escape, though the booth is partially damaged on their departure. They end up in the far future, discovering the society based on their influence, and are inspired to complete their report with "extra credit" by kidnapping additional historical figures: Sigmund Freud  from 1901, Ludwig van Beethoven  1809, Genghis Khan  from 1209, Joan of Arc  from 1429, and Abraham Lincoln  from 1863. After a brief stop in prehistoric times to repair the booth, Bill and Ted program the machine to return to the present, but end up outside the Circle K on the night before, where Rufus was introducing himself to them. Bill and Ted convince their earlier selves of Rufus\' trustworthiness, and then are reminded by Rufus of how to get to the next day. When they arrive, Ted learns that Deacon had ditched Napoleon. They leave the other historical figures at the local mall to learn about San Dimas while they seek out Napoleon at a local water park, "Waterloo." While gone, the historical figures get into trouble and are arrested by Captain Logan. Bill and Ted execute an escape plan based on using the time machine in the future to set up what they need now. With all their historical figures recollected, the two give their presentation to the school, which is a rousing success, allowing them to pass the course and the two sends the historical figures back to their own time periods. Some time later, Rufus returns to Bill and Ted, presenting them with the two princesses before they were committed to a pre-arranged marriage, noting that the two women will also be part of Wyld Stallyns. Rufus asks to join the group as they play, but upon hearing their cacophony of music, admits to the audience that "they do get better".'] ['Six-String Samurai is set in an alternate history America, in which Soviet Union attacked the U.S. with nuclear weapons in 1957, making most of the country an inhospitable desert. The government has entirely collapsed, except for the Kingdom of Elvis, who rules from "Lost Vegas" to California. The Red Army has been besieging Vegas, but the lack of supplies  from the Soviet Union has caused them to degenerate into just another gang. As the movie begins, Elvis has died and a radio disc jockey Keith Mortimer announces a call for all musicians to come to Lost Vegas to try to become the new King of Rock\'n\'Roll. Buddy, implied to be the rock \'n roll legend Buddy Holly , is one of the musicians converging on Lost Vegas. Early on, he finds himself having to take care of a kid named "Kid" . While Buddy resents having to look after the Kid, the Kid turns out to be a good ally. Buddy runs into a lot of different groups, including a zombie-like, cannibalistic suburban family, \'windmill people\' who are dressed like astronauts and filthy tribals that make up most of the population. He also combats many foes, including a samurai, a bowling team of bounty-hunters, a Russian surf band , and the Russian army. Throughout his journey, Buddy is stalked by his greatest foe: a sinister Slash look-alike who is the personification of the Grim Reaper, and his grungy group of guitarists/archers; Death\'s goal is to eliminate all the King-wannabes and the conquest of Vegas.'] ['The film begins in the cockpit of a U.S. passenger airliner , shortly before they are struck from above by another airliner  on a landing approach. The pilot handles the airplane as well as he can while the flight engineer goes back to check on the passenger cabin. He comes back in the cockpit screaming, “They\'re dead! All of them! They’re burned up!” Bill Smith  is a National Transportation Safety Board investigator hired to determine whether human error is the cause of a collision of two aircraft, both of which crashed. He and his team of investigators are confused by the words on the cockpit voice recorder because there had been no fire on board before the plane hit the ground. At the same time, a theoretical physicist named Dr. Arnold Mayer  has a professional curiosity about the crash, which borders on science fiction. While giving a lecture, he talks about time travel and the possibility of visitors from the future. Time travelers are, in fact, visiting the present day and stealing passengers from doomed aircraft. Every incursion into the past causes an accompanying "timequake" whose magnitude is proportional to the effects of the incursion into the past. Each "timequake" causes physical damage in the time from which the incursion has been made. This is why they are abducting people who will not be able to affect the future any further and replacing them with copies of those who would have died. Thus, the co-pilot\'s strange comment came because all the passengers had been replaced with pre-burned duplicates in preparation for the upcoming crash.  While on one of the missions, an operative is shot and loses a stun weapon on board a plane before it crashes. This weapon winds up in the possession of Dr. Arnold Mayer, setting him on the path to working out what\'s happening. Twenty-five years later, Smith finds a similar artifact in the crash portrayed at the beginning of the film. Worried that these two individuals of the 20th century might change history by their discoveries, Louise Baltimore  travels back to 1989 in order to distract Bill Smith and discourage him from pursuing his investigation further. Louise manages to gain Bill\'s trust, as well as seduce him into a one-night stand, which she hopes will complete the distraction. However, because of still more errors on the part of the time travel team, as well as paradoxical events, Bill becomes even more suspicious. He soon pays a visit to Dr. Mayer. At that point, Louise materializes from the future and reveals her mission to both of them. In a mishap with the stun weapon, Mayer kills himself thereby causing a major change to the timeline. Louise decides to take Bill with her to the future. Between Louise\'s recent visit and exposition in the future, we find that because of pollution, the human population of the future is no longer able to reproduce, except for Louise who\'s pregnant with Bill\'s baby, though that fact isn\'t revealed until the very end of the film. This is why they have been abducting people from the past and keeping them in stasis until a future time when they will be sent into the far future. It is hoped that in this far future, the Earth will have recovered enough that humans can repopulate the planet. The recent incursion results in a force infinity timequake which will destroy the entire civilization of the "present" future and the Gate  itself. It is decided that it is time to send all of the people who have been collected to the distant future before the Gate is destroyed. Bill and Louise step through and disappear into the Gate, which takes them to another time and another place, in order to save their lives, and to fulfill a destiny to repopulate Earth. A simple, but poignant, message is recited by Sherman the Robot, quoting Winston Churchill, in the closing seconds of the film. As the blast wave of the gate being destroyed vaporizes Sherman he states, "This is not the end. This is not the beginning of the end. It is the end of the beginning" as the scene transitions to the sun rising above the clouds.'] ["The film begins with Hercules at Olympus, berating his father Zeus for not allowing him to leave the gods' abode to adventure on earth. Eventually Zeus sends Hercules, on a beam, to the land of men. After some strange encounters in the air and at sea, Hercules arrives in New York City, where hilarity ensues in the form of interactions with various New Yorkers, who regard him as physically superior but socially awkward. He meets a skinny little guy called Pretzie . Hercules becomes a successful professional wrestler. Zeus, watching Hercules from the heights, becomes irritated with Hercules' antics, which he feels are making a mockery of the gods, and calls on Mercury to stop Hercules. After Mercury makes an unsuccessful attempt to bring Hercules home, Zeus orders Nemesis to see to it that Hercules is consigned to the infernal regions ruled over by Pluto. However, Juno instead convinces Nemesis to poison Hercules with a poison that would strip him of his divinity and then talk to Pluto. Nemesis informs Pluto of what is happening and he bets a large sum of money against Hercules in an upcoming strongman competition with Hercules' gangster manager. When Hercules loses the strongman competition his friends try to lead off Hercules' angry manager's henchmen, but Hercules follows them to save them. Meanwhile, Zeus uncovers the truth from Nemesis as to what is happening but only intervenes at the last minute to restore Hercules' divinity, not wanting any son of his to die at the hands of a mortal. Hercules defeats the gangsters and realizes that he has been disobedient and returns to the heavens shortly after, only saying good-bye to Pretzie over a radio after he leaves. In the heavens, Zeus tells Juno and Hercules that he is not going to punish Hercules for his behavior as they ask him about it and then asks to be left alone. They leave him alone, and upon their departure, Zeus sneaks out of the heavens and descends to earth, scaring a passenger jet on his way down."] ['In the year 2009, the super-wealthy gain immortality by hiring "bonejackers," mercenaries who use time travel technology to snatch people from the past, just prior to their deaths. Their bodies are then taken over by the rich to extend their lives. Those who escape bonejacking, known as "freejacks," are considered less than human under the law. In this dystopic future most people suffer from poor physical health as a result of rampant drug use and environmental pollution, making them unattractive as replacement bodies. Alex Furlong  is a professional racecar driver who is about to die in a spectacular 1991 crash, witnessed by his fiancée Julie Redlund  and agent Brad , when a time machine snatches him from the car and into the wasteland that is the 21st century Bronx. When Furlong\'s captors – led by mercenary Victor Vacendak - are ambushed by a hit squad, Furlong escapes. Having no idea what happened, he tries to find Julie, but she no longer lives at her 1991 address. He takes shelter at a church, where a sympathetic  nun  explains what has happened to him. She also provides him with clothing, food, and a handgun. Alex finds his former agent Brad, but Brad immediately sells him out, getting killed in the process. He then finds Julie, but she calls security, believing him to be "the bastard who stole [Alex\'s] body." When Vacendak shows up, she realizes that Alex is actually her Alex. She goes to Ian McCandless to try and help Alex escape the city. McCandless promises that he will help secure Alex\'s escape. However, it is a trap- Vacendak and his men try again capture Alex, but he manages to defeat the mercenaries and holds Vacendak at gunpoint. Alex demands that he be told who wants his body; Vacendak finally tells him that McCandless himself wants Alex\'s body. Because Alex saved his life earlier, Vacendak gives him a chance to run and Julie steals an armored vehicle used by the bonejackers. Furlong and Julie manage to evade Vacendak\'s security guards and McCandless\' police force. But they also find the have to deal the private guards of McCandless\' corporate executive officer Mr. Michelette, who wants McCandless\' job. He is responsible for the ambush that allowed Alex to escape in the first place. Alex then pretends to take Julie hostage and negotiates with Michelette. Alex hopes they don\'t know about his past relationship with Julie. But, it turns out that Michelette saw footage of Julie\'s grief after the 1991 accident. He immediately fires Julie on the spot. Alex and Julie escape the meeting, hoping to flee through the lobby, but they are thwarted by a gunfight between the security guards and mercenaries. Their elevator takes them to the penthouse, where McCandless\' mind is stored. A hologram of McCandless explains why he wants Furlong\'s body – so he could show his love for Julie. Apologizing, he offers to let Alex run the company while pretending to be McCandless. Just then Vacendak arrives and McCandless reveals he was only stalling for time. Alex, forced into the transfer machine, protests "You don\'t need a new body, you need a new soul, and your machine can\'t give you that!" Just as the transfer process begins, Michellette stumbles in, wounded from fighting Vacendak\'s soldiers. In the confusion, Julie grabs a soldier\'s gun and shoots the processing crystal used by the transfer computers. The transfer results are deemed inconclusive since no one knows if McCandless controls Furlong\'s body. McCandless\' scientists cannot tell and conclude that McCandless will have to identify himself. Michellette agrees, revealing that only McCandless will know his own personal i.d. code- a code that Alex wouldn\'t know. Vacendak receives a handheld computer which displays McCandless\' code- he instructs "Alex" to tell him what it is. Alex responds by saying the code slowly, and Vacendak asks him to continue. Michelette concludes that the transfer was completed and tries to kill Alex, but is gunned down by Vacendak and his men. Furlong remarks about how well he feels in his "new" body, before ordering Julie to dress more appropriately. A while later, Furlong and Julie go for a drive. Vacendak stops them as the car leaves the estate. It turns out that the transfer was not complete after all; Furlong got McCandless\' secret number wrong, though Vacendak went along with it. He simply waited until Furlong made a mistake: McCandless did not know how to drive. Vacendak admonishes Julie that "you\'ll have to coach him better than that", then leaves while Alex and Julie speed away.'] ['During the Black Death of 14th century England, people in a remote Cumbrian mountain village listen with fear to tales of the gruesome plague that has engulfed the world. In an attempt to stave off the infection, they rely upon the visions of a boy, named Griffin, who has a reputation for having a kind of "second sight". With the backing of the village\'s most famous adventurer, a man named Connor, whom Griffin idolizes, a group of the townsfolk travel to a nearby cavern. Bringing good copper ore to be melted and cast into shape, they dig down into the earth, all the while racing against time and the coming of the next full moon, in an effort to place a holy cross on the steeple of "the biggest Church in all of Christendom" as an offering for God\'s protection. As the full moon is rising, the villagers break though into a smooth-lined tunnel, and then, finding a ladder, climb up and into what the modern audience knows is late twentieth century New Zealand. Up until this point, the movie has been shown in black and white . Now the adventure continues in colour film. The villagers marvel at the various technologies, never questioning what year it might be, believing that such things are only natural in great cities. But Griffin is haunted by a dark vision as the villagers come closer to fulfilling their quest.'] ["The movie begins with TJ , a high school student from Detroit, selling stolen items to other members of his neighborhood. Upon returning to class, TJ finds he has to write a paper on a famous black person for his Black History class. TJ is later seen selling more stolen material while talking to his friend, but a police officer starts to chase him. While running, TJ gets hit by a car and is knocked unconscious. When TJ awakens, he finds himself in 1822 in South Carolina, right next to an exceptionally large tree. Thinking that he is a runaway slave, TJ is brought to a slave auction and is sold to a man named Mr. Cooper. TJ then has to work on Mr. Cooper's plantation, and gets himself into all sorts of mischief. While getting Zeke's  food from Cooper's house, TJ runs into a house slave, Martilla, who also happens to be a palm reader. She tells TJ that to return to his own time, he must help another slave and then find the big tree which he was next to when he woke up after being hit by the car. After trying to help his fellow slaves with their chores, TJ becomes frustrated and attempts to run away. Unfortunately, he is stopped by Zeke, who then whips him. Back at the plantation, TJ helps one of his fellow slaves, Josiah, learn to read. He shows Josiah how to write his name, and they read out of a book that Josiah stole from Cooper. To try to get Zeke in trouble with Cooper, he places the book in Zeke's house. Cooper finds the book, but also finds a piece of paper in the book in which Josiah had practiced writing his name. Josiah is then whipped to such an extent that he cannot move. Due to Josiah's inability to move, he tells TJ to find Denmark Vesey and tell him about what happened. TJ does as he is told, and when he returns TJ tells Josiah what Vesey has told him. Josiah, TJ and Zeke have been asked to work at a party at Cooper's house , but Josiah asks TJ to cover for him at seven o'clock. Zeke overhears this and rushes to tell Cooper. At the party, Zeke tells Cooper about what he has heard. TJ hears this and reports it to Josiah. The two then decide to escape. They also bring along Josiah's wife Caroline. Cooper and Zeke chase after the trio. TJ decides to stall them and, while Josiah and Caroline escape, Cooper shoots TJ. He falls from the shot, right under the big tree. When awakened, TJ finds himself back in his own time, where he decides to do better at school. He learns that to help yourself you sometimes have to help others. He also returns with a new pride in his heritage."] ['Sardonic, self-absorbed TV meteorologist Phil Connors , news producer Rita  and cameraman Larry  from fictional Pittsburgh television station WPBH-TV9 travel to Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, to cover the annual Groundhog Day festivities with Punxsutawney Phil. Having grown annoyed with the assignment, Phil grudgingly gives his sarcastic report and attempts to return to Pittsburgh when a blizzard shuts down the roads. Phil and his team are forced to return to Punxsutawney and stay in town overnight. Phil wakes up to find that he is reliving February 2. The day plays out exactly as it did before, with no one else aware of the time loop, and only Phil aware of past events. He is initially confused, but when the phenomenon continues each subsequent day, he decides to take advantage of the situation: he learns the town\'s residents secrets, seduces women, plays pranks, overindulges in unhealthy foods, steals money, drives recklessly, and gets thrown in jail. However, his attempts to get closer to Rita repeatedly fail. Eventually Phil tires of his excesses, becomes despondent and resorts to increasingly drastic measures to end the time loop; he gives ridiculous and offensive reports on the festival, abuses residents, eventually kidnaps Punxsutawney Phil and, after a car chase involving the police, drives into a quarry, evidently killing both himself and the groundhog. However, Phil wakes up again in his bed and finds that nothing has changed; further attempts at suicide are equally fruitless as he continues to find himself waking at six o\'clock on the morning of February 2 with the clock radio on his nightstand playing "I Got You Babe" by Sonny & Cher. When Phil explains the situation to Rita she suggests that he should work to improve himself. Inspired, Phil endeavors to try to learn more about Rita, building upon his knowledge of her and the town each day. He begins to use his by-now vast experience of the day to help as many people as possible. He also learns, among other things, to play piano at a professional level, ice sculpt expertly, and speak fluent French. Eventually, Phil is able to befriend almost everyone he meets during the day. He uses his knowledge of that day\'s experiences to save lives, help townspeople, and to get closer to Rita. He crafts a report on the Groundhog Day celebration so eloquent that all the other stations turn their microphones to him and the surrounding crowd erupts in applause and cheers at the report\'s conclusion. After the evening dance, Rita and Phil retire together to Phil\'s room. He wakes the next morning and finds the time loop is broken; it is now February 3 and Rita is still with him. After going outside, Phil suggests to Rita that they move to Punxsutawney.'] ["Stanton  is a grouchy boss who is the head of a scientific research company. He has taken over the company following the death of his father. His employees are scientists Mark Manning , 'Doc' Gordon , and Karen White . Unless they prove that their time travel experiments can produce some results, their funding will be cut off. Desperate, they push their operating equipment past the level of safety and travel 5000 years into the future. There, they encounter aliens led by Vina  who are looking for a planet to colonize. The aliens find no welcome on Earth, which is in the midst of a global war that threatens the human race. She urges them to go back and warn humanity about the danger, then dies in a human attack. The time travelers retreat to their chamber and head back. On the way, they detect another time machine on a collision course. Manning tries to communicate with them; when that fails, they fire at it, but their weapon is too weak. Stanton takes charge, boosts the power and destroys the other vessel. However, all is still not well. They overshoot the present and end up in the distant past, in the age of dinosaurs. Their giant ruby, a key component of the machine, is destroyed, leaving them stranded. However, when they explore a nearby cave, they find it studded with all sorts of jewels, including rubies. Overcome by greed, Stanton grabs handfuls of the precious gems, returns to the time machine, replaces the ruby and takes off without the scientists. However, on his return trip, he encounters another traveler in time. He hears a radio broadcast - it is from Manning! He is racing towards the earlier version of the time machine. Then he is destroyed by a blast initiated by his earlier self. Meanwhile, as the scientists leave the cave, Gordon stumbles and falls to his death in molten lava. The other two find the time machine gone. Then it mysteriously reappears. They board it and return to the day before their initial departure. But something is wrong; they find past versions of themselves living at a much slower time rate. The couple hasten back to the time machine to try to rectify the problem, but end up hopelessly lost in time and space. In the final scene, the machine is shown in space among the stars."] ['The movie opens with Yor jogging around the stone towers of Cappadocia, Turkey while a rock ballad plays in the background. In a nearby village, Kala, a seemingly primitive cave-woman, and her older protector Pag are hunting. Suddenly, they are attacked by a Stego-Ceratops. Yor appears suddenly and kills the dinosaur with his axe, drinking some of its blood immediately afterwards. Yor is befriended by the village and together they cut the choice meats to be feasted upon in celebration. While Yor is there, a band of cavemen with bluish skin attack the village. Only Yor and Pag escape. Yor immediately swears to get Kala back. Yor and Pag track the blue cavemen to their lair where Yor shoots a giant bat with his bow and arrow. He uses the dead bat like a hang glider to storm the lair and starts flooding sections of the cave, the diversion helping his escape out the back with Kala. The flood kills everyone inside the cave, including the other kidnapped villagers  as well as the blue cavemen. Kala and Pag decide to follow Yor in his adventure to find his origins. Along the way, they find a mysterious society of sand mummies led by a blonde woman with an amulet similar to Yor\'s. Yor proceeds to kill everyone except the blonde woman, deciding that she will be important for their journey. Kala tries to kill the blonde woman, but they are both suddenly attacked by more blue cavemen. Yor and Pag come to the rescue but a caveman hits the blonde woman and she dies in Yor\'s arms. Yor, Pag and Kala make friends with another tribe after saving some children from a dinosaur, but this tribe is killed by  flying saucers shooting lasers. Yor and company use a boat to make their way to an island surrounded by storms. There Yor discovers that his parents were from a small band of nuclear holocaust survivors, revealing the \'twist\' that Yor\'s world is actually Earth after a nuclear holocaust, the radiation from this war apparently having somehow resurrected dinosaurs. An evil man called the Overlord has taken control of the remaining nuclear technology with his android army. Yor attacks the Overlord and his forces, defeating them with help from Pag and Kala. Yor then flies off into the distance in one of the Overlord\'s spacecraft, even as the Overlord\'s facility is in a state of self-destruction. As the movie ends, the narrator intones that: "...Yor returns to the primitive tribes on the mainland. He is determined to use his superior knowledge to prevent them making the same mistakes as their forefathers. Will he succeed?"'] ['Lyle Swann  is a well-known dirt bike motorcycle racer who is in the desert competing in the Baja 1000, a multiclass vehicle cross-country race. Swann has a reputation for being a great rider but is plagued by technical problems from the high-tech gadgetry he incorporates into his Yamaha XT500 thumper. When Swann accidentally goes far off course, he stumbles across a time travel experiment that utilizes "maser velocity acceleration" to send objects  back in time. Swann rides through the field and gets sent back to November 5, 1875, The scientists soon realize what has happened, but Swann rides off moments before the system can return him to the present. Unaware of what has really happened to him, Swann rides off. While taking a swim break in a local spring, he runs into a gang of outlaws led by Porter Reese . Reese becomes obsessed with stealing Swann\'s "machine", and the outlaws pursue Swann into the small village of San Marcos, but his red suit and dirtbike scare the local Mexicans, who think he is the devil. There, he meets a beautiful woman, Claire Cygne ([[Belinda Bauer , who gives him a safe place to hide and severely wounds one of Reese\'s men. The village priest  compels them to withdraw, but Reese continues to plot the capture of Swann\'s dirtbike. In the village, Swann is seduced by Claire and sleeps with her, but she is later kidnapped by Reese\'s gang as revenge for her shooting and wounding one of them. They also manage to capture the dirtbike, leading to a series of hijinks, while Swann gets help from a posse trying to capture or kill the gang. Swann manages to retrieve his dirtbike and rescue Claire, but the posse\'s leader is killed, and another is mortally wounded and dies later. In a final showdown, Reese\'s band of outlaws faces Swann, the last survivor of the posse, and Claire atop a plateau. When a helicopter shows up  to take Swann home, Reese\'s men run away in fear, but Reese stays behind and fires at the helicopter, killing one of the pilots. The helicopter begins spinning wildly as the surviving pilot tries to maintain control, knocking the dirtbike off the side of the plateau. Reese gets mangled by the helicopter\'s tail rotor, leaving only a pair of bloody boots behind. The helicopter manages to land on the plateau and extract Swann. Just as the helicopter pulls away, Claire snatches from Swann\'s neck a pendant handed down from his great-great-grandmother, who had stolen it from his great-great grandfather as a reminder of "one incredible night they had together." Swann realizes that he is his own great-great-grandfather.'] ["A work-obsessed businessman  meets a charming 8-year-old version of himself who can't believe that he turned out so badly. With the boy's help, the man is able to reconcile the person he used to dream of being with the man he's actually become."] ['"Smoking" and "No Smoking" are two segments of the film which are based on closely connected plays. The original plays covered eight separate stories, which have been pared down to three each for these movies. At a certain point in the story of each segment, the five female characters  and the four male characters  have their lives skillfully recapped in terms of "what might have happened" if they had made or failed to make certain choices. For example, "No Smoking" focuses chiefly on the relationship between the mild-mannered Miles Coombes and his infinitely more aggressive and ambitious wife, Rowena. The narrator is voiced by Peter Hudson.'] ['Eleven-year-old Kevin has a vivid imagination and is fascinated by history, particularly of Ancient Greece; his parents ignore his activities, having become more obsessed with buying the latest household gadgets to keep up with their neighbours. One night, as Kevin is sleeping, an armoured knight on a horse bursts forth from his wardrobe. Kevin is scared and hides as the knight rides off into a forest setting where once his bedroom wall was; when Kevin looks back out, the room is back to normal, and he finds one of his photos on the wall similar to the forest he saw. He prepares a satchel with supplies and Polaroid camera for the next night. He is surprised when six dwarfs spill out of the wardrobe. Kevin quickly learns the group has stolen a large, worn map, and are looking for an exit in Kevin\'s room before they are discovered. They find that Kevin\'s bedroom wall can be pushed revealing a long hallway. Kevin is hesitant to join until the visage of an evil-looking head - the Supreme Being - appears behind them, demanding the return of the map. Kevin and the dwarves fall into an empty void at the end of the hallway. They land in Italy during the Napoleonic Wars. As they recover, Kevin learns that Randall is the lead dwarf, along with Fidgit, Strutter, Og, Wally, and Vermin. They were once employed by the Supreme Being to repair holes in the spacetime fabric, but instead realized the potential to use the map to steal valuable riches. With the map and Kevin\'s help, they visit several locations in spacetime, and meet figures such as Napoleon Bonaparte and Robin Hood; Kevin uses his camera to document their visits. They are unaware that their activities are being monitored by Evil, a malevolent sorcerer, who is able to manipulate reality and is attempting to acquire the map himself. Through Evil\'s actions, Kevin becomes separated from the group and ends up in Mycenaean Greece, and meets King Agamemnon; after Kevin inadvertently helps Agamemnon kill a minotaur, the king treats him as his own son, something that Kevin would be content with. Randall and the others soon locate Kevin and abduct him, much to his resentment. They arrive on the ill-fated RMS Titanic; after it sinks, they are forced to tread water while they argue amongst each other. Evil manipulates the group and transports them to his realm, the Time of Legends. The dwarfs locate the Fortress of Ultimate Darkness, and are led to believe that "The Most Fabulous Object in the World" awaits them, luring them into Evil\'s trap. Evil takes the map and locks the group into a cage over an apparent bottomless pit. While looking through the Polaroids he took, Kevin finds one that includes the map, and the group realises there are numerous holes in the Fortress they can use to recruit help to fight Evil. They make quick work of escaping from the cage and set their plan into motion. Though they far outnumber Evil, Evil\'s powers quickly defeat all of the allied forces. As Kevin and the dwarves cower, Evil prepares to unleash his ultimate power. Suddenly, he is turned into stone and explodes; from the smoke, an elderly, well-dressed figure emerges, revealed as the true form of the Supreme Being. He orders the dwarfs to collect all the pieces of concentrated evil warning that they can be deadly if not contained, recovers the map, and allows the dwarves to rejoin him in his creation duties. The Supreme Being disappears with the dwarfs, leaving Kevin stranded behind as one missed piece of concentrated Evil begins to emit smoke. Kevin passes out but awakes, back in his bedroom, his room filled with smoke. Firefighters break down the door and rescue him as they put out a fire in his house. One of the firemen finds that his parents\' new microwave caused the fire. As Kevin recovers, he finds one of the firemen resembles Agamemnon, and discovers that he still has the photos from his adventure. As his parents look at a strange piece of rock in the microwave, Kevin tries to warn them off that it is a piece of concentrated evil and they should not touch it; nevertheless, both do, and suddenly explode and disappear, leaving Kevin wondering where they have gone off to.'] ["In 2029, aboard the United States Air Force space station Oberon, Leo Davidson  works closely with primates who are trained for space missions. His favorite simian co-worker is a chimpanzee named Pericles. With a deadly electromagnetic storm approaching the station, a small space pod piloted by Pericles is used to probe the storm. Pericles's pod heads into the storm and disappears. Against his commanding officer's orders, Leo takes a second pod and goes in pursuit of Pericles. Entering the storm, Leo loses contact with the Oberon and crashes on a planet called Ashlar in the year 5021. He discovers that the world is ruled by humanoid apes who can speak human language and treat human beings as slaves. Leo comes across a female chimpanzee named Ari , who protests the awful treatment humans receive. Ari decides to buy Leo and a female slave named Daena  to have them work as servants in the house of her father, Senator Sandar ([[David Warner . Leo escapes his cage and frees other humans. Ari sees them, but Leo manages to convince Ari to join a human rebellion against the apes. General Thade  and Colonel Attar  march ape warriors in pursuit of the humans. Leo discovers Calima , a forbidden, but holy, site for the apes. Calima turns out to be the remains of the Oberon, Leo's space station, which has crashed on the planet's surface and looks ancient . According to the computer logs, the station has been there for thousands of years. Leo deduces that when he entered the vortex he was pushed forward in time, while the Oberon, searching after him, was not, crashing on the planet long before he did. The Oberon{{'}}s log reveals that the apes on board, led by Semos, organized a mutiny and took control of the vessel after it crashed. The human and ape survivors of the struggle left the ship and their descendants are the people Leo has encountered since landing. In the present, a battle ensues between the humans and the apes. A familiar vehicle descends from the sky and is identified immediately by Leo as the pod piloted by Pericles, the chimp astronaut. Pericles was pushed forward in time as Leo was, and had just now found his way to the planet. When Pericles lands, the apes interpret his landing as the return arrival of Semos, the first ape, who is their god. They bow, and hostilities between humans and apes disappear. Pericles then runs into the Oberon and Leo runs after him, followed by General Thade. Inside, Thade and Leo wrestle, with Pericles trying to help Leo, only to be thrown hard against a wall. Thade gets hold of Leo's gun, trying to figure out how to discharge the gun and appears to want to shoot Leo. Seeing that Thade is in the pilot's deck, Leo closes the automatic door of the entrance, trapping Thade as he shoots the gun, the bullets ricocheting off harmlessly. Leo decides it is time for him to leave the Planet of the Apes, so he gives Pericles to Ari, with her promising to look after him, also saying farewell to Daena. Leo climbs aboard Pericles's undamaged pod and uses it to travel back in time through the same electromagnetic storm. Leo crashes in Washington, D.C. on Earth in his own time. He looks up to see the Lincoln Memorial is now a monument in honor of General Thade. A swarm of police officers, firefighters, and news reporters descend on Leo, but on closer inspection, they are all apes."] ['The film follows the novel in presenting a first-person narrative from the point of view of Billy Pilgrim, who becomes "unstuck in time" and experiences the events of his life in a seemingly random order, including a period spent on the alien planet of Tralfamadore. Particular emphasis is placed on his experiences during World War II, including the bombing of Dresden in World War II, as well as time spent with fellow prisoners of war Edgar Derby  and the psychopathic Paul Lazzaro . His life as a husband to Valencia , and father to Barbara and Robert  are also depicted, as they live and sometimes even enjoy their life of affluence in Ilium, New York. A "sink-or-swim" scene with Pilgrim\'s father is also featured. The scenes of extraterrestrial life on Trafalmadore feature Hollywood starlet Montana Wildhack .'] ["Jack Campbell is a single, wealthy Wall Street executive living the high life in New York City. He is in the midst of putting together a billion dollar merger and has ordered an emergency meeting on Christmas Day to ensure its success. Family clearly has no meaning for him. In his office, on Christmas Eve, he is surprised to hear that his former girlfriend, Kate, tried to call him after many years. After reminiscing a bit, he walks into a convenience store where a lottery contestant, Cash, barges in saying that he has a winning ticket. The store clerk believes that Cash is lying and refuses to give him his winnings. Cash pulls out a gun and is about to shoot the clerk before Jack offers to buy the ticket from him, thus averting disaster. Jack and Cash settle their business deal outside, and Jack arrogantly offers to help Cash before going to sleep in his penthouse. The next morning, on Christmas Day, Jack wakes up in a suburban New Jersey bedroom with Kate and two children. Shocked and confused, he hurries back to his office and condo in New York, but not even his closest friends recognize him. Confused, Jack runs out to the street and encounters Cash, who is now driving Jack's Ferrari. Cash explains that Jack is experiencing a glimpse of an alternate universe in order to learn a lesson. What that lesson is unknown and is personal to Jack's life. Jack realizes that he is living the life he could have had if he had not gone to London to study and become an investment banker but had stayed in the United States with his then girlfriend. He instead has a modest family life, where he is a tire salesman and Kate is a non-profit lawyer. Jack struggles to fit into the role of a family man, making many serious blunders such as missing opening Christmas presents, flirting with a married woman, and forgetting his anniversary. Very soon, Jack's young daughter realizes his secret and decides to assist him in surviving his new life. He begins to succeed in his life, bonding with his children, falling in love with his wife, and working hard at his dull job. He suddenly finds himself being offered a contract to work at the very same investment firm from his real life, having impressed the Chairman of the firm with his business savvy when he came in for a tire change. His old mentor once again gladly offers him a job, while a formerly sycophantic employee is instead in Jack's old position, with an assertiveness he did not possess as a subordinate. While he is wowed by the potential salary and other complimentary extreme luxuries, Kate argues that they are very happy where they are and that they should be thankful for the life they have. Just as Jack is finally realizing the true value of his new life, he sees Cash again  and demands to stay in this life, but, though sorrowful of Jack's situation, Cash informs him that there is nothing he can do. So, his epiphany jolts him back to his wealthy—yet as he now realizes, lonely and unfulfilled—former life on Christmas Day. In desperation, he forgoes closing his $130 billion pharmaceutical acquisition deal to intercept Kate, who had left the message the day before. He finds her moving out of a luxury townhouse. Like Jack, she also focused on her career and became a very wealthy lawyer. Furthermore, she had only called him to give back some of his old possessions. Before she moves to Paris, he runs after her at the airport and describes the family they had in the alternate universe in an effort to win back her love. Shocked but intrigued, she agrees to a cup of coffee at the airport, suggesting that they might have a future after all."] ["In 1994, the Time Enforcement Commission  is created, with an oversight committee led by Senator Aaron McComb , to combat the misuse of the recent discovery of time travel, most often using the phenomena for monetary gain. A D.C. police officer, Max Walker , accepts a position as a TEC Agent, but that evening, his home is invaded by unknown men who shoot Walker , and the house is destroyed by an explosion, killing his wife Melissa . Ten years later, Walker apprehends his former TEC partner Lyle Atwood , who admits that he was working to raise money through the 1929 U.S. stock-market crash to support McComb's run for the presidency. McComb's plan, apparently, is to become so rich that as President, he will be able to act on his own accord without becoming just another corporate puppet. However, on return to the present, Atwood refuses to talk, having been threatened by McComb with the murder of his ancestors, which would wipe Atwood from history. With no options, Walker returns Atwood to 1929 where he falls to his death. Haunted by his inability to go back in time to save his wife, as using time travel for one's own desires is obviously forbidden by the TEC, Walker vows to stop McComb from succeeding. Walker is set up with a new partner, Sarah Fielding , and tasked to investigate a problem in 1994. There, they find the young McComb dropping his partnership with computer chip businessman Jack Parker - which cost the current-day McComb a fortune. McComb from the future arrives, and kills Parker, ensuring that he alone controls the company. Fielding reveals herself as a double agent for McComb, forcing Walker to flee. In the chase, the older McComb shoots and wounds Fielding before disappearing back to the future. Walker returns to 2004, where reality as Walker knows it as changed; TEC is being decommissioned, and as a result of Parker's death, McComb has profited greatly from the chip company, allotting him enough funds to virtually assure his presidency. With all records of Fielding gone in order to remove any witnesses to McComb's crimes, Walker commandeers the original time sled prototype to return to 1994 with help from his superior, Matuzak . In 1994, Walker finds Fielding at a local hospital, and convinces her to testify against McComb. While trying to find evidence of Fielding's existence in 1994, Walker finds a sample of Melissa's blood, indicating that she is pregnant. He realizes the present date was the day of his wife's murder, and sees it as his chance to avert it. When he goes to collect Fielding, he finds she has been murdered. With no other allies, Walker seeks out Melissa at the local mall and convinces that he is himself from the future, securing her help to protect the younger version of Walker. Walker from the future is present when young Walker returns home that evening. Walker recognizes McComb's men, and with Melissa's help, knocks them out, though the younger Walker is still knocked out cold outside the house. In the confusion, McComb from the future arrives, takes Melissa hostage, and plants a bomb in the home. It is then that Walker realises McComb was behind his wife's death, having travelled back to kill Walker as a young man after making an enemy of him in 2004. Though McComb himself died in the explosion, his younger self lived on and would still be guaranteed the Presidency. Walker plays his trump card: the 1994 version of McComb arrives, having received an anonymous message from Walker to come by. In the ensuing scuffle, McComb shoots Melissa, but Walker grabs the younger McComb and pushes him into his older self; due to laws of time travel, the same matter cannot occupy the same space at the same time. As such, the two McCombs fuse into a mass of blood which disintegrates into nothing, destroying McComb once and for all. Walker and Melissa escape the house before the bomb explodes. Walker leaves Melissa with his younger self and then returns to his present. Back in 2004, he finds the timeline has been restored for the better; TEC is back to full strength under a new Senator's oversight, McComb mysteriously vanished ten years prior, and Fielding and Matuzak are alive. Walker returns to his home and is surprised to find Melissa and his 8-year old son happily waiting to greet him, with news that Melissa is pregnant again."] ["Following the events of Terminator 2: Judgment Day, John Connor  has been living off-the-grid in Los Angeles. Although Judgment Day did not occur on August 29, 1997, the date given by the Terminator in the previous film, John does not believe that the prophesied war between humans and Skynet has been averted. Unable to locate John, Skynet sends a new model of Terminator, the T-X , back in time to July 24, 2004 to kill his future lieutenants in the human Resistance. A more advanced model than previous Terminators, the T-X has an endoskeleton with built-in weaponry, a liquid metal exterior similar to the T-1000, and the ability to control other machines. The Resistance sends a reprogrammed T-850 model 101 Terminator  back in time to protect the T-X's targets, including Kate Brewster  and John. The Terminator saves John and Kate from the T-X's initial attack, and the three visit the grave of Sarah Connor, who died of leukemia some years before. Inside the grave they find a weapons cache left by Sarah's friends as a backup in the event that Judgment Day was not averted. The T-X and police arrive and a battle ensues, but John, Kate, and the Terminator steal a hearse and escape. The Terminator has been programmed to take John and Kate to a safe location so that they may survive Judgment Day, which is to occur in a few hours, but John decides that they should attempt to prevent Skynet from being activated. The Terminator reveals that, in the future, John and Kate had married, and that Kate had reprogrammed him and sent him back in time after it had succeeded in killing John in 2032. After the destruction of Cyberdyne Systems in Terminator 2: Judgment Day, the United States Air Force took over the Skynet project and it is being headed by Kate's father, Lieutenant General Robert Brewster ([[David Andrews . However, the trio arrive too late to stop him from activating Skynet in an attempt to stop the spread of a massive computer virus. Skynet assumes control of the military's defense network just as the T-X arrives, taking control of various machines in an attempt to eliminate John and Kate. John asks the dying General for the location of Skynet's system core, hoping to still stop Judgment Day, and is instructed to go to Crystal Peak, a military base built into the Sierra Nevada mountains. Before John and Kate can escape by plane, the T-X takes control of the Terminator and it attacks them. It is able to override its programming and shut itself down before it can kill John. As John and Kate arrive at Crystal Peak they are attacked by the T-X, but a rebooted Terminator crashes a helicopter into it. Even with its legs severed the T-X continues to pursue John and Kate, but the Terminator traps it under a blast door and detonates its last remaining hydrogen fuel cell in the T-X's mouth, destroying them both. John and Kate discover that Crystal Peak does not house Skynet's core, but is rather a Cold War-era fallout shelter for high-ranking government officials. General Brewster sent them there to protect them from the impending nuclear holocaust initiated by Skynet. Skynet in fact does not have a core but instead exists as software in cyberspace running on computers all over the world, making it effectively impossible to shut down. It begins a series of nuclear attacks on various cities, commencing Judgment Day. Soon after the attacks, the equipment at Crystal Peak picks up transmissions from amateur radio operators and Montana's civil defense, to which John responds."] ['Jack is now back in the future. He had since lost Lena, and finds out that he\'s lost his other wife Alice to none other than Harris. While heading out for another assignment, something goes awry with the TCL chamber. Jack finds himself in a whole new dimension. He also runs across a different version of trancers. These guys seem to be in control of this planet. Jack manages to assist a rebel group known as the "Tunnel Rats" crush the rule of the evil Lord Calaban.'] ['Four engineers—Aaron , Abe ([[David Sullivan , Robert, and Phillip—who work for a large corporation during the day, run a side business from Aaron\'s garage at night, building and selling JTAG cards. With the proceeds of this work they fund pet science projects that they hope will yield applications sufficient to attract "VC attention". After arguing over the project that the group should tackle next, Aaron and Abe independently pursue work on technology intended to reduce the weight of an object. Although the device seems to work as planned, it has a side effect: a timepiece left in the device shows the watch has experienced about 1300 times the amount of time the device was activated for. Abe reasons that they have created a time machine.  After some testing, Abe secretly builds a prototype machine large enough to hold a person and, after traveling back to earlier that day, details the results to Aaron. Abe and Aaron build an additional machine  and decide to cut Robert and Phillip out of the discovery, under the false pretense that the garage has to be fumigated. Abe and Aaron start using the time machines to make money in the stock market, but as their understanding of how the machines work evolves, they become more adventurous with their trips. Their experimentation is cut short by the unexpected appearance of Thomas Granger , the father of Abe\'s girlfriend Rachel, whose financial backing the group had been trying to procure. Granger\'s trip appears to have made him comatose, and neither understand how Granger could have discovered the box. Abe is particularly disturbed by this turn of events and concludes that time travel is too dangerous to continue. He attempts to prevent his past self from using the machine for time travel, thereby nullifying all of its consequences, by using a "failsafe" machine, which he previously built in secret, to travel back to a point prior to his first trip through time and also prior to his broaching the subject of time travel with Aaron. Having traveled back four days in time using this failsafe point, Abe goes to meet Aaron and collapses. After Abe recovers, Aaron reveals that unbeknownst to Abe, Aaron had discovered this failsafe box and used it to get control. Aaron brought back another box, creating a false failsafe point to make Abe believe that there was still a working failsafe machine awaiting him, and preventing Abe from undoing Aaron\'s actions. Aaron then reveals that he has been using a recording to recite their conversation from an earlier time. He continues to explain how he encountered, fought, and was subdued by a previous version of himself who used the failsafe to come back and make recordings after drugging the original Aaron. But Aaron convinced his earlier self that since he has the recordings already made that he should continue to act as Aaron. The earlier Aaron leaves, leaving the later Aaron to his plan to redo the events of a party in which a crasher attempted to shoot Rachel Granger so Aaron can become a hero. Abe agrees to try to change the events of the party with Aaron and the two succeed, though it is unclear how many iterations it has taken. Their deceptions and their differing views on the use of the machines unfortunately have destroyed their friendship. Aaron accuses Abe of coveting his family and Abe warns Aaron never to return or interfere with their doubles. Abe stays behind to continue his plan of attempting to prevent the original Abe and Aaron from this timeline — who have no idea of what the others have done — from ever using the machines for time travel, suggesting that he would tamper with the machines in the hope that their doubles would think the experiment a failure and move on to other projects. The earlier Aaron who came back in the failsafe to make the recordings speaks on the phone to an unspecified recipient to which Aaron states he owes a debt. One of the Aarons and a team of French-speaking workers begin construction on what appears to be a building-sized box.'] ['In May 1972, college theater student Richard Collier  is celebrating the debut of a play he has written. During the celebration, he is approached by an elderly woman who places a pocket watch in his hand and pleads "come back to me". Richard does not recognize the woman, who returns to her own residence and dies soon afterward. Eight years later, Richard is a successful playwright living in Chicago, but has recently broken up with his girlfriend and is struggling with writer\'s block. Feeling stressed from writing his play, he decides to take a break and travels out of town to the Grand Hotel. While looking at a display in the hotel\'s museum, Richard becomes enthralled by a photograph of a beautiful woman. With the assistance of Arthur Biehl , an old bellhop who has been at the hotel since 1910, Richard discovers that the woman is Elise McKenna , a famous early 20th century stage actress. Upon digging deeper, Richard learns that she was the aged woman who gave him the pocket watch eight years earlier. Traveling to McKenna\'s home, he discovers a music box she had made, in the shape of the Grand Hotel, that plays his favorite melody. He also discovers among her effects a book on time travel written by his old college professor, Dr. Gerard Finney , and learns that McKenna read the book several times. Richard becomes obsessed with the idea of traveling back to 1912 and meeting Elise McKenna, with whom he has fallen in love. Visiting Finney, Richard learns that the man believes that he himself very briefly time traveled once to 1571 through the power of self-suggestion. To accomplish this feat of self-hypnosis, Finney tells Richard, one must remove from sight all things that are related to the current time and trick the mind into believing that one is in the past. He also warns that such a process would leave one very weak, perhaps dangerously so. Richard buys an early 20th century suit and some vintage money and cuts his hair in a time-appropriate style. Dressing himself in the suit, he removes all modern objects from his hotel room and attempts to will himself into the year 1912 using tape-recorded suggestions, only to fail for lack of real conviction. Later, while searching the hotel\'s attic, Richard finds an old guest book from 1912 with his signature in it and realizes that he will eventually succeed. Richard again hypnotizes himself, this time with the tape recorder hidden under the bed, and allows his absolute faith in his eventual success to become the trigger for the journey back through time. He drifts off to sleep and awakens to the sound of whinnying horses on June 27, 1912. Richard looks all over the hotel for Elise, even meeting Arthur as a little boy, but he has no luck finding her. Finally, he stumbles upon Elise walking by a tree near the lake. She seems to swoon slightly at the sight of him, but then suddenly asks him if he is "the one". McKenna\'s manager, William Fawcett Robinson , abruptly intervenes and sends Richard away. Richard stubbornly continues to pursue Elise until she finally agrees to accompany him on a stroll through the surrounding idyllic landscape. Richard ultimately asks why Elise wondered aloud if he was "the one". She replies that Robinson somehow knows that she will meet a man one day who will change her life forever. Richard then shows Elise the same pocket watch which she will eventually give him in 1972, but he does not reveal its origin, merely saying it was a gift. Richard accepts Elise\'s invitation to her play, where she recites an impromptu monologue dedicated to him. During intermission, he finds her posing formally for a photograph. Upon spotting Richard, Elise breaks into a radiant smile, the camera capturing the image which Richard first saw of her 68 years later. Afterwards, Richard receives an urgent message from Robinson requesting a meeting. Robinson tries to get Richard to leave Elise, saying it is for her own good. When Richard professes his love for her, Robinson has him tied up and locked in the stables. Later, Robinson tells Elise that Richard has left her and is not the one, but she disbelieves him, stating that she loves Richard. Richard wakes up the next morning and escapes his constraints. He runs to Elise\'s room and finds that her party has left. Despondent, he goes out to the hotel\'s porch. Suddenly, he hears Elise calling his name and sees her running towards him. They return to his room together and make love. The next morning they agree to marry. Elise tells him that the first thing she will do for him is buy him a new suit, since the one he has been wearing is about fifteen years out of date. Richard begins to show her how practical the suit is because of its many pockets. He is alarmed when he reaches into one and finds a Lincoln penny with a mint date of 1979. Seeing an item from his real present wrenches him out of his hypnotically-induced time trip, and Richard feels himself rushing backwards with Elise screaming his name in horror as he is pulled inexorably out of 1912. Richard then wakes up back in the present. He is drenched in sweat and very weak, apparently exhausted from his trip through time and back. He scrambles desperately back to his own room and tries to hypnotize himself again, without success. Heartbroken and after wandering around the hotel property and sitting interminably at the places where he spent time with Elise, he eventually retires to his room and remains there unmoving for days until discovered by Arthur and the hotel manager; they send for a doctor and paramedics. Richard suddenly smiles and sees himself drifting above his body and, having presumably died of a broken heart, is drawn to a light shining through the nearby window, where he is reunited with Elise.'] ['A superhuman criminal named Gabriel YuLaw , once an officer of the "Multiverse Authority"  that polices interdimensional travel , seeks to hunt down and kill all other variations of himself in alternate universes. By killing all of his other selves,  and absorbing their life energies into himself, he believes he will become "The One", a godlike being. YuLaw is briefly captured by MVA agents Rodecker  and Funsch , only to escape from captivity during the final phase of his sentence to life in a penal colony. The last known alternate, Gabriel  Law, works in the Los Angeles County Sheriff\'s Department. For two years he has been experiencing increases in strength, speed and mental ability but neither he nor his wife, T.K. Law  , can understand why. While transporting a snitching prisoner for the Sheriff\'s Department, Gabe "feels" Yulaw\'s presence just before he attempts to kill Gabriel Law. Yulaw escapes, with Gabe giving chase and leaping a very high wall – which is humanly impossible. Upon landing on the other side Yulaw faces Gabe and shoots him, but not fatally. Going in for the kill, Yulaw is interrupted by Rodecker and Funsch. Gabe Law sees Yulaw, who is identical to him in every way. Being unfamiliar with interdimensional travel between universes, Yulaw\'s appearance is incomprehensible. At the hospital again Gabe feels Yulaw\'s presence. There is another fight and Rodecker and Funsch again intervene. Yulaw deters them from shooting him because if he is killed, then Gabe will pose a problem because he would then be left as the only "One". Dressed alike and identical in every way, Gabe and Yulaw\'s battle confuse Gabe\'s Sheriff Department colleagues. Both Gabe and Yulaw manage to escape the hospital. Rodecker is faced with a dilemma: they are chasing two superhumans, they cannot kill either one. Funsch insists that YuLaw, as the instigator, must be dealt with in a more aggressive manner. Rodecker makes a fateful decision to "go way off procedure" and split the team. Rodecker pursues Yu Law and is killed. Funsch catches up with Gabe and tells him about the multiverse and why he has become stronger. Yulaw finds Gabe\'s residence where TK, believing it is Gabe, attempts to protect him, but she senses he is not really Gabe. Gabe arrives only to have Yulaw force him to watch while he kills her. Funsch finds Gabe and they team up to find Yulaw at the next occurrence of a wormhole – an industrial plant. Yulaw, Gabe Law and Funsch arrive at the industrial plant, where the final battle between Gabe and Yulaw takes place. Ultimately Gabe is victorious, but all three are caught in the wormhole and travel back to the MVA headquarters in the Alpha Universe. YuLaw is transported immediately to the prison colony universe after a last-ditch attempt to switch places with Gabe. The MVA then prepares to send Gabriel back to his own universe where he will be arrested and put in prison for the murders Yulaw committed, but Agent Funsch instead sends him to a universe similar to Gabe\'s past via another wormhole, after Gabe told him about the events which led up to him meeting his wife. Yulaw, now in the penal colony, declares his intent to still become the one; standing at the top of a Ziggurat in the Hades universe, in order to prove his capability of becoming the one, YuLaw commences to battle oncoming waves of hundreds of provoked fighters approaching the Ziggurat as the credits roll.'] ['Emmy Coer is a computer scientist obsessed with Countess Ada Lovelace, author of the first computer algorithm, written for Charles Babbage\'s "difference engine". She finds a way of communicating with people in the past by way of "undying information waves". In the film, Ada\'s ideas are portrayed as limited by discrimination against women in technology, science and mathematics in her time. Much of the story revolves around Coer\'s attempts to use genetic engineering to bring Countess Lovelace into the present.'] ['The Stooges work at Dimsal\'s Drug Store in Ithaca, New York, where they befriend Schuyler Davis , the owner of the shop next door, who is attempting to build a time machine. With the boys\' "help", the machine transports the boys, Schuyler and disaffected girlfriend Diane Quigley  back in time to Ithaca in ancient Greece during the reign of the lecherous King Odius . The King, after defeating and imprisoning Ulysses because the Stooges are believed to be gods, has a yearning for Diane. Realizing they have disrupted the proper course of history, Schuyler and the boys free Ulysses, after which Odius banishes them to the galleys, where Schuyler builds impressive muscles while constantly rowing. After an escape and shipwreck, they kill a monster with the help of Joe\'s sleeping pills and start billing Schuyler as Hercules at a local gladiatorial arena. The real Hercules  gets wind of their game and confronts them, but after single combat the Stooges convince Hercules to help them rescue Diane in a chariot chase. The time travelers remove the king and, navigating by observing the progress of military technology, manage to set history straight by dumping him off during Indian dominated American Old West where a band of warriors chase him off into the distance.'] ['Unassuming catering salesman Jim Ferguson falls through a time hole to 1917 where he saves the life of dashing Royal Flying Corps pilot James "Biggles" Bigglesworth after his photo recon mission is shot down. Before he can work out what has happened, Jim is zapped back to the 1980s. With assistance from Biggles\' former commanding officer Raymond  who lives in the Tower Bridge in London, Ferguson learns that he and Biggles are "time twins", spontaneously travelling through time when one or the other is in mortal danger. Together, Ferguson and Biggles fight across time and against the odds to stop the Germans changing the course of history by destroying a "Sound Weapon" with a Metropolitan police helicopter that was stolen by Biggles while escaping a SWAT Team in 1986 London.'] ['In the year 1899, Dr. Alexander Hartdegen  is a young inventor teaching at Columbia University in New York City. Unlike his conservative friend David Philby , Alexander would rather do pure research than work in the world of business. After his sweetheart Emma is killed by a mugger, he devotes himself to building a time machine in order to save her. When the machine is completed four years later, he travels back to 1899 and prevents her murder, only to see her killed by a horse and buggy. Alexander goes to 2030 to find out whether Emma\'s life can be saved. At the New York Public Library, a holographic librarian called Vox 114 insists that time travel is impossible, so Alexander continues into the future until 2037, when the accidental destruction of the moon by space colonists renders the Earth virtually uninhabitable. When he restarts the time machine to avoid falling debris, he is knocked unconscious and travels to the year 802,701 before waking up and stopping the machine. At this point in time, the human race has reverted to a primitive lifestyle. Some survivors, called "Eloi", live on the sides of cliffs of what was once Manhattan. Alexander is nursed back to health by a woman named Mara, one of the few Eloi who speak English. One night, Alexander and Mara\'s young brother, Kalen, dream of a frightening, jagged-toothed face, and the next day, the Eloi are attacked and Mara is dragged underground by ape-like monsters called "Morlocks" that hunt the Eloi for food. In order to rescue her, Kalen leads Alexander to Vox 114, which is still functioning. After learning from Vox how to find the Morlocks, Alexander enters their underground realm through an opening that resembles the face in his nightmare, but he is captured and thrown into an area where Mara sits in a cage. There he meets an intelligent, humanoid Über-Morlock, who explains that Morlocks are the evolutionary descendants of the humans who stayed underground after the Moon broke apart, while the Eloi are evolved from those who remained on the surface. Über-Morlocks are a caste of telepaths, who rule the monsters that prey on the Eloi. The Über-Morlock explains that Alexander cannot alter Emma\'s fate because her death is what drove him to build the time machine in the first place: saving her would create a temporal paradox. Alexander gets into the machine, which the Morlocks have brought underground, and prepares to return home, but he suddenly pulls the Über-Morlock into the machine, which carries them into the future as they fight. The Über-Morlock dies by rapidly aging when Alexander pushes him outside of the machine\'s sphere of influence. Alexander then stops in the year 635,427,810, revealing a harsh, rust-colored sky over a wasteland of Morlock caves. Finally accepting that he cannot save Emma, Alexander travels back to rescue Mara. After freeing her, he starts the time machine and jams its gears, creating a violent distortion in time. Alexander and Mara escape to the surface as a huge explosion kills the Morlocks and destroys their caves. Alexander begins a new life with Mara and the Eloi in 802,701. The film ends with two scenes in the same location displayed in parallel: while Alexander shows Mara and Kalen a field that was once his home, Philby and Alexander\'s housekeeper, Mrs. Watchit, sadly discuss his absence. Before leaving Alexander\'s lab, Mrs. Watchit says, "Godspeed, my fine lad. Godspeed."'] [' In the year 2002, Evan Treborn  frequently suffers from blackouts, often at moments of high stress. As a young child  and adolescent , Evan suffered many severe sexual abuse and psychological traumas. These traumas include being forced to take part in child pornography, being strangled by his mentally-ill father, causing an accident with dynamite with his friends, and seeing his dog being burned by his friend. Seven years later, while "entertaining" a girl in his dorm room, he realizes that when he reads from his adolescent journals, he can travel back in time, and is able to "redo" parts of his past. His time traveling episodes account for the frequent blackouts he experienced as a child. However, there are consequences to his choices that propagate back to his present life, his alternate personal futures progress from college student, to prisoner, to amputee. His efforts are driven by the desire to undo the most unpleasant events of his childhood which coincide with his mysterious blackouts, including saving his childhood sweetheart Kayleigh  from being molested by her father  and tormented by her sadistic brother . The actions he takes, and enables others to take during his blackouts, change the timeline in the new future where he awakes. As he continues to do this he realizes that even though his intentions are good, his actions have unforeseen consequences. Moreover, the assimilation of dozens of years\' worth of new memories from the alternate timelines causes him brain damage and severe nosebleeds. Ultimately, he decides that his attempts to alter the past end up only harming those he cares about, and realizes that the main cause of everyone\'s suffering in all the different timelines is himself. At the conclusion of the film, Evan purposely travels back in time one final time to the first day he met Kayleigh. Before this, Evan learns that Kayleigh had a choice to either stay with her mom or her dad. Because she wanted to stay with Evan, she decided to stay with her dad, which caused all the problems in the first place. By scaring her away, Evan makes sure that she goes with her mom, thus allowing her to never be a part of his life. Through this, Evan finally succeeds in saving her life. He then destroys all of his journals and memories so that he is not ever tempted again to make any more changes. The film ends eight years in the future with Evan leaving an office building in Manhattan and passing Kayleigh on a crowded sidewalk. They alternately pause and turn after spotting and passing each other. After a moment of hesitation, Evan lets her walk away without speaking to her.'] ['In New York City during October 1999, John Sullivan , a 36-year-old homicide detective, is still traumatized over the death of his fireman father Frank . Living in the same house where he grew up, he discovers his father\'s ham radio following a breakup with his girlfriend Samantha  and begins transmitting. Because of unusual aurora borealis activity, John discovers he has managed to make contact with his father exactly 30 years in the past the day before his death in a warehouse fire. Though Frank doesn\'t believe it is John, John is able to shout out a warning about the fire that took Frank\'s life. The next day as he tries to escape a burning building Frank remembers John\'s words and escapes safely. By saving his father from the fire, John has created a new timeline while retaining his memory of the old. At midnight, he tries calling his mother, but instead gets an answer from a deli. Later that day, John tries to patch up his relationship with Sam, but she does not remember him. John later discovers that in this new timeline Frank had died of lung cancer, and John\'s mother Julia Sullivan  was murdered by a serial killer. John is able to piece together that his mother\'s killer was called the "Nightingale Killer," a man who originally murdered three nurses before he vanished, but with the past changed he has now murdered 10, with Julia as the sixth. Using information from 1999 police files on the impending six killings, John and Frank work together across the gap of time to stop the murderer in 1969 and save Julia and the other six nurses. Frank successfully averts the murder of the first expected victim, but when he tries to prevent the next, he is attacked by the killer in a nightclub bathroom and his driver\'s license is taken from his wallet. When he regains consciousness, Frank rushes to the woman\'s apartment only to find he is too late. John realizes the killer\'s fingerprints are now on Frank\'s wallet and Frank is able to hide the wallet under a floorboard in the house, allowing John to retrieve it in 1999 and take it in to his crime lab. John learns that the fingerprints belong to a now-retired detective named Jack Shepard . It\'s shown that the reason he now has more victims was because Julia left the hospital in the original timeline and wasn\'t there to save his life from a medical mistake. In this new timeline he presumably stopped after being caught up in the Knapp hearings. Meanwhile in 1969, Frank is arrested by Satch DeLeon , John\'s future boss, when police find Frank\'s driver\'s license with Shepard\'s latest victim. As Frank struggles to continue speaking to John as Satch struggles with him, the ham radio is knocked off of Frank\'s desk and broken. At the station, Frank, using improvised skills from his Veteran Firefighting knowledge, is able to escape and searches Shepard\'s apartment for evidence. Meanwhile Satch, having been told by Frank about his communications with his son, watches the 1969 World Series and realizes Frank has told the truth when events he described to him come true. Shepard is presumed dead after a struggle with Frank and Frank is cleared of charges. Frank returns home and repairs the radio, happily telling John that Shepard is dead and Julia is saved. However, John\'s photographs still include Julia\'s death. Suddenly, in both 1969 and 1999, Shepard breaks into the home. While father and son both fight Shepard, the past Shepard is distracted by Julia and Frank shoots off his hand with a shotgun, causing him to flee. In 1999, Shepard is choking John when his hand shrivels and vanishes. The house ripples and the furnishings change as the timeline is adjusted, and Shepard is shot and killed by an aged Frank, the new alterations to the timeline saving both him and Julia. The film concludes with a neighborhood baseball game in 1999. Frank and Julia are there, along with John, who is now married to the ex-girlfriend who left him in the original timeline, and is now pregnant and who he has a son with, Frank Jr. Also, due to some advice John gave him over the radio, his best friend Gordo\'s life is now better. As John wins the game with a home-run that allows both himself and Frank to score, a montage is shown of John\'s life with his parents in the new timeline.'] 