['Charkavarthy , has two sons Giri and Ranjith . Giri is the younger one, who is the village Romeo and in love with his cousin Subbalakshmi . Ranjith turns into an ACP and meets his match Swathi . GK  is a member of the parliament, whose anti-social activities are contained by Ranjith. Also, Chakravarthy who spends 14 years in prison after falsely charged by GK in a case is released. GK plans to take revenge on the family. But, the person who comes to the rescue of the family and the people threatened by the villain’s plans is Giri. The story is on how he ends as winner, by saving lives and winning respect from his father. This movie was dubbed into Hindi as "Vijaypath-The Mission".'] ['Natarajan  is a Brahmin house-owner near the Parthasarathy Temple looking for a right tenant for the upper portion of his house. He is very protective of his college going beautiful daughter Gayathri . Since he often fears that the prospective tenant might romance with his daughter he filters all the people who come asking for the house. He rents out the house to five bachelor students who pretend to be good and later become a big headache for the father and daughter. On the advice of ‘Auto’ ([[Vivek , Natarajan brings Subramani  who charades himself as ‘Bottle Mani’, a dreaded thug to vacate the students. Incidentally Mani, who stays with his Jailor uncle , was thrown out of his house as he refuses to marry his daughter. Taking advantage of the situation, Mani befriends the five boys and starts staying with them. Priya  is the daughter of a wealthy gangster  and she is engaged to an affluent sadist ACP ([[Rahman . On the day of marriage Priya comes to know that her fiancée is already married and had murdered his first wife in a sadistic manner but her father forces her to marry him to cover up his illegal activities. She consumes poison just before the wedding time but was mistakenly kidnapped by Mani and Auto. Now Priya becomes one more addition in the upstairs portion. The rest of the story is how they fall for each other and how Mani saves her from the clutches of her dad and fiancee and marries her at the end.'] ["The movie begins with Paglu , a college student, meeting Rimi – a girl who comes down from the U.S. to take admission in 'Princeton' College. She becomes a matter of contention between Dev and his rival in college, Ronnie whom Dev defeats in a challenge and wins over Rimi. Rimi’s father, no less than a Senator in the U.S  lands up in town and takes her back to the U.S on the pretext of celebrating her birthday. He separates the couple, but they vow to get back to each other. Dev’s visa is rejected so he organizes a public rally and pleads his love for Rimi which helps him get his visa! Once he lands up there, he starts a game with Rimi’s father which sees Dev laying down a challenge to him and also sees him getting bashed up by his goons. He returns and takes Rimi away with him, but later Rimi goes back to her house before the deadline ends though they could have escaped as Dev wanted to prove a point. Dev goes back to India and Rimi joins him later."] ['Gudumba Shankar is a casanova. He is a small time thief who makes his living by arresting people. On his way to Mumbai, he accidentally meets Gowri. Both of them are forced to travel together. A few more incidents make them good friends. Then Shankar realizes that Gowri is a girl who ran away from her house. By then, they start having feelings for each other. A goonda Kumaraswamy  wants to marry Gowri forcibly, which is why she runs away from the home. Kumar Rathore finds out Gowri and takes her back to the house. Kumaraswamy is extremely superstitious and he heavily depends on the astrology of Parabrahma Swamy. Shankar blackmails Parabrahma Swamy and joins the wedding house as the wedding planner along with Ali and two other buddies. Shankar tricks Kumara Swamy so that he could marry Gowri.'] ["Shankar Pehalvan , is the leader of labor from Andhra in Mumbai. Shankar fights with the mafia don Bade Mia  and in the process Andhrawala also becomes a don. In the ensuing mafia feud, Bade Mia kills Shankar and his wife . Basha  - a trusted lieutenant of Sankar - takes away the kid to rescue him from Bade Mia. When mafia goons follow him, Basha leaves the kid on a footpath besides a beggar and leaves. The boy, Munna , is raised in a slum area. While Basha is in search of Munna to safeguard him, Bade Mia is in search of him to avenge the death of his son in the hands of Shankar. Thanks to the similarities in appearance of father and son, Basha and Bade Mia recognize that Munna is son of Sankar. Munna gets to know his identity and the story of his father and his death from Basha. In the meanwhile, Bade Mia men descend to Hyderabad to kill Munna. Munna decides to take the battle to Bade Mia and goes to Mumbai to confront with Bade Mia face to face. The rest of the story is all about how Munna succeeds in killing his family's murderers."] ["Bhadra  and Raja  are the thickest of friends. When Raja comes to the city to visit Bhadra, Bhadra notices Raja's sister, Anu , and is attracted to her instantly. When Raja visits his home village, Bhadra visits along with him. Anu, who returns from London, is impressed by Bhadra, who continually impresses her, based on her tastes. He gets along well with Raja's and Anu's family, in the meanwhile convinces them that he would make a prospective groom for Anu. Anu's family, mainly her brother and cousin, are involved in regional gangs in their village. When Anu takes out Bhadra to the temple for a visit, without the knowledge of their brother , a rival gang member group is attacked by Anu's cousin's group members and one of the member of the rival group gets hold of Anu and threatens to kill Anu. In a swift action of bravery and skill, Bhadra knocks down the rival group member. After this incident, Anu's brother, gives pandko a talk about why things are so violent in the village. He explains how he is a masters degree holder from a prestigious university  and how his wife is also a masters degree holder. Unfortunately, due the nature of the villages, the rivalry is deadly and fatal. He ultimately says, even though the villages are violent, he will remain a noble person, with high ideals. After a few days though, in the most ungrateful manner and a show cowardice, the rival gang fights with fierce brutality, and the rival gang leader Veerayya  murders Raja's entire family, except Anu. Bhadra makes the promise to Anu's brother that he will take up the responsibility of Anu and that he will eventually marry her. In the process, he also becomes a rival of Veerayya as he kills his younger brother  to protect Anu. After the tragedy, Bhadra and Anu head back to Bhadra's city to attend his sister's marriage. The movie shows the jovial aspects of the marriage ceremonies. At the end of the marriage, an uncle of Bhadra insults Anu and tells her to leave him and bribes her money to leave. Bhadra turns furious to his uncle and promised that he will marry Anu, whatever may come. Just as Anu and Bhadra go out to eat, the original rival gang of Veerayya returns and Bhadra, in a fit of deep rage and anger, kills all the rival gang members, chases them down a few miles. Realizing he left Anu behind, he goes back to find she is gone and then instantly becomes deeply dejected and despondent. This is when his father asks him to tell him what happened. The story he tells his father is the story that is written above. Meanwhile Surendra's Men trace Anu and bring her to Bhadra's home. Feeling that she is not safe anymore here, Bhadra plans to send her abroad. Anu is not happy with his decision as she loves him. After some circumstances, Anu comes to know that Bhadra too loved her while Bhadra is fighting with the gang of Veerayya. Atlast Veerayya is killed and Bhadra & Anu live a happy life forever."] ['Munna , Babu Kalyanam aka Bob Galy ([[Bharath , Juju ([[Nakul , Krishna  and Kumar  are five friends. They come from different backgrounds- Munna from a middle-class family, Bob Galy from a Telugu-speaking family, Juju from an academic-achieving family, Krishna from a rich family and Kumar from a poor family. But all of them have common interests- spending their time downing alcohol, ogling at girls, watching porn and complaining about their parents. Much to the chagrin of their parents, they have no interest in studies. They even go as far as hiring a prostitute  but all of them back down at the last moment. They meet a depressed middle-aged man, Mangalam ([[Vivek  in a bar one day and help him home after he passes out. Although they first use him as a source to get alcohol, Mangalam enjoys their company and becomes a mentor of sorts for the boys. One day, the boys see a teenage girl, Harini  and all of them decide to ask her out. Everyone’s try ends in disaster, but they all become friends. However, Munna is still in love with Harini and cannot forget her. He conveys his feelings to her while on a day-out in a resort, but she rejects him. Later, Harini\'s friend tells Munna that Harini would accept him only if he streaks on Mount Road, which was not true. But Munna believes her, does it and gets arrested. When Harini finds out what Munna had done, she gets him out on bail and accepts Munna\'s love. Eventually, both Munna\'s and Harini\'s parents find out about their relationship and are furious, as they want them to focus on their studies first. At a meeting at Harini\'s house, her parents decide that both Munna and Harini will not contact each other till their studies are over and after that, if they are still in love, the parents would not stand in their way. Although the kids agree to this, they continue to long for each other. Meanwhile, Harini\'s mother, determined to end her daughter\'s relationship with Munna, arranges a wedding alliance between Harini and her younger brother, who lives in the USA, despite Harini\'s protests. Harini and Munna run away from their homes and go to Tirupati, where they get married. On hearing this news, both Munna\'s and Harini\'s parents disown them. To show solidarity to Munna, his friends walk out of their homes too. Mangalam helps them find a modest residence and the teenagers take up part-time jobs to support themselves. This does not prove successful however, so Mangalam encourages them to explore their natural musical talents. The teenagers form a band named "Boys", making modern versions of popular Tamil devotional songs, and eventually gain recognition. Soon, they are approached by a Naxalite group to make songs against the government. They do it for the money however, and soon get arrested under POTA. After they are released from prison, the teenagers show more resolve to succeed. After a few unsuccessful attempts, they are finally signed by Sony Music and record their first album. While celebrating their success, Krishna, in a drunken state, accidentally tells Harini about their earlier encounter with a prostitute. A deeply-hurt Harini leaves Munna and returns to her parents, despite his protests that they did not meet before the encounter and that he did not have sex with the prostitute. As the prostitute is the only one who could prove that Munna did not have sex with her, the friends begin searching for her. Kumar spots the prostitute travelling in a bus and tries to get into the running bus, but in the process he falls under the wheels of the bus and dies. Munna decides that his words were more than enough proof for Harini and accepts Harini’s decision. Meanwhile, Harini agrees to marry her maternal uncle. Their album releases and becomes a huge hit. But without Harini, the lead female vocal for the group, the record labels are unwilling to sign the group. When the boys request Harini’s presence for a live show on MTV, her parents accept, but on the condition that Munna sign the divorce papers. Munna agrees, realising that their career is more important than their love. The group has a very successful live debut. They dedicate their first live success in memory of Kumar. On the day of the divorce hearings, Mangalam, now the pop group’s manager, fields many calls to replace Harini with another girl. When she looks at the pictures of all the pretty girls vying to be the group’s new lead female vocal, a bout of jealousy strikes her. She gets angry and starts hitting Munna. As they fight, they finally share a kiss. The judge  sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce. It is implied that Munna and Harini get back together.'] ["Rama Chandra  is the Deputy Commissioner of Police of Hyderabad City. His upbringing as an orphan, and the special nature of his job as a policeman, have left him reluctant to form relationships with women. He doesn't have much faith in the judicial system and seeks to 'eliminate' the criminals in the town through encounters. Rama Chandra, however, has fallen in love with Maya . She is a school teacher and has fallen in love with him. Initially he shuns her love, fearing that his enemies might cause harm to her. But her love is so deep for him that she is willing to take this risk, and they are married. In one of his encounters, Rama Chandra kills Das, an Orissa-based leader of a criminal family, and his troubles begin. Das’ brother Panda  resolves to take revenge on Rama Chandra for the death of his brother by targeting Chandra's friends and family members. Maya is kidnapped by these villains and her husband sets out to rescue her and to free Hyderabad City of this criminal menace at the same time. Despite facing growing horror and betrayal at every step, Rama Chandra defeats Panda and his mafia, and also rescuing his wounded wife. The ending scene features Rama Chandra a few months later, calling out to his wife 'Maya' and both leaving in a car."] ["Chandu 's entire life is about his mother, Lakshmi , a college lecturer. They together live in Hyderabad. When Chandu was a little boy, Lakshmi separated from her husband, Raghuveer , who is his father. Chandu is a great kick-boxer, and is very passionate. Chandu later meets Mugaambigaambaal  aka Chennai, a Tamil girl from Chennai, and starts to fall in love with her. Chandu's happy life is suddenly jolted when his mother dies of a heart attack. On her deathbed, she tells him to go to Visakhapatnam to meet Raghuveer, who is a kick-boxing champion that won the championship six times in a row. Chandu goes to Visakhapatnam to meet him. When Chandu reaches Visakhapatnam, he meets his father but sees that he has another wife, named Shalini  and a daughter named Swapna. He sees that he's happily settled with them and gets angry. He also gets a job as a janitor and juice provider at his father's kick-boxing academy. Anand  is Raghuveer's best student and he is sure that Anand will win the championship. Unexpectedly, he sees that Mugaambigaambaal's family lives here and talks to her. Later, Chandu finds out that Anand makes Swapna pregnant and then abandons her. Anand also abandons Raghuveer by getting another master and other sponsors. Raghuveer is attacked by several of Anand's sponsors and Chandu later beats them up, making Raghuveer find out that Chandu is a great kick-boxer. Raghuveer also finds out that Chandu was also participating in the kick-boxing championship. The rest of the story is how Raghuveer trains Chandu and wins the championship, how Chandu wins the heart of Mugaambigaambaal, and how he unites Swapna and Anand."] ["Geetanjali a.k.a. Geeta  goes to Kanyakumari on a trip. She finds a poem in a diary left on a beach and signs in it. Her anklet falls into the ocean and a guy jumps into the water in front of her eyes but no one sees him resurfacing. However, Geeta did not see who jumped in the ocean. She dreams about the incident frequently with the idea that the guy who jumped has died but her friends ask her to forget it. Ajay  is a spoiled brat, and is the son of local MP Avataram . He likes to flirt with beautiful girls and wants them to be his girlfriends. One day he sees Geeta and proposes to her. When she refuses, he threatens to jump from the top of college building. Being a weak-minded girl, Geeta accepts the proposal with the thought that as some guy has already died for her and she doesn't want someone to get hurt because of her and starts dating him. Arya  is a happy-go-lucky guy who enjoys his life with friends and kids. On his first day to the college, he sees Geeta who was just confessing her love to Ajay who was at the top of the college building, threatening her. Charmed by her beauty, Arya falls in love with her and proposes to her. She actually rejects his proposal saying that she is already committed to Ajay. One day Avataram arranges a party in his house and it so turns out that Ajay introduces Geeta to his father and persuades him to fix their marriage. Ajay's father, who initially pretended to accept his son's marriage with Geeta, turns tables upside down by introducing another girl Lalasa and announces that his son is going to marry Lalasa. He threatens his son not to marry anyone except Lalasa. Being embarrassed by the situation and helpless, Ajay sits down and starts to get frustrated. Arya, who loves Geeta so much that he never hesitated to help her, decides to bring Ajay to Geeta and helps them elope. On their way, they are followed by Avataram's henchmen. The three youngsters find a train and get into it. When they get down from the train in the night, they are shocked to see the leader of Avataram's henchmen who forces Geeta to come with him, defying his boss' order. On the other hand Ajay remains helpless, while Arya bravely fights all the men and finally defeats them, rescuing Ajay and Geeta. They walk on to the nearby town, Arya's hometown. Being tired, the three go to bed. The next morning they wake up and realize that Ajay is missing. Arya tries to convince Geeta that Ajay left to win over his father. This leaves private time for Arya and Geeta and they grow close to each other. Geetha starts liking Arya. But when she tries to reveal it to him, Ajay and his father return. Avataram agrees to get Ajay married to Geeta. On the day of wedding, Geeta finds out that Arya was the guy who dove into the sea for her anklet and realizes that he came into her life much before Ajay. She realizes that while Ajay blackmailed her into loving him, Arya just wanted to see her happy. Geeta also realizes that Arya truly loves her, while Ajay was just acting on his impulse of wanting what he couldn't have. She leaves the wedding hall in tears and confesses her love to Arya."] ["Chakram  is a foreign returnee and has a dream of building a hospital at Pulivendula. He is in love with his colleague, Lakshmi  who studied with him abroad. But leaves her half-way through after he realizes that he was struck with cancer. Not wanting to tell her, he moves to Hyderabad and stays in place called ‘Sahara Colony’. There, he tries to solve people problem's in the colony. Seeing all this, another girl who is also named Lakshmi  falls in love with Chakram. The rest is a heart-rending saga of the cancer-struck patient's love station."] [" Annavaram  has a lot of attachment with his sister Varam ([[Sandhya . He wants to see his sister trouble free even after marriage and hence wanted to get her married to a city guy who has all the facilities like mixie, grinder, gas stove, running water and such facilities. True to his taste, Annavaram marries Varam to a guy  who stays in Hyderabad. In order to leave her at her husband's place, Annavaram drops Varam in Hyderabad. Aishwarya  is the neighbour of Varam's husband who is chirpy and moves very close with everyone without any inhibition. During his stay, Annavaram finds that the city is full of goons and his brother-in-law pacifies him not to take everything to head and one should have the adjustment mentality to stay in the city. The city is ruled by two big goons called Tapas Balu and Puranapool Ganga . Unable to digest the situation, Annavaram returns to his village along with his close friend Narasimha ([[Venu Madhav . After a few months, Varam turns pregnant and Pandu's brother Gutkha Pandu threatens Varam's husband and takes away the canteen being run by him in a college. Varam gets frightened at the attack. Meanwhile, Narasimha gets Visa to fly to Dubai to work there. To see him off at the airport, Annavaram reaches Hyderabad again. Narasimha, Annavaram, Varam and her husband go to Golconda to see the fort, where Narasimha gets killed by Ganga. Varam and her husband reach the village to take part in the funeral of Narasimha. Annavaram detains his sister and brother in law in the village, but he leaves the village stating that he got a job. He reaches Hyderabad. He dares Tapas Balu and kills 20 of his men along with a corrupt police officer . He even calls up the ACP J.D. Yadav  that he would do the duty of the police as they were handcuffed with political pressures and can't take action against the goons. At this juncture, Annavaram meets his old friend Sairam  and with his help gets the details of all the goons and decide to eliminate all of them. To bail out from the crisis, Tapas Balu kidnaps ACP's daughter Sanjana. Annavaram attacks Balu and kills him and saves her. Then he targets Ganga's brother Pandu and kills him. Next is the turn of Ganga. Like this, he eliminates all the goons and makes Hyderabad a clean city sans any goondas by the time Varam delivers a baby boy. The film ends on a happy note with the union of Annavaram and Aishwarya."] ["Srinivas  is very popular in his village as Dubai Seenu. He has dreams of going to Dubai to earn lots of money. However, Seenu and his friends reach Mumbai get cheated by a fraudster ([[Venu Madhav . After realising that they were cheated, they start a Pav Bhaji centre with the help of Patnaik . He is also a fraudster. Madhumati , who was working as a Radio Jockey goes to Mumbai in search of her brother. Seenu meets Madhu in a local train and loses his heart. Luckily she surfaces right before his Pav Bhaji centre. Seenu dares to propose his love, but Madhu does not reply and disappears. While Seenu was in search of Madhu, he meets Chakri . In fact, Seenu helps Chakri who loved Puja  and got them married. Chakri and Puja promise Seenu to help him to go to Dubai. They make all arrangements. They too plan to return to Hyderabad to repay the loan borrowed by Chakri's father for his education. Just before leaving the office, Chakri finds that their boss is none other than Jinna Bhai  the most wanted mafia don in India. Finding that Chakri recognised him, Jinna and his brother  kill both of them right before Seenu. Minutes before his death, Chakri reveals that Madhu was his sister. Seenu returns to Hyderabad.he also meets madhumathi and pays off her debt.when she asks how he got the money he reveals that it's her brother's money. Madhumathi's uncle  also wants to marry her. In the end, Seenu kills Jinna and his people and marries Madhumathi."] ["The movie begins with Ajith, a driving instructor leading a happy life with his mother Sujatha. She hides from him the truth that his father, Nizhalgal Ravi, was murdered by a dadha, Babu Anthony. The mother much against the boy’s wish packs off Ajith’s twin brother with a family who offer to adopt him, who had been witness to the murderer from a close quarter, to a distant town. He escapes from the family and goes to Tuticorin and grows to become a gangster there. When the younger Ajith visits Tuticorin, he comes across his elder brother. Seizing the opportunity, the elder brother kidnaps the younger one and decides to go as the driving instructor to Chennai. Initially, he plans to take revenge on his mother for packing him off from their house at a very young age. He hurts her at every step and even plans to sell off all their property. On the other hand, the younger Ajith is mistaken as the gangster and is subject to attacks by the local gangsters of Tuticorin. Younger Ajith escapes from them and returns to Chennai to save his mother. In the meantime Older Ajith comes to know about his father's death and that Babu Antony was the cause for the same. He avenges his father's death and leaves younger Ajith with his mother to live happily and goes off to jail to keep his mother in belief that he is somewhere in the world living happily."] ["Godavari is a film about Ram, Seetha and the river cruise that brings them together. Its a semi-urban love story set against the scenic backdrop of the Godavari river aboard a houseboat also called the “Godavari”. Its a story about Ram and Seetha who decide to take a break from their disappointing lives in the city. They leave behind their personal and professional problems and decide to take a cruise on the river, Godavari, from Rajamundry to Badrachalam. They meet aboard the cruise liner and from there starts a story involving friendship, adventure, and eventually love. The story also reflects the characteristic culture of the Godavari region. There are also several sub stories involving the other characters on the house boat. Ram  is an idealistic man. He wishes to make a career in politics even though he’s actually a software engineer with a degree from the USA. He lives with his grandmother in a middle class colony. He's in love with his cousin, Raji, whom he hopes to marry someday. However Raji declines Ram's proposal as she's insecure about his professional and financial future. A heartbroken but realistic Ram is forced to join her and his family on the river journey to Badrachalam, where Raji is due to get married to another man, Ravi. Ravi unlike Ram is a rich guy and also an IPS recruit. Seetha  runs an unsuccessful clothing boutique. Her parents want her to forget about her business and tell her to get married instead. Seetha is not enthusiastic about the idea, however circumstances force her to reluctantly agree with her parents. Unfortunately, the marriage alliance doesn’t work out for her and she subsequently choses to take a break from everything by going on the same Godavari river journey. How Ram and Sita fall in love forms the rest of the story. The animated dog  and parrot also have their significant roles in the movie. The treasure hunt scenes are fun to watch."] ["SRK  is a real estate contractor. He uses muscle power to encroach land and make money. His business rival Gopala Krishna GK  is the 'Boss' of GK Constructions. GK has the power to handle goons as well as the real estate business. He calls for applications from MBA graduates as his personal secretary. None of the applicants reach his expectations. He accidentally meets Anuradha Anu  and thinks that she is fit for the job. As a 'Boss' he is tough with his staff but has lots of concern over them. During a trip to Malaysia, Anu and GK get closer and Anu loses her heart to GK. When she is about to confess her love, Anu gets involved in a petty issue and faces the wrath of GK. Consequently, she resigns from her job. GK calls for interviews for his personal secretary again and zeroes in on Sruthi . It is revealed that she was planted in GK's office by SRK. In order to get her father Rammurthy released from a false case, Sruthi steals a tender file. However, she does not hand it over to SRK and demands her father's release. The crooked SRK does not listen to her. At this juncture, she tries to escape from the scene and is saved by GK at the insistance of Anu. However, Anu is injured in the attack by goons in the process, but goes straight to the Tenders office and files the tender to save GK from a huge loss and to fulfil his ambition of securing his dream project. When GK is about to thank her, she admits her love for him, only to learn of his past. In the flashback, GK reveals that he loved Sanjana  and married her. She died in a tsunami shortly after. He says he can't replace Sanjana. GK refuses Anu's love politely. As time goes by, Sanjana's mother Sumitra  dies of illness in Malaysia and her husband Viswanath  tells GK that her last wish is the marriage of GK with Anu. GK also gets a feeling that Sanjana also wants the same. He returns to India and unites with Anu and the film ends on a happy note."] ["Shivaji  and Ashok  are the sons of Parvati . Shivaji is her stepson, but Parvati showers equal affection on both of them and this is not liked by Ashok, who is her real son. They are one of the families living on the coastals of Srilanka. One day, this village is forced to evacuate and Shivaji is separated from the family. He ends up in a different boat and lands in Vizag port. He is brought up in the port itself. But his search for his mother never ceases. In that process he comes across Neelu . Here, the port is dominated by Baji Rao  and some goons using refugee labor for their own gain. Shivaji is an aggressive guy, but is controlled by his well wishers. One day, he reacts aggressively in defense of himself and the other refugees. The people start calling him Chhatrapati. Ras Bihari  comes down to Vizag in the hunt for Shivaji since he killed his brother Baji Rao. Also, Ashok lands in the same place. Realizing that Shivaji is his brother, he joins hands with the bad guys. The story is then of Chatrapati's who is searching for his mother and has a bunch of bad guys including his brother on his back while the entire port looks up to him."] ['Devadas  is the typical poor student, while Bhanumati  is a rich NRI girl whose father is the senator of New York. They fall in love when the girl comes to India to learn classical Carnatic music. Coming to know about their love, Bhanu’s father Katamraju  hatches a plan to separate them. He promises to get them married but he takes her daughter, and her grand mother back to the USA. The rest of the story is how the street-smart lover boy makes it to the USA and succeeds in attaining his girl.'] ["Charan Raj is a dacoit and Sarath Babu, SP arrests him. Charanraj wounds himself and is taken to hospital for cure, where he sees Sarath babu waiting for his wife  to give birth to his child. Charanraj escapes and takes one of the twins with him, hurting Sangeetha. Sarathbabu goes behind him but he could not find the child but shoots Charanraj. The child was taken by a lady who works as a daily labour with her husband. They have a daughter and one day in an accident at construction place were killed. The two children become orphans and they grew up but the brother Deva  with his friend  become thieves for earning. On the other hand, Sangeetha goes into coma and Sarathbabu takes her to America for cure, where other twin Vikram  is brought up. He returns India as a rock start to give performances here. He is received by Giribabu  who wishes to give his daughter Manga (Ramya Krishna to him. But Ramya is in love with Deva. In the airport he sees Soundarya (daughter of [[Annapoorna  and falls in love with her. Srihari who is Annapurna's brother also wishes to marry Soundarya.Meanwhile at home Ramya advances with him thinking he is Deva only. One day in a restaurant they see each other and find that they are identical. Meanwhile Deva's sister sees Napolean  killing an Inspector on the road and provides evidence in the court. Enraged Napolean teases her and Deva fights with him. Days pass and Deva's sister is admitted into hospital for delivery. Deva asks Vikram to stay at hospital as he is going in search of money. Vikram with his father comes to hospital where the goons sent by the villain come to kidnap Deva's sister. Napolean recognizes Sarathbabu that he who killed is father  and also knows that Deva is his son. He takes his sister and blackmails him to get Sarathbabu to release his siter. Deva who doesn't know that Sarathbabu is his father goes to his house where he comes to the truth from Vikram. The duo now take revenge on the villain and gets their sister for treatment. The story ends with the duo marrying their respective ladies."] ['Bangaram is a reporter at a news channel. he dreams of getting into an international news channel of BBC. On his own dream he ends at Peddi Reddy who is an factionest. he needs his signature to get his dream full filled but before that he gets entangled with Peddi"s daughter Sandhyaand Vindhya. later Bhooma Reddy wins over Peddi\'s heart and is able to convince him to marry Sandhya to him. but Sandhya has already got her own love story with Vinay. Bangaram feeling guilty about foiling Sandhya\'s escape plan and mean looks of vindhya, he finally helps her by taking her to the city. but then the villains are not to far behind. later vinay also losses contact in a bomb blast. then Bangaram is able to find Vinay with the help of a driver and his company. but just then Bhooma kidnaps Vindhya and blackmails Bangaram that he will marry her if Sandhya is not returned. but he later goes to Bhoooma and able to save Vindhya and kill Bhooma which forms the climax. In the end it is reveled that, Bangaram finds his own love in a train journey.'] ["Krishna Lanka is an island in Godavari districts. The only way of commuting to that island is by boats. Lots of people die due to bad whether conditions while they travel. Krishna Lanka's President Bullabbai  wants to have a bridge to that island which costs several crores. He asks his IAS friend Venkata Ratnam  to make his dream come true. Even 20 years after Venkata Ratnam leaving the village, there is no news about the bridge. Bullebbai sends his son Chandu  to Hyderabad to meet Venkata Ratnam and know the progress. After coming to Hyderabad, Chandu realizes that Venkata Ratnam is very money-minded and is least bothered about the bridge. The rest of the story is all about how Chandu makes Venkata Ratnam get the bridge approved by the government."] ["Arjun and his twin sister Meenakshi  finish college. During college days Meenakshi falls in love with her classmate, which she expresses later to her family when she is shown proposals from others. Arjun sets out to Madurai in Tamil Nadu where Uday is about to get married who also awaits for Meenakshi, to elope with. Arjun makes a dramatic appearance, with no apparent disapproval from the parents Meenakshi gets married to Uday. Meanwhile Arjun meets a girl, Shriya Saran who happens to be from Madurai too. After the marriage Uday's parents  secretly plan to kill Meenakshi as they had lost a chance to grab a millionaire's property by the arranged marriage. How Arjun meets the plans to kill his sister and saves each time is the crust of the story. In this film, the name of the character played by Mahesh Babu is not revealed till the end. The other roles call him with the name of the relation, but none call him Arjun, and this is revealed only at the end."] ["Neelakanta Naidu  is a big factionist. He has a loyal confidant called Narasimha fro imis , who is willing to give his life for the sake of his master. After gap of many years, Neelakanta Naidu's wife gives a birth to a baby daughter. But all the earlier babies born to Neelakanta Naidu died due to some unknown reason. The priests advise Neelakanta to name his daughter as 'Gangotri' . They also warn Neelakanta that the kid is having 'jalagandam', hence they ask Neelakanta to take Gangotri to the holy place of Gangotri in Himalayas and do the 'abhyangana snanam'  for the next 15 years. After 15 years, Gangotri would be free of any dangers. When nobody could entertain the kid Gangotri; Simhadri  - the son of Narasimha - makes her smile by entertaining her with a song. Simhadri becomes a servant cum friend to Gangotri. They grow together. In the mean time mother of Simhadri  sacrifices her life to save Neelakantam. When Gangotri attains puberty, Gangotri's aunt  restricts Simhadri from meeting Gangotri. Gangotri and Simhadri realize that they fell in love. When Simhadri comes to Gangotri's place clandestinely to meet her, they are caught red-handed by Neelakantam. Neelakantam beats Simhadri. Meantime, Narasimha comes to the spot and interferes. This causes a rift between Neelakantam and his trusted lieutenant Narasimha. Neelakantam is misinformed about Narasimha's intentions; hence he bombs the house of Narasimha. Simhadri is away at that time. When Simhadri comes to know that Neelakantam is responsible for the bombing, he comes to Neelakantam's house and challenges that he would marry Gangotri in 365 days. Then Simhadri reaches Gangotri and waits for his ladylove to come to that place for the final sacred bath. The rest of the film is about how Simhadri and Gangotri unite together."] ['Arjun  is an NRI who lives with his grandfather  and grandmother Padmavathi . Padmavathi wants Arjun to get married. She also tells Arjun\'s grandfather but does not take it seriously. Suddenly one morning, Padmavathi dies in her sleep. Arjun\'s grandfather feels bad that he couldn\'t fulfill his wife\'s last wish: to get Arjun married. So he tries to convince Arjun for marriage. Arjun refuses and his grandfather leaves for India, where there are some people who will listen to him and give him respect. Arjun finds out that his grandfather is in India and flies from Germany to India to bring back his grandfather. His grandfather only agrees to come only if Arjun would marry. Arjun, along with the help of his friend Puppy ([[Sunil , close in on three girls: Shalini , Sravani  and Sandhya . Shalini is a tennis player, Sravani is a student who is pursuing MBBS, and Sandhya is women\'s activist. Incidentally, all three girls happen to be Arjun\'s childhood friends. Arjun poses as Krishna to hide is identity from his childhood friends. Arjun first impresses Shalini when meeting her and her father in an elevator. Shalini\'s father thinks that he makes big bucks. However, Arjun leaves on a lasting impression on Shalini. Next, Arjun gives a first impression to Sandhya, but not really a good one. As Arjun and Puppy on their way to Sandhya\'s house, Arjun has "to go" and urinates on the wall on Sandhya\'s house, unknowingly. This rages Sandhya and demands that Arjun should replace her plants he urinated on and do community service. Finally, Arjun sees Sravani in a coffee place and steals her bag, which included her cell phone. Sravani looks for her bag but couldn\'t find it. She gets scolded by her aunt and uncle for losing a valuable cell phone. Just then, Arjun calls and claims that he found her bag. He asks her to meet her at a restaurant the next day. The same night, Arjun and Shalini go out and have a ball. This makes Arjun confirm his choice about Shalini. The next day when Arjun goes to return the bag, he feels so sorry after knowing how cruel Sravani\'s aunt and uncle are to her. Her parents died and her grandmother is paralyzed. Arjun gets frustrated between Shalini and Sravani. Soon later, Arjun becomes friends with Sandhya, after knowing that she still has feelings for her friend Arjun . Stuff get even complicated and now Arjun must make a choice between Shalini, Sravani, and Sandhya. He goes to his grandfather for advice and his grandfather tells him that it\'s not enough just to like a person: you must also show love to that person. Arjun decides to randomly draw one of the three names and whoever gets picked, Arjun would try to love that girl. First is Sandhya. Arjun tries to tell Sandhya that he loves her through illogical ways. Because Sandhya is very ignorant, Arjun calls her a tomboy and Sandhya slaps him. Now he randomly draws another name and this time, it is Shalini. But he gets a phone call from Shalini that she is in the airport. Arjun quickly rushes to see Shalini and Shalini says that she has a tournament in Switzerland and also has a boyfriend. Arjun gets disappointed big time and gets a call from Sravani, saying that she is at the hospital. Arjun again rushes and goes to the hospital and finds out that Sravani\'s grandmother\'s situation is not looking good. There is a big crowd around the table and Sravani is afraid to talk up, as she fears that no one will listen to her. Arjun gives her courage and Sravani is able to speak for herself. He also pays for Sravani\'s grandmother\'s operation behind Sravani\'s back. By the time, Arjun reaches his place, he gets a call from Shalini, saying that she was just messing with Arjun . She asks him to come to Switzerland and Arjun goes to Switzerland. Shalini throws the tournament so that she can romance with Arjun. But one night, Shalini\'s father gets drunk and upset because his daughter lost the competition. Arjun gets upset too because he was selfishly thinking about himself only. The next day, Arjun leaves for India, saying to Shalini that she should pursue her career and to remain an inspiration to others. Arjun gives away his identity and shocks Shalini. Shalini also wishes the best for Arjun in his life. After coming back to India, Arjun learns that Sravani is getting engaged to an NRI in the United States. Sravani thinks that her fiance is paying for her grandmother\'s operation when Arjun was paying for it the whole time. Now, Arjun lost all three of his choices. He goes back to his grandfather and asks him to go back with him to Germany. Arjun\'s grandfather gives him another idea: to choose proposals from a list he already selected. Arjun doesn\'t like any of the proposals. There he meets Sandhya and Sandhya finds out that he was her childhood friend. Sandhya proposes Arjun and Arjun says that yes, he will marry her. At a party, Arjun meets Sharat , Sandhya\'s ex. Arjun finds out that Sharat still has feelings for Sandhya. Arjun manages to link up Sandhya with Sharat and both happily go their own way. Again, Arjun lost all his choices. Arjun goes to Sravani\'s wedding to wishes Sravani and her fiance all the best. But he overhears the groom talking about leaving Sravani after the wedding. Arjun punches him in the face and a huge fight happens. Arjun\'s grandfather also goes to the marriage and Sravani instantly recognizes who he is . She hears Arjun calling from downstairs and looks to see him beaten. Arjun confesses that he is her childhood friend. She does not believe at first but after asking his grandfather, she runs downstairs to embrace Arjun. The elders also believe that the marriage between Sravani and her fiance should end as he is a cheat. The film ends with Arjun marrying Sravani, settling in Germany.'] ["Prakash , a carefree, mischievous student graduates from College. During his celebration with his friends, he gets into a road accident. Although the accident is only minor, during medical tests, he is diagnosed with terminal cancer and has few months left. Unable to hear his mother's constant crying, he packs his bags and leaves to his family’s vacation home in Ooty for a few weeks. There he Geetanjali , who enjoys playing pranks on people around her. In one incident, Geetanjali asks a guy to meet her in a cemetery at midnight to elope together but when he comes to meet her, she along with her sisters and friends plans out an elaborate prank by dressing up as ghosts to scare him away. When she tries to pull the same prank on Prakash, who is already aware of this, it backfires as he pulls a bigger prank on her by dressing himself as a vampire and along with aerial wire stunts, scares her. After being unsuccessful in scaring Prakash away, Geetanjali forms another plan in which she complains to her grandmother by saying that Prakash had asked her  to elope with him. Furious at this knowledge, Geetanjali's grandmother confronts Prakash about it. Though Prakash tries his best to explain the truth, Geetanjali's grandmother chides him and humiliates him in public. Prakash becomes angry and retaliates by driving Geetanjali to a hill side area and leaving her there. Later that night, Geetanjali's sister comes to Prakash and tells him that Geetanjali has still not returned home and they are getting worried about her. Prakash goes out to look for her and upon finding her shivering in cold, brings her back to her family. Geetanjali's grandmother scolds Prakash for pulling such a prank on Geetanjali as such things could have worsen her health condition. Curious at this, Prakash inquires about her health. To his dismay, he finds out that she has a terminal illness. This intrigues him as she is always happy and energetic. Geetanjali tells him that she's not worried about her impending death as everyone who lives in this world will be gone someday. She also tells him that she's not bothered about what happens in the future and she only lives for today. This teaches Prakash to take his own impending death in his stride and live life to the fullest. Prakash begins to fall in love with Geetanjali and pursues her. Thinking that this is also a part of his mischief, Geetanjali keeps putting him off. But one thing leads to another and soon, she too reciprocates his love. One day, Prakash's mother comes to visit him and finds out about her son's love. Not knowing that Prakash has been keeping his illness a secret from Geetanjali, his mother blurts out the truth to Geetanjali. She becomes heart-broken knowing that Prakash's condition is worser than her own. She confronts Prakash and tells him to leave her. Prakash reminds Geetanjali that everyone dies one day and so will he. He tells her that his death is no exception. But a devastated Geetanjali admits that his own life is more important to her than her own and she would not be able to see his death. She begs him to leave her and tells him that she doesn't want to see him again. That night, Geetanjali's health worsens and she is admitted in the hospital. After getting the news, Prakash rushes to the hospital to meet her but Geetanjali's father, who happens to be a doctor, requests him to leave as the same is the wish of Geetanjali herself. Prakash becomes sad and decides to leave the town. At the same time, Geetanjali undergoes an operation for her heart. Hours after her operation, Geetanjali slowly opens her eyes. Her whole family rejoices at her recovery. Geetanjali looks at her father and tells him that she wants to meet Prakash. The family finds out that he is planning to leave the town and rush Geetanjali to the train station. The movie ends as Geetanjali and Prakash embrace each other in the train station."] ['Srikrishna ([[Siddharth  grows up watching films playing in the theatre in which his father works as a movie-projectionist in a village. Satya  is harassed by Vicky ([[Munna  - son of a politician - who wants to marry her. Satya escapes from home and Srikrishna falls in love with her the first time he meets her. As the goons and police chase Satya, Srikrishna protects her and drops her in the house of the politician. He wins Vicky’s confidence. Then, he plays a one sided game with him. At the end, the police that were working with Vicky turn against him and arrest Vicky and his parents. Satya and Srikrishna get married.'] ["The film is essentially the story of a girl Roopa . She begins her day with classical music lessons for kids in her neighborhood followed by her day job in an ad-agency. Roopa loses her parents in a tragic accident and from then on has had to fend for things herself. Roopa is about to get married to her colleague in the ad-agency, Rahul, a rich marwari. Her close friend Anitha  worries that Roopa will have to compromise on her freedom after her marriage into the orthodox north Indian family. Her worries come true on the day of marriage when Rahul's mother makes a big deal about a trivial issue and Rahul doesn’t support Roopa. Roopa then realizes she will have to lose her individuality if she marries Rahul and takes a painful decision to call off the marriage. Into her life moves Anand, the son of an industrialist and its his father who is responsible for the accident that kills Roopa’s parents. His father, consumed by guilt, loses his mental balance. Anand brings his father to Roopa’s wedding without her knowledge and witnesses the events that lead to the marriage being called off. When he sees Roopa, he decides that Roopa is the woman for him. Anand leaves his studies in the US and decides to move into a room next to Roopa’s house. The attempt of the film was to juxtapose the very simple things in life one yearns for, like a beautiful early morning, a cool evening breeze, a chilly moon lit night or a beautiful rainy day, while sitting at your porch and relishing a hot cup of good coffee."] ['Ghani  is an orphan raised by Delhi’s new don – Khan  who is also from Hyderabad. He turns into Khan’s henchman committing all the crimes his boss wants, until one day when he refuses to kill a woman . The reason behind his decision leads to a sub plot. Khan plans to eliminate Ghani for his betrayal, but his plan is unsuccessful and it leaves the hero with a mere wound, while the girl Indu  gets killed in the combat. The next episode opens in Hyderabad, where Pawan Kalyan christens himself as Balu, the name his dead lover used to call him. He is on a mission to eliminate the local mafia head Nayudamma, who has control over the land.'] ["Devadas is a well educated guy who returns to his village after spending several years in London for his education. Parvathi ([[Savitri  is his childhood sweet heart and both of them make a very adorable pair. Things take a bad turn when Parvathi's family proposes for marriage to Devadas's family and get rejected on the grounds that they are of inferior caste and social status. Devadas upon persistence and threatening from his father rejects Parvathi when the latter meets him personally and asks for his love. A dejected Devadas returns to the city while Parvathi gets married. Devadas realizes that he is deeply in love with Parvathi but comes to know that she is already married when he returns to his village. To forget her he becomes alcoholic and spends his time with a courtesan named Chandramukhi  who falls in love with him. As time pass by Devadas condition worsens due to heavy drinking and after knowing that he doesn't have much time left and plans to meet Parvathi for one last time. In a fitting climax he dies even before he meets Parvathi ending the movie on a sad note."] ["Rishi  is an inspector in the Intelligence Bureau. His colleagues fondly call him 'Mirapakaay'. The chief of the IB, Narayana Murthy  gets information that Kittu Bhai , a mafia don, is trying to spread his tentacles in India and is targeting Delhi first. During the course of the investigation, ACP  is killed by Shankar , a local goon with the help of his son . Murthy sends Rishi to Hyderabad and gets him admitted to a college as a Hindi lecturer as part of an undercover operation. Rishi meets Vinamra  at a temple & falls in love at first sight. Incidentally, she studies in the same college and in the same class to which Rishi teaches Hindi. Their love blossoms. At this juncture, Vaishali , daughter of Kittu Bhai, joins the same college. Grabbing the opportunity, the IB chief asks Rishi to extract information about Kittu from Vaishali. Rishi manages to make Vaishali fall for him and using her, He reaches Kittu after killing Shankar and his son. He finally arrests Kittu and his Gang and completes an interrogation with Vaishali. The film ends with Rishi convincing an angry Vinamra to marry him."] ["Johnny loses his mother when he was a kid. After his mother dies, Johnny runs away from his father as he is a chain smoker, a drinker, and doesn't care for his son. Years later, Johnny becomes a martial arts coach. One day, a girl named Geeta  lodges a complaint on Johnny for beating up a man. Later, Geeta comes to know that it was a misunderstanding. After Geeta apologizes, both become friends and eventually get married. A while after the marriage, Johnny finds out that his wife has cancer. Borrowing all money he can from his friends, he moves to Mumbai but he is still short of the money needed to treat his wife's cancer. That's when Johnny comes to know through a stranger that there are boxing fights everyday. At first, Johnny refuses the offer but as soon as he sees the terrible condition of his wife, he accepts the offer and goes through boxing competitions to raise money. Geeta's condition deteriorates to a point that Johnny needs 2 lakhs overnight. The owner of the boxing fights makes a deal with Johnny that he must fight two professional martial artists to get 2 lakhs overnight. The rest is how he defeats them."] ['Sahasra  is a chorus singer struggling to make a career in playback singing. One night she attends a wild party at the behest of her friend. The next day, life seems as usual for Sahasra. Only she is oblivious of one small detail: The next day is actually the day after. And she is completely unaware of what happened during that one missing day. She realizes something is amiss only when, a few days later, she is chased by unidentified men who try to eliminate her. The rest of the story is about finding the missing links and putting together the jigsaw puzzle.'] 