["Twin zoologists Oswald and Oliver Deuce  are at work studying the behavior of animals at a zoo, when their wives are killed in a car accident involving a large swan. The woman who was driving the car, Alba Bewick , is not killed, but she sustains enough damage to warrant the amputation of a leg. Venus de Milo , a woman associated with the zoo, attempts to forge a relationship with the twins, ostensibly to help them recover from their loss. Meanwhile, Oswald and Oliver gradually become obsessed with images of growth and decay, watching videos on the origins of life and creating time-lapse video of decomposing life forms. They begin this latter task with a green apple, bitten into and rotting before their camera lens. The twins' descent sees them become romantically involved with Alba, and increasingly attached to one another. Venus de Milo remains involved with them enough to observe their obsessions grow: they take to video-taping the decomposition of prawns, and they take a personal interest in Alba's childhood, going so far as to ask her to show them a field seen in a photograph on her bedside table. They become obsessed with snails, and they take advantage of their contacts at the zoo to create decomposition videos of more and more complex animals, moving gradually up the food chain.  Alba becomes a subject for the experiments of her surgeon, who eventually amputates her other leg, claiming it is putting stress on her spine. His true motive is to fashion Alba into a subject of his recreations of Johannes Vermeer paintings; Venus de Milo participates in this process, as well. Ultimately, the Deuce brothers' obsession with decay leads them to the top of the food chain, and to a complex life-and-death negotiation with Alba herself. The brothers' project seems the only possible emotional investment for either of them, so Alba offers herself as the final specimen to be photographed in its decay. However, her family intervenes before the brothers can claim her, so they are forced to find another way to create their final time-lapse video. They do so by returning to the field of Alba's childhood and setting up the necessary equipment to facilitate and capture their own decomposition."] ["The picaresque story follows its protagonist, Pasqualino  who, as a dandy and small-time hood in Naples, to save the family honour, is sent to prison for killing a pimp  who had turned Pasqualino's sister into a prostitute. Convicted and sent to prison, Pasqualino succeeds in being transferred to a psychiatric ward. Desperate to get out, he volunteers for the Italian Army, but then somewhere in Germany he deserts with a comrade. They are captured and sent to a concentration camp. There, in a bid to save his own life, Pasqualino decides to gain the sexual favors of the obese and ugly female commandant . His plan succeeds, except for the fact that he is then put in charge of the barracks as a kapo, and is obliged to select six men to be killed under the threat that if he doesn't do so, they will all be killed. Pasqualino ends up executing the soldier with whom he was captured and being responsible for the death of another fellow prisoner, a Spanish anarchist. At the war's end, upon his return to Naples, Pasqualino discovers that his seven sisters, his fiancée and even his mother have all survived through prostitution."] ['A psychiatrist, Dr. Park , interviews Arthur Poppington  in a psychiatric evaluation. At first he is confused, but he slowly opens up to Dr. Park, recalling an incident in which he assaulted Mr. Debrofkowitz, the owner of a dry-cleaning service. He starts his story one night where he not is investigating shipment docks, and assaults a police officer who claims to be working undercover. Dooney  is a corrupt detective whose crack smoking, and having a prostitute in his company, leads Defendor to believe that he is under the employ of his arch nemesis, named Captain Industry. After leaving Dooney, he goes to a coffee shop while his description goes out on an APB. A nearby policeman hears it on his radio, and Poppington is arrested. The captain in charge, Fairbanks , sparks a kinship with Poppington because both of their grandfathers had served in the war, a subject which came up upon Fairbanks recognizing the trench club that Poppington uses as a primary weapon. After releasing him, Arthur takes his weapon back and disappears. It becomes apparent that Arthur lives alone in the government construction department that he works at during the day. His life is very solitary, but after another confrontation with Dooney, he meets Angel , the prostitute who was smoking crack with Dooney. He is brutally beaten by Dooney\'s friends and she helps him recover. He learns that she is aware of Captain Industry\'s whereabouts and he allows her to live with him because with Dooney mad at her, she has no place else to go. For $40 a day, he enlists her help in apprehending Industry. It is also revealed that Poppington\'s mother Fay had left him as a child, and drug abuse and possibly prostitution killed her some years later. His grandfather said that the "captains of industry" killed her. As a child he misinterpreted and got the impression that one man was responsible. Angel later reveals that she had been lying about her name. Her real name is Katerina Debrofkowitz. Arthur\'s boss and close friend Paul ([[Michael Kelly , becomes concerned that Arthur is living at the construction depot with a prostitute. Paul tries to help Arthur, and offers him the opportunity to come and live with him and his family. Arthur rejects the offer. Paul gives Arthur a cell phone in case he is ever needed. That night, Arthur ventures out to spy on "Captain Industry" and Dooney in a meeting, but accidentally makes himself known. After a short chase Arthur calls Paul\'s line before he is shot by one of the henchman\'s machine guns, Paul forces Angel to take him to where Arthur was supposed to be that night, and they call the paramedics. While undergoing surgery, Paul orders Angel to leave Arthur alone. They are relieved when they find out that he was shot with training bullets. Before leaving, Angel visits Arthur, who is lying unconscious in recovery. She reveals that she ran away because her father was physically abusing her. After she leaves, Arthur opens his eyes, having heard everything. Angered at how Angel was treated, Arthur walks down to the mall in his hospital robes, beats up Mr. Debrofkowitz at his store, throws him through the glass window of his shop, and stuffs him into a garbage can. After Dr. Park absorbs the story, she tells Arthur that what she admires most about him is his honesty, although she also says that there are better ways of dealing with someone like Mr. Debrofkowitz. A hearing prior to their meeting revealed that Paul came to defend Arthur after the issue at the mall, telling him about Arthur\'s delusions of being Defendor, and the judge mandated a psychological evaluation to determine if he can be returned to society or locked up in prison. A reporter approaches Paul and convinces him to let her run a story about Arthur as the Defendor, and he agrees in hopes of some positive approval ratings. People become inspired by Defendor\'s attempts to save lives and fight crime despite his personal risks and arrest. The judge orders Paul be Arthur\'s guide to reintroduce him to society, which is nearly ruined when news that he can never become Defendor again causes Arthur to nearly go ballistic. Depressed about having to leave Arthur, Angel becomes desperate for a hit, and tries to get back together with Dooney. However, knowing her affiliation with Defendor, he instead holds her hostage, and sends Arthur a threat to not reveal anything he had learned to the police. Arthur decides to take the risk to save Angel and once again dons his persona. Kat manages to escape Dooney by shooting off his testicles and the pair reunite. She is devastated when he reveals he still plans to go after Captain Industry, and tells him that she lied about the identity of Captain Industry due to a personal vendetta she has with him. She orders Arthur to take a gun she stole from Dooney for safety. He reveals his plans to the police but escapes before they can take him into custody again, leading a trail of road flares to the docks. Defendor manages to subdue Industry\'s henchmen, but does not defend himself against Industry who fatally shoots him. As Arthur lays dying, Angel runs to help him. She promises to stop smoking crack and to get a job outside of prostitution. In an earlier conversation Kat revealed she had always had a talent in writing, that Arthur had described as being "like Lois Lane". She promises to be like her and Arthur dies in her arms. Later, it is revealed that Dooney and Captain Industry were arrested for their crimes. Dooney is sentenced to 26 years in prison and Industry is extradited to a prison in his home country. Arthur\'s legacy lives on, as a memorial is held for Defendor under a spray paint mural that was drawn in his honor. Dr. Park and her daughter attend as well, remembering the man and inspired by the hero that no one could see. The last shot of the film is of Angel sitting at her typewriter, writing stories as a wasp flies into the room.'] ['When Sarah Hopson  discovers she has a brain tumour, she leaves her successful high-rise lifestyle in New York and returns to her hometown in the Scottish Borders, where she left her widower father Frank  and her childhood sweetheart Sam  to pursue a career in the United States seven years ago. Upon arriving Sarah finds out that Sam, a restaurant owner, is now happily married to Charlotte . This, however, does not stop her from asking the couple a last favour – which is to let Sarah spend her remaining time in the company of the only man she has ever loved.'] ['The story follows one Hazel Motes, who returns to the South after being away. Learning his family has left his home, he decides to be a minister and con man. Only a small number of people know what he is doing.'] ['The film opens with Sir John Falstaff and Justice Shallow walking through the snow and to a warm fire inside the Boar\'s Head Tavern while reminiscing on the past. After a main credit sequence, the narrator explains that King Richard II has been assassinated by King Henry IV, who is now the King of England. Richard II\'s true heir Edmund Mortimer is a prisoner in Wales and Mortimer\'s cousins the Earl of Northumberland, the Earl of Worcester and Northumberland\'s son Hotspur confront Henry IV, demanding that he rescues Mortimer. Henry IV throws them out and Northumberland, Worcester and Hotspur begin to plot how to overthrow the King. To Henry IV\'s great dissatisfaction, his son Prince Hal spends most of his time at the Boar\'s Head Tavern drinking and carousing with prostitutes, thieves and other criminals under the influence of the patriarchal John Falstaff. Falstaff insists that he and Hal should think of themselves as gentlemen, suitable for government. Hal warns him that one day he will reject his wild behavior and will become a dignified, virtuous man. The next morning Hal, Falstaff, Bardolph, Peto, and Poins put on disguises in Gadshill to prepare for the robbery of a group of travelling Pilgrims. As Falstaff, Bardolph and Peto wait for the Pilgrims while pretending to be praying monks, Hal and Poins watch them from a distance and put on new disguises. Falstaff, Bardolph and Peto scare away the Pilgrims and rob them, but then Hal and Poins jump out and attack Falstaff and his men. Hal and Poins howl with laughter as Falstaff and the other men run away in fear. Back at the King\'s castle, Henry IV angrily demands to know where Hal is and suggests that his men search the local taverns, where he has heard that Hal often keeps the company of criminals and low-lifes. His loyal men warn Henry IV about Hotspur\'s growing army and threat to his crown. Hal and Poins laughingly return to the Boar\'s Head Tavern and Falstaff curses them. Falstaff then begins to tell them with increasingly growing exaggeration the story of how the stolen money was stolen from him and his men. Hal and Poins poke holes in Falstaff\'s tall-tale and enrage him until they reveal their joke to the entire group and present the stolen treasure to Falstaff. Falstaff suggests putting on a play in celebration of the newly recovered stolen treasure and proceeds to play Henry IV, complete with a cooking pot crown and Gielgud impersonation. Falstaff chastises Hal for spending his time with common criminals, but mentions one virtuous man among his friends: Sir John Falstaff. Hal then trades places with Falstaff and impersonates his father. Hal describes Falstaff unflatteringly, calling him a "misleader of youth." Falstaff, playing Hal, insists that Falstaff is a good man and should not be banished. The sheriff and his men suddenly enter the tavern looking for Falstaff, causing all of its inhabitants to run away and hide. Hal insists that Falstaff is not there and the sheriff leaves. Hal visits the King at the castle and Henry IV chastises him for his criminal and unethical lifestyle, warning Hal that Hotspur may successfully steal back the crown. Hal passionately vows to Henry IV that he will defend his father and the crown to redeem his good name as the Prince of Wales. Henry IV is unimpressed and tells Hal to prepare for battle. The King\'s army parades through the streets on their way to battle. Falstaff is among those going off to war, bringing along his friends from the tavern and his new recruits bought from his old friend Justice Shallow. On the battlefield, Henry IV meets with Worcester to discuss terms before war and Henry IV offers to forgive all of Hotspur\'s men of treason if they surrender immediately. Hal also vows to personally defeat Hotspur in combat. Worcester returns to his camp and lies to Hotspur, telling him that Henry IV intends to execute all traitors. Both Henry IV\'s and Hotspur\'s men prepare for battle and mount their horses, but Falstaff ends up hiding in the shrubs for most of the conflict. The two armies meet and fight the Battle of Shrewsbury. After a long and bloody fight, the king\'s men win. At the end of the battle, Hotspur and Hal meet and fight each other alone with swords as Falstaff watches. Hal strikes Hotspur in the neck and Hotspur dies in his arms, lamenting that his life has amounted to nothing. Henry IV sentences Worcester to death and takes his men as prisoners. Falstaff brings Hotspur\'s body to Henry IV, claiming that he killed Hotspur. Henry IV does not believe Falstaff but looks disapprovingly at Hal and the ignoble company that he chooses to keep. The narrator explains that all of Henry IV\'s rebellious enemies have been killed by 1408, but that Henry IV\'s health has begun to deteriorate. At the castle, Henry IV becomes upset when told that Hal is once again spending time in the taverns with Falstaff and collapses. His men carry him to his bed and Henry IV looks out his window pondering his own death. Hal returns to the castle to visits his father in bed, discovering that Henry IV is sicker than he had realized. Hal vows to Henry IV to be a good and noble king. Henry IV finally has faith in Hal and gives him advice on how to be a king. Henry IV dies and Hal informs his men that he is now King Henry V. Falstaff, Shallow and Silence sit in front of a warm fire at the tavern  and talk about the past and death. They receive news from Pistol that Henry IV has died and that Hal\'s coronation is that morning. Falstaff becomes ecstatic and goes directly to the castle thinking that he will become a great and powerful nobleman under King Henry V. At the coronation Falstaff cannot contain his excitement and interrupts the entire ceremony, announcing himself to Hal. Hal turns his back on Falstaff and claims not to know him. Hal proclaims that he is now finished with his former lifestyle and will be a dignified, virtuous king. As Falstaff looks up at Hal with a mixture of pride and despair, the new king banishes Falstaff, proclaiming that he must stay at least 10 miles away from him and leaving Falstaff vulnerable to punishment for his past crimes now that he is without his protector. The coronation continues into the castle as Falstaff and Shallow walk away. After the coronation, Hal promises to invade France and pardons Falstaff for his crimes. But that night Falstaff dies at the Boar\'s Head Tavern and his friends mourn him, saying that the king had killed him of a broken heart. The narrator explains that Hal went on to become a good and noble king.{{sfn}}'] ['Jara  is a security guard at a supermarket who falls in love with Julia , a cleaning worker from the night shift. Jara is about 30 years old, solitary, quiet and big. That is why before approaching to Julia, he watches her via the television cameras monitoring the supermarket, and then pursues her across the city of Montevideo, where the film takes place.Oficial site from the film'] ['The film features József Pelikán as a single father who previously participated in the WW2 communist movement of Hungary, but is now working at a dyke. He meets an old friend from the underground communist movement, Zoltán Dániel, now a government official who fishes at the Danube, near the dyke. Dániel falls in the river, and Pelikán rescues him and invites him to his home. The ÁVH receive a report stating Pelikán committed an illegal act of slaughtering a pig for food. Dániel tries to save him, but accidentally opens a hidden door to the basement, where all the pork had been hidden. Pelikán is taken to prison and later released, due to the "will of the higher command". Comrade Virág gives various assignments to Pelikán such as being the CEO of a swimming pool, an amusement park, and an orange-research facility; all to cause Pelikán to be the witness in a show trial against Zoltán Dániel. Before the trial they present Pelikán with testimony he must memorize, but Pelikán decides to tell the truth. He is thrown back in prison as a reprisal. While awaiting hanging, the political climate changes and he is released and meets Comrade Virág who has lost all his former power and influence.'] ["Finbar McBride, a quiet, withdrawn, unmarried man with achondroplastic dwarfism, has a deep love of railroads. He works in a Hoboken model train hobby shop owned by his elderly and similarly taciturn friend Henry Styles. Because he feels ostracized by a public that tends to view him as peculiar due to his size, Fin keeps to himself.  When Henry dies unexpectedly, Fin is told that the hobby shop is to be closed. However, he also learns that Henry's will left him a piece of rural property with an abandoned train depot on it. He moves into the old building hoping for a life of solitude, but he quickly finds himself reluctantly becoming enmeshed in the lives of his neighbors. Joe Oramas, a Cuban American, is operating his father's roadside snack truck while the elder man recovers from an illness, and Olivia Harris is an artist trying to cope with the sudden death of her young son two years earlier and the ramifications it has had on her marriage to David, from whom she is separated. Cleo is a young African American girl who shares Fin's interest in trains and finally convinces him to lecture her class about them. Emily is the local librarian, a young woman dismayed to discover she is pregnant by her ne'er-do-well boyfriend. Joe, relentlessly upbeat and overly talkative, soon cracks through Fin's reserve. The two begin to take daily walks along the tracks, and when Olivia gives Fin a movie camera to film the passing trains, Joe pursues them in his truck while Fin photographs them. Joe and Fin sleep over at Olivia's house after watching this footage and the next morning a flustered, unannounced David is greeted by the two of them. The three forge a tentative friendship that is threatened when Olivia descends into a deep depression. Meanwhile, Emily seeks solace in Fin, who slowly is realizing interaction with other humans may not be as unpleasant as he thought. Fin tries to protect Emily from her boyfriend at a bar, but he pushes Fin aside, causing Fin to lapse back into his antisocial behavior. Fin spends the night drinking and, collapsing on the track, is passed over by a train, undamaged but for his pocket watch. As if feeling blessed by his gift of life , Fin picks up the courage to talk to school kids about trains. Later Fin even walks up to Olivia's home  only to find she has attempted suicide. He takes care of her home while she recuperates in the hospital. The last scene has Olivia, Joe, and Fin sharing a meal at Olivia's house, closing the movie with their small talk and reconciliation."] ['The story is set in a poor neighborhood in Warsaw and concerns a pickpocket and a photographer. A more substantial plot summary is available in the Polish Wikipedia and needs to be translated to English to include here.'] ['A hero of our time, the young bartender Vova Smorodin , receives the task of opening a small, but prestigious restaurant called "Paradise Corner" from his boss Gavrilych, the father of Vova\'s fiancée, Larisa. Perceiving this task as the first step in his financial career, Vova Smorodin develops the magic-touch of enterprise. If he needs to drain and repair the selected basement, he may recall an entire fire brigade from a fire emergency, or a company of soldiers from a mission. After taking over an empty attic for his office, Vova discovers there three Bohemian artists who have escaped from a mental hospital: the suicidal model Dasha , the alcoholic artist Gena  and the mute Buddhist known by the nickname Khu-Pun\' . This meeting becomes a turning point in Vova\'s previously confident life. Having realized that the homeless artists could paint appetizing food on the walls of his basement restaurant in exchange for room and board, he allows them to live in his attic. While exploiting their work, Vova does not notice that he begins to fall under the influence of his uninvited guests, discovering for himself a heretofore unknown world of spiritual values. Gradually, he begins to understand that beauty is not measured by fashion, that love is not limited to sex, that material riches do not replace spiritual enrichment. The artist Gena, who is supposed to draw still lifes, gets caught up in creativity and covers the walls of the basement with frescoes of the Last Judgment - an assembly of hellish monsters and sinners. Vova is shocked; what will his boss Gavrilych and his fellow waiters say? However, the increasing flow of curious tourists convinces Vova that the artist was right. As a result, instead of "Paradise Corner", Vova opens the café "Inferno". Gavrilych\'s reaction comes as no surprise; the boss shows up with a pack of "Chaldeans" and destroys all of the artist\'s work, tearing down the unique murals from the basement walls. Vova, who tries to prevent the vandalism, is cruelly beaten. The second half of the film is devoted to Vova\'s time in the attic, which he spends with his new friends, who help him to recover and introduce him to a vegetarian diet and to regular meditations on the roof. Vova begins to see strange dreams, where the past and future are intermingled. He begins to understand that his path has been predetermined, and that his future actions, including the betrayal of his friends, have been predicted by someone. And so it happens: unable to withstand the trials of an ascetic lifestyle, Vova ends the relationship with his friends and leaves them defenseless in the face of the cruel Gavrilych. Vova returns to his usual environment among the "Chaldeans" and continues his successful career in the restaurant business. However, Vova begins to be pursued more and more often by the image of white monkeys, which reminds him of his unsuccessful attempt to become a person of depth, and of the treason he had committed against his friends.http://www.kinokultura.com/2009/25r-whitemonkey.shtml Detailed English review in the Kinokultura magazinehttp://www.ruskino.ru/review/211http://www.kino-teatr.ru/kino/art/pr/1029/http://www.kinoafisha.spb.ru/reviews/7636620/'] ['The film is a portrait of a fictional town in the Midwest that is home to a group of idiosyncratic and slightly neurotic characters. Dwayne Hoover  is a wealthy car dealership owner who is on the brink of suicide and is losing touch with reality.'] ['The movie starts off with a man, named Schlomo , running crazily through a forest, with his voice playing in the background, saying that he has seen the horror of the Nazis in a nearby town, and he must tell the others. Once he gets into town, he informs the rabbi, and together they run through the town and once they have got enough people together, they hold a town meeting. At first, many of the men do not believe the horrors they are being told, and many criticize Schlomo, for he is the town lunatic, and who could possibly believe him? But the rabbi believes him, and then they try to tackle the problem of the coming terrors. Amidst the pondering and the arguing, Schlomo suggests that they build a train, so they can escape by deporting themselves. Some of their members pretend to be Nazis in order to ostensibly transport them to a concentration camp, when in reality, they are going to Palestine. Thus the Train of Life is born. The movie ends with the voiceover of Schlomo himself, who tells the stories of his companions after the arrival of the train. Then, the camera shows him smiling behind the barbed wire of a concentration camp, leaving everyone dubious about the truth of his story.'] ["A newsstand owner takes pity on Qinawi, a lame young man, and gives him a job selling newspapers in the Cairo train station. The women there all shun him because of his mild handicap, though he has little trouble walking. Qinawi becomes obsessed with Hannuma, a beautiful cold drink vendor. But she is engaged to Abu Siri, a husky luggage porter who is trying to organize his co-workers into a union to better their lot. Nonetheless, Qinawi proposes to her. When she rejects his fantasy of a home and children in his village, Qinawi's obsession turns to madness. Inspired by an unsolved murder in the news, he buys a knife and plots to kill Hannuma. When the local policemen try to catch Hannuma and the other women illegally selling drinks, she asks Qinawi to take her incriminating drink bucket and hide it. He seeks to lure her to a warehouse to pick it up, but she asks a friend to get it instead. In the darkness, Qinawi does not notice the substitution; he stabs the other woman repeatedly, then hides the body in a wooden crate supposedly holding Hannuma's trousseau. Then he gets Abu Siri to put it aboard a train for Hannuma's impending wedding. The woman is not dead, however. She is found, and the station is alerted. The men who stand to lose by Abu Siri's unionization at first try to pin the attempted murder on him, but the would-be victim identifies her real assailant. Meanwhile, unaware of her near escape from death, Hannuma goes to get her bucket. Qinawi chases her through the rail yard and catches her, holding a knife to her head to keep the crowd at bay. The newsstand owner tells Qinawi that he will be allowed to marry Hannuma and coaxes him into putting on his wedding garment. Qinawi complies, then realizes he has donned a straitjacket. He struggles, but is taken away."] ['David  and Dana Hurst  are dentists who are married with three daughters and share a dental practice in Westchester County, New York. Dana is in the chorus of a community opera production, and when David goes backstage to give her a good luck charm, he sees her in the arms of another man. As he contemplates how to handle this, he begins having imaginary conversations with a difficult former patient . When the whole family gets the flu, everything is brought to a head.'] ['The story is a satire of the film industry and Hollywood society. The main character, Felix Farmer, is a phenomenally successful film producer who has just made the first flop of his career, to the dismay of his movie studio and the loss of his own sanity. Felix attempts suicide four times: First, he attempts to die of carbon monoxide poisoning in his car, only to have it slip into gear and drive through the side of his garage, down a sand dune and ending up in the Pacific Ocean. Secondly, he attempts to hang himself from a rafter in an upstairs bedroom, only to fall through the floor, landing on a poisonous Hollywood gossip columnist standing in the living room below. Thirdly, he turns on the gas in the kitchen oven, but is prevented from carrying out his intent by two house guests with other things on their mind. Thereafter he spends most of the time heavily sedated while his friends and hangers-on occupy his beach house. The occupation leads to a party which degenerates into an orgy. Finally, he tries to shoot himself with a police officer\'s gun but is prevented from doing so by the ministrations of a sweet young thing in a pair of panties, and experiences a revelation of what was missing from his movie - Free Love! Newly energized, Felix resolves to save both the film and his reputation. With great difficulty he persuades the studio and his wife Sally Miles, an Oscar-winning movie star with a goody-goody image, to allow him to revise the film into a soft-core pornographic musical in which she must appear topless. He liquidates most of his wealth to buy the existing footage and to bankroll further production. If he fails, both he and Sally will be impoverished, at least by Hollywood standards. At first the studio is keen to unload the film onto Felix and move on, but as it becomes apparent that it will be a success, they plot to regain control. Using California\'s community property laws, they get the distribution and final-cut rights by persuading Sally to sign them over. Felix then tries to get the movie negatives from the studio\'s color lab vault, armed with a water pistol, and is shot by police who think it is a real pistol. Felix\'s untimely and violent death creates yet another crisis, particularly for his cronies Culley, Coogan and Dr. Finegarten, who plan to give him a burial at sea. They kidnap his corpse, substituting the body of a well-known but underrated character actor who died in the first scene of the movie, having a heart attack while jogging on the beach in front of Felix\'s home. Felix gets a Viking funeral, being sent out to sea in a burning dinghy, while the actor finally gets the Hollywood burial many thought he deserved. The epilogue later reveals that the revamped film was a huge success, and Sally won another Academy Award for her performance.  Little is seen of the movie which is the focus of the plot, except for an extended dream sequence and a brief shot taking place close to the end. The title is Night Wind, which provokes the headline "Critics break Wind" seen on a copy of Variety at the start of S.O.B. after the initial flop. The opening sequence of S.O.B. is the first version of the dream where Julie Andrews wanders through a room full of giant toys, reliving in sublimated form some dark episode from her character\'s childhood. Several of the toys come to life, including a group of toy soldiers, while the tune of Polly Wolly Doodle plays in the background. Later Felix, having decided to rewrite the movie as soft-porn, reveals his plan to the studio heads on the set of the toy room, hiding at first while the executives wander around wondering where he is. Then in the re-shoot, the same set is used but the toys, including the soldiers, are dressed in various erotic costumes, and the "dream" features a mysterious man who tries to tempt Andrews\' character.'] ['Bukowski\'s book, which is also titled Factotum, was published in 1975. The book and the film both center on the character of Henry Chinaski, Bukowski’s alter ego, who appears in much of his fiction. Although the book takes place in the 1940s in Los Angeles, the film is contemporary, and although it clearly is supposed to take place in an American city, the exact city is never specified. In the film, Chinaski  is working toward becoming a writer and follows his own advice, quoting from one of Bukowski\'s own poems, "Roll The Dice," that "If you\'re going to try, go all the way." The film follows Chinaski as he works and gets fired from various, low-level jobs  while befriending various people including a co-worker, Manny , who shares his love of gambling at the racetrack, and a couple of women he meets at bars. The first woman that we see Chinaski meet in a bar, and who ends up being his most consistent companion throughout the film, is Jan , who, like Chinaski, is also an alcoholic. Soon after meeting Chinaski, she moves in with him in his cheap apartment, and becomes his lover and drinking partner. They co-exist comfortably in squalor until Chinaski becomes upset with Jan after discovering that he\'s contracted an STD from her. Then after Chinaski starts a new job, Jan gets upset with him and starts a fight, arguing that he\'s becoming "more respectable" and conformist. They break up after the fight, deciding that their relationship has become boring and predictable and that they no longer really need each other. While he\'s unemployed again and trying to score his next drink, he meets another female barfly, Laura , who feels sorry for Chinaski and helps him procure alcohol with the help of her wealthy "sugardaddy," an eccentric older man named Pierre. After a strange misadventure on Pierre\'s boat, Chinaski briefly returns to Jan whom Chinaski eventually tracks down at a hotel where she\'s working as a maid. However, by the film\'s end, Chinaski finds that he\'s most comfortable being alone with just his alcohol and his writing to keep him company.'] ['Raimunda  and Soledad  are sisters who grew up in Alcanfor de las Infantas, a small village in La Mancha, but now both live in Madrid. Their parents died in a tragic fire three years prior to the beginning of the film. The events which occurred on the night of the fire are only gradually revealed, but are central to the plot. Sole returns to the village for the funeral of her elderly Aunt Paula . Aunt Paula\'s neighbour Agustina  confesses to Sole that she has heard Paula talking to the ghost of Sole\'s mother Irene . Sole encounters the ghost herself, and when she returns to Madrid, she discovers that the ghost has stowed away in the trunk of her car. Irene has brought luggage, intending to stay with her daughter for a while, and Sole, though frightened, agrees to let her mother stay with her: Sole operates a hair salon in her apartment, and Irene will assist her, posing as a Russian woman to hide her true identity. Sole tries to determine why her mother\'s ghost has returned to Earth, asking her if she left anything undone in her life. Irene says that she does have issues to resolve, relating to the questions of why Raimunda hates her and why she is afraid to reveal herself to Raimunda. Meanwhile Raimunda and her daughter Paula  have a different death to cope with. Paula\'s father Paco  attempts to rape her, claiming that he is not really her father, and Paula stabs him in self-defense. Raimunda quickly hides the corpse in the deep-freezer of a nearby unused restaurant. The owner of the restaurant building, Emilio , is out of town and entrusted Raimunda with the keys so that she can show it to prospective tenants. When members of a film crew happen upon the restaurant, Raimunda strikes a deal to cater for them, and suddenly finds herself back in the restaurant business. Raimunda reveals to Paula that Paco was not, in fact, her biological father, and promises to tell her the whole story at a later time. Agustina is diagnosed with cancer and must go to Madrid for medical treatment. Raimunda visits her in the hospital. Agustina asks Raimunda if she has seen her mother\'s ghost. Agustina hopes that the ghost will be able to tell her about the fate of her own mother, who disappeared three years ago without a trace. Raimunda undertakes the task of disposing of Paco’s remains: she leaves Paula with Sole, rents a van and transports the freezer to a convenient spot by the river Júcar, 180 kilometres away. While staying in Sole\'s apartment, Paula meets her grandmother\'s ghost and grows close to her. The next night, Agustina comes to the restaurant to renew her request to Raimunda to ask her mother’s ghost about her own mother\'s whereabouts. She reveals two startling secrets: that Raimunda\'s father and Agustina’s mother were having an affair and that Agustina\'s mother disappeared on the same day that Raimunda’s parents died. Sole finally confesses to Raimunda that she has seen their mother\'s ghost and that the ghost is, in fact, watching television in the next room with Paula. Raimunda is confused, angry, and frightened, but Paula urges her to tell her the truth: is she really alive, and not a dead spirit? Irene admits that she did not, in fact, die in the fire, and reveals the whole truth. We learn that the reason for Raimunda and Irene\'s estrangement is that Raimunda\'s father sexually abused her, resulting in the birth of Paula; thus Paula is Raimunda’s daughter and also her sister. Raimunda had been angry with her mother for never noticing and ending this abuse. Irene tells Raimunda that she had never understood Raimunda\'s anger and distance until her Aunt Paula told her about what her husband had done to her daughter, and Irene became furious with herself when she found out. Irene explains that, due to her husband\'s abuse of Raimunda, she started the fire that killed him. The ashes that had been presumed to be Irene’s were, in fact, the ashes of Agustina\'s mother, the woman with whom Irene\'s husband was having an affair. After the fire, Irene wandered for several days in the countryside, until she decided that she wanted to turn herself in. But first, she wanted to say goodbye to her sister Paula, who had lost the ability to look after herself and with whom Irene had been living prior to setting the fire that killed her husband. Paula, who was living in the past due to her senility, welcomed Irene home as if nothing had happened, and Irene stayed, caring for her sister and expecting that the police would come soon to arrest her. Due to the superstitious and closed nature of the community, however, the police never came and the residents, who are accustomed to tales of the dead returning, explained the rare sightings of Irene as "un fantasma", a ghost. The film ends with the family reunited at Aunt Paula’s house. Irene reveals her presence to Agustina, who believes Irene to be a ghost. Irene pledges to stay in the village and care for Agustina as her cancer worsens, saying to Raimunda that it was the least that she could do after killing Agustina\'s mother. In the last scene Raimunda visits her mother at Agustina\'s house. The two embrace and tell one another that they now have time to repair their relationship.'] ['The premise of the film is stated by a group of four writers conversing over dinner at the beginning of the film. The question arises: Is life naturally comic or tragic? One of the four proposes a simple story  and the two prominent playwrights in the group begin telling their versions of this story, one being comic and one tragic.'] ['It is 1976, an 8-year-old Mary Daisy Dinkle  is a lonely little girl living in Mount Waverley, Melbourne, Australia. Her relatively poor family cannot afford to buy her toys or nice clothing, and she is teased by children at her school due to an unfortunate birthmark on her forehead. Her father is distant and her alcoholic, kleptomaniac mother provides no support. The closest thing she has to a friend is the man for whom Mary collects mail, Len Hislop, a Greek Australian World War II veteran who lost his legs in combat and has developed agoraphobia. One day, by pure chance, she decides to write a letter to a man living in New York City: Max Jerry Horowitz . Max turns out to be a morbidly obese 44-year-old whose various mental problems  have left him unable to form close bonds with other people. Max decides to write back to Mary, and the two become friends. Over time, Mary\'s increasingly sensitive questions about the adult world give Max progressively worse anxiety attacks, and he is ultimately institutionalized. During his time there, Max is diagnosed with depression and Asperger syndrome. Now aware of why he has difficulty relating to other people, Max finds a new lease on life and resumes his correspondence with Mary. The two remain friends for the next two decades, keeping one another updated on various events in their lives. Mary , inspired by her friendship with Max, becomes a psychologist and marries her childhood crush, an effeminate young man named Damien Popodopoulos who enjoys sewing but fears Mary\'s sexual advances. Max wins the New York lottery, using his winnings to buy a  life-time supply of chocolate and then giving the rest away to his elderly neighbor, who wastes most of it before dying and leaving the remainder to a cat shelter only to have the owner of the shelter take it all for himself. After earning her degree, Mary writes a psychological book detailing her communication with Max, in an attempt to dissect Asperger\'s syndrome. Max is infuriated, having told Mary that he has come to terms with his illness and sees it as an integral part of his personality, not something that needs to be diagnosed and cured. Max ends his communication with Mary, sending her the "M" key from his typewriter. When Mary receives the key in the mail, she is heartbroken and has the entire run of the book pulped, effectively ending her budding career. In her despair, Mary takes up her mother\'s affection for sherry. Chronically depressed and drunk all of the time, one day Mary receives a note from Damien informing her that he has left her: he has fallen in love with his own pen pal, Desmond, a sheep farmer in New Zealand. In the meantime, Max has decided to forgive Mary, and has sent her a gift as a token of his continuing friendship. Mary is so unmanned by her depression and drunkenness, though, that she is unaware of the package that has been sitting on her doorstep for several days. Ultimately, Mary discovers some Valium that had belonged to her mother, and, not knowing that she is pregnant, decides to take her own life. Just as Mary is about to kill herself, her neighbor Len knocks on her door, having conquered his agoraphobia in order to alert her of the package on her porch. Opening it, Mary finds Max\'s reconciliation gift, along with an accompanying letter detailing the reasons why he forgives her, how much their friendship means to him, and his hope that one day their lives will intersect and they will meet in person. It is enough to jar Mary from her depression, and she decides to start her life over again. One year later, Mary travels to America with her infant son to finally visit Max. Entering his apartment, Mary discovers the now elderly Max, sitting on his couch, gazing upward, having passed away peacefully earlier that morning. Seeing this, Mary returns the removed "M" key to Max\'s typewriter and sits down next to him with her son. Looking around the apartment, Mary discovers that Max has kept many of the mementos she sent and has organized the entire ceiling into a detailed scrapbook of his friendship with Mary, composed of all of her letters from over the years, which is what he was looking at when he died. Seeing how much Max valued their friendship and how happy it made him, Mary is moved to tears of joy as the film closes.'] ['Bruno Stroszek  is a Berlin street performer. Released from prison and warned to stop drinking, he immediately goes to a familiar bar where he comforts Eva , a prostitute down on her luck, and lets her stay with him at the apartment his landlord kept for him. They are then harried and beaten by Eva\'s former pimps, who insult Bruno, pull his accordion apart and humiliate him by making him kneel on his grand piano with bells balanced on his back. Faced with the prospect of further harassment, Bruno and Eva decide to leave Germany and accompany Bruno\'s eccentric elderly neighbour Scheitz , who was planning to move to Wisconsin to live with his American nephew Clayton. After sightseeing in New York City they buy a used car and arrive in a winter-bound, barren prairie near the fictional town of \'Railroad Flats\'. There Bruno works as a mechanic with Clayton and his Native American helper, Eva as a waitress at a truck stop and Scheitz pursues his interest in animal magnetism. The pair buy a trailer which is sited on Clayton\'s land, but as bills mount, the bank threatens to repossess it. Eva falls back into prostitution to supplement her wages, but it is not enough to meet the payments. She tires of Bruno\'s drunken ramblings and deserts him by leaving with a couple of truck drivers bound for Vancouver. A man from the bank visits Bruno, who is now drinking steadily, and has him sign off on the repossession. The home is auctioned, and he and Scheitz, who is convinced that the world is conspiring against him, set off to confront the "conspiracy." Finding the bank closed, they hold up a barber shop beneath it, make off with 32 dollars and then go shopping in a small store across the street. The police arrive and arrest Scheitz for armed robbery without noticing Bruno. Holding a large frozen turkey from the store and the shotgun, Bruno returns to the garage where he works, loads the tow truck with beer, and drives along a highway into the mountains. Upon entering a small town, the truck breaking down, Bruno pulls over to a restaurant, where he tells his story to a German-speaking businessman. He then starts the truck, leaves it circling in the parking lot with a fire taking hold in the engine compartment and goes into a tourist trap across the street, where he starts a ski-lift and rides it with his frozen turkey. After Bruno disappears from view a single shot rings out. The police arrive at the scene to find the truck is now fully ablaze. The film ends with a sequence showing a chicken dancing, a chicken playing a piano and a rabbit riding a toy fire truck, in coin operated attractions that Bruno activated on his way to the ski-lift.'] ["Karim works at an ostrich farm outside of Tehran, Iran. He leads a simple and contented life with his family in his small house, until one day when one of the ostriches runs away. Karim is blamed for the loss and is fired from the farm. Soon after, he travels to the city in order to repair his elder daughter's hearing aid but finds himself mistaken for a motorcycle taxi driver. Thus begins his new profession: ferrying people and goods through heavy traffic. However, the people and goods he is dealing with every day start to change Karim's generous and honest nature, much to the distress of his wife and daughters. It is up to those closest to him to restore the values that he once cherished."] [' A glamorously made-up Patrick "Kitten" Braden, pushing a baby in a pram and flirting insouciantly with construction workers, introduces her life story. Intricately plotted, the film is divided over more than 30 brief chapters. In the fictional Irish town of Tyrellin, near the border of Northern Ireland in the late 1940s, cartoon robins narrate as baby Patrick\'s mother abandons him on the doorstep of the local parochial house where his father, Father Liam, lives. He is then placed with an unloving foster mother. A young Patrick is later shown donning a dress and lipstick, which angers his foster family. However, Patrick is accepted by his close friends Charlie, Irwin, and Lawrence, as well as by Lawrence\'s father, who tells Patrick that his biological mother looked like blonde American movie star Mitzi Gaynor. The story is quickly moved ahead to Patrick\'s late teen years in the early \'70s. Patrick gets into trouble in school by writing explicit fiction imagining how he was conceived by Father Liam and Liam\'s young housekeeper Eily Bergin and by inquiring about where to get a sex change. Patrick renames himself/herself as "Kitten," also using the name Patricia. She approaches her father in confession, asking about her mother, but is rebuffed. Kitten soon runs away from home, catching a ride with a glam rock band, Billy Hatchet and the Mohawks, and striking up a flirtation with leader Billy. Billy installs the lovestruck, homeless Kitten in a trailer home where she discovers he\'s hiding guns smuggled for the Irish Republican Army. Meanwhile, Irwin has begun to work with the IRA, much to the dismay of his now-girlfriend Charlie. Kitten dismisses Irwin\'s politics as "serious, serious, serious," but after Lawrence is killed by police detonating a suspected IRA car bomb, she tosses the IRA gun cache into a lake. Billy abandons Kitten to flee the IRA, while Kitten plays crazy, so that she won\'t be shot. Kitten next journeys to London to search for her mother, but initial inquiries prove fruitless. Penniless, she finds shelter in a tiny cottage in a park, only to find that it\'s a children\'s entertainment park for The Wombles. She gets a job as a singing, dancing Womble, but immediately loses it when her sponsor and co-worker punches their boss. Forced into prostitution, she is violently attacked by her first client, saving herself from strangulation by spraying him in the eyes with Chanel No. 5 perfume. At a diner, magician Bertie Vaughan asks her what she is writing in her notebook. She explains that it\'s the story of "The Phantom Lady" who was "swallowed up" by the big city, then reveals that it\'s about the mother she is seeking. Bertie hires her to be his magician\'s assistant, exploiting her life story in a hypnosis act. The two take a romantic day trip, but Kitten explains that she\'s not really a girl when Bertie tries to kiss her. Bertie says that he already knew this. Soon, Charlie finds Bertie\'s show and takes Kitten away.  Next, Kitten goes to a club frequented by British soldiers and dances with a soldier, only to be injured when the club is bombed by the IRA. When police discover that Kitten is biologically male and Irish, she is arrested as a suspected terrorist. Beaten and prevented from sleeping, she writes a hyperbolic statement, shown in a fantasy spy film spoof sequence. The cops soften, realising that she is innocent, and release her. With no place to go, Kitten begs to stay in the police station, but is tossed to the street. Kitten is again forced to turn tricks, but is saved by one of the cops who interrogated her. He brings her to a peep show where she transforms herself into a high femme blonde. Her repentant father finds her and in a scene that mirrors their confessional scene, professes his love and tells Kitten where to find her mother. She goes to her mother\'s house posing as a telephone company market researcher and discovers a younger half-brother whose name is also Patrick. She faints upon meeting her mother, but after reviving does not reveal her true self. When Irwin is killed by the IRA, Kitten goes home to tend to a pregnant Charlie. However, the town reacts against the unwed mother and her transgender friend by firebombing the parish house. Kitten and Charlie flee to London. In the final scene, they run into Kitten\'s pregnant mother Eily and little Patrick at the doctor\'s office, where Charlie is getting post-partum care. Kitten is friendly, but still doesn\'t reveal her true identity.'] ["Margot  is a successful but neurotic writer who brings her 11-year-old son Claude  to spend a weekend visiting her free-spirited sister Pauline  on the eve of her wedding to Malcolm . Margot disapproves of Pauline's choice of fiancé, which causes tension between the two sisters."] ['A successful weatherman at a Chicago news program, David Spritz  is well paid but garners little respect from people in the area who throw fast food at him, David suspects, because they\'re resentful of how easy his high-paying job is. Dave also feels overshadowed by his father, Pulitzer Prize-winning author Robert Spritzel , who is disappointed in Dave\'s apparent inability to grow up and deal with his two children. The situation worsens when Robert is diagnosed with lymphoma and given only a few months to live. As he becomes more and more depressed, Dave takes up archery, finding the activity a way to build his focus and calm his nerves. To prove himself to his father and possibly reconcile with Noreen , his estranged wife, Dave pursues a weatherman position with a national talk show called Hello America. The job would nearly quadruple his salary, but means relocating to New York City. When Hello America invites him to New York, he takes his daughter with him and bonds with her by helping her shop for a more suitable wardrobe. While away, Dave learns that his son  attacked his counselor, claiming that the man wanted to perform oral sex on him. Despite this stress and an all-night drinking binge, Dave impresses the Hello America interviewers and is eventually offered the job. When he returns, Dave slaps Russ , Noreen\'s boyfriend, when he finds him dealing with his son\'s predicament. Dave later confronts the counselor at his home, beating him up and warning him that he is in store for worse. The family holds a living funeral for Robert, in which Dave asks Noreen to reconcile and move to New York, but she has decided to marry Russ. Dave and Robert have one final talk, in which Dave breaks down in tears, unsure of his life\'s choices. Robert consoles him, telling him that he has time to "chuck" the garbage of his life. Robert dies soon after. The film ends several months later, after Dave has accepted the job and moved to New York. People have ceased throwing things at him though, he muses, this may be a pleasant side-effect of his archery hobby, for which he carries a bow.'] ['Barry Fitzgerald appears as an orator in the first scene of the film, but has no other role. In the slums of Dublin during the Irish Civil War, Captain Boyle ([[Edward Chapman  lives in a two room tenement flat with his wife Juno  and children Mary  and Johnny . Juno has dubbed her husband "Captain Paycock" because she thinks him as useful and vain as a Peacock. Juno works while the Captain loafs around the flat when not drinking up the family\'s meager finances at the neighborhood pub. Daughter Mary has a job but is presently on strike against the victimization of a co-worker. Son Johnny has become a semi invalid after losing an arm and severely injuring his hip in a fight with the Black and Tans during the Irish War of Independence. Although Johnny has taken the Anti-Treaty side during the continuing Irish Civil War, he has recently turned in a fellow IRA member to the Irish Free State police. As a result, Captain Paycock tells his friend Joxer  of his disgust for his son. Daughter Mary is courted by Jerry Devine ([[Dave Morris  but dumps him for Charlie Bentham  who whisks her away after telling Mary\'s family the Captain is to receive an inheritance. The elated Captain borrows money against the  inheritance and spends it freely on new furniture and a Victrola. Family friends are invited to an impromptu party at the once shabby tenement. The Captain soon learns the inheritance was a lie by Charles to gain Mary\'s favors. The Captain keeps the bad news a secret until creditors show up. Even Joxer turns on the Captain and gleefully spreads the news of the nonexistent inheritance. The furniture store repossesses the furniture. The tailor demands money for new clothes. Pub owner Mrs. Madigan’  takes the Victrola to cover the Captain\'s bar tab. The worst is yet to come, however. Mary reveals that she has shamed the family by becoming pregnant by Charles, who has long since disappeared. Her former fiancé Jerry proclaims his love for Mary and offers to marry her back until he learns of her pregnancy. As a parting shot, it is revealed that Johnny\'s body has been found riddled with bullets. Almost certainly through Joxer, the Anti-Treaty IRA has learned of his status as an informer for the Garda Síochána. Realizing that their family has been destroyed, Mary declares, "It\'s true. There is no God." Although completely shattered, Juno shushes her daughter, saying that they will need both Christ and the Blessed Virgin to deal with their grief. Alone, however, she laments her son\'s fate before the religious statues in the family\'s empty tenement.'] ["Toni  is the director of a staged rendition of Othello in Montreal. It is a pet project of his, financed by his mafia uncle. Unbeknownst to him, the audiences are also rounded up and paid by the same uncle. Some of them have seen every performance of this tragic play, and are understandably bored, so when the backstage romantic events of the actors result in absurd situations onstage, the audience is delighted. There are a huge number of romantic situations going on in this film at the same time. One of them involves Gaston , a somewhat world-weary jazz musician, and Florence , a glamorous middle-aged woman who has been pining for him for years. Another involves to members of the musician's jazz trio. Yet another involves the play's Desdemona, Soledad , the girlfriend of the man playing Othello, who can't keep his hands off his dresser. She is also Florence's niece."] ['In 1963 Oregon, Randle Patrick "Mac" McMurphy , a recidivist anti-authoritarian criminal serving a short sentence on a prison farm for statutory rape of a 15-year-old girl, is transferred to a mental institution for evaluation. Although he does not show any overt signs of mental illness, he hopes to avoid hard labor and serve the rest of his sentence in a more relaxed hospital environment. McMurphy\'s ward is run by steely, unyielding Nurse Mildred Ratched , who employs subtle humiliation, unpleasant medical treatments and a mind-numbing daily routine to suppress the patients. McMurphy finds that they are more fearful of Ratched than they are focused on becoming functional in the outside world. McMurphy establishes himself immediately as the leader; his fellow patients include Billy Bibbit , a nervous, stuttering young man; Charlie Cheswick , a man disposed to childish fits of temper; Martini , who is delusional; Dale Harding , a high-strung, well-educated paranoid; Max Taber , who is belligerent and profane; Jim Sefelt ; and "Chief" Bromden , a silent American Indian believed to be deaf and mute. McMurphy\'s and Ratched\'s battle of wills escalates rapidly. When McMurphy\'s card games win away everyone\'s cigarettes, Ratched confiscates the cigarettes and rations them out. McMurphy calls for votes on ward policy changes to challenge her. He makes a show of betting the other patients he can escape by lifting an old hydrotherapy console—a massive marble plumbing fixture—off the floor and sending it through the window; when he fails to do so, he turns to them and says, "But I tried goddammit. At least I did that." McMurphy steals a hospital bus, herds his colleagues aboard, stops to pick up Candy , a party girl, and takes the group deep sea fishing on a commandeered boat. He tells them: "You\'re not nuts, you\'re fishermen!" and they begin to feel faint stirrings of self-determination. Soon after, however, McMurphy learns that Ratched and the doctors have the power to keep him committed indefinitely. Sensing a rising tide of insurrection among the group, Ratched tightens her grip on everyone. During one of her group humiliation sessions, Cheswick\'s agitation boils over and he, McMurphy and the Chief wind up brawling with the orderlies. They are sent up to the "shock shop" for electroconvulsive therapy. While McMurphy and the Chief wait their turn, McMurphy offers Chief a piece of gum, and Chief murmurs "Thank you." McMurphy is delighted to find that Bromden is neither deaf nor mute, and that he stays silent to deflect attention. After the electroshock therapy, McMurphy shuffles back onto the ward feigning illness, before humorously animating his face and loudly greeting his fellow patients, assuring everyone that the ECT only charged him up all the more and that the next woman to take him on will "light up like a pinball machine and pay off in silver dollars." But the struggle with Ratched is taking its toll, and with his release date no longer a certainty, McMurphy plans an escape. He phones Candy to bring her friend Rose  and some booze to the hospital late one night. They enter through a window after McMurphy bribes the night orderly, Mr. Turkle . McMurphy and Candy invite the patients into the day room for a Christmas party; the group breaks into the drug locker, puts on music, and enjoys a bacchanalian rampage. At the end of the night, McMurphy and Bromden prepare to climb out the window with the girls. McMurphy says goodbye to everyone, and invites an emotional Billy to escape with them; he declines, saying he is not yet ready to leave the hospital—though he would like to date Candy in the future. McMurphy insists Billy have sex with Candy right then and there. Billy and Candy agree and they retire to a private room. The effects of the alcohol and pilfered medication take their toll on everyone, including McMurphy and the Chief, whose eyes slowly close in fatigue. Nurse Ratched arrives the next morning and discovers the scene: the ward completely upended and patients passed out all over the floor. She orders the attendants to lock the window, clean up, and conduct a head count. When they find Billy and Candy, the other patients applaud and, buoyed, Billy speaks for the first time without a stutter. Nurse Ratched then announces that she will tell Billy\'s mother what he has done. Billy panics, his stutter returns, and he starts punching himself in the face; locked in the doctor\'s office, he kills himself. McMurphy, enraged at Nurse Ratched, chokes her nearly to death until orderly Washington knocks him out. Some time later, the patients in the ward play cards and gamble for cigarettes as before, only now with Harding dealing and delivering a pale imitation of McMurphy\'s patter. Nurse Ratched, still recovering from the neck injury sustained during McMurphy\'s attack, wears a neck brace and speaks in a thin, reedy voice. The patients pass a whispered rumor that McMurphy dramatically escaped the hospital rather than being taken "upstairs." Late that night, Chief Bromden sees McMurphy being escorted back to his bed, and initially believes that he has returned so they can escape together, which he is now ready to do since McMurphy has made him feel "as big as a mountain." However, when he looks closely at McMurphy\'s unresponsive face, he is horrified to see lobotomy scars on his forehead. Unwilling to allow McMurphy to live in such a state—or be seen this way by the other patients—the Chief smothers McMurphy to death with his pillow. He then carries out McMurphy\'s escape plan by lifting the hydrotherapy console off the floor and hurling the massive fixture through a grated window, climbing through and running off into the distance, with Taber waking up just in time to see the Chief escape and cheering as the others awake.'] ["The film focuses on Michael and Bruno and their disturbed sexuality. They are half-brothers who are very different from each other. They both had an unusual childhood because their mother was a hippie, instead growing up with their grandmothers and in boarding schools. Michael grows up to become a molecular biologist and in doing so becomes more fascinated with genetics and separating reproduction and sexuality by cloning rather than having actual sexual relationships. He is frustrated by his current job in Berlin and decides to continue his research on cloning at an institution in Ireland. Bruno, a secondary school teacher and unsuccessful author, on the other hand, is obsessed with his own sexual desires and systematically drowns himself in failed attempts with women and nights with prostitutes. He voluntarily checks himself into a mental institution after having sexually harassed one of his students. Before his departure to Ireland, Michael visits the village of his childhood for the first time in years. To his surprise, he meets his childhood friend Annabelle there and finds that she is still single and they start a sexual relationship. Bruno leaves the mental institution and goes on holiday to a hippie camp after being faced with divorce by his wife. At the camp he meets Christiane, who is also sexually open. Although they have an open relationship, he falls in love with her. During a sex orgy at one of their visits to a swing club, Christiane collapses and Bruno is faced in hospital with the news that Christiane is paralysed forever because of a chronic illness. Nonetheless Bruno wants to live with her until the end. However Christiane insists that he should take some time for consideration. Michael moves to Ireland and learns that, despite his doubts, his old research on cloning was a revolutionary breakthrough. However he misses Annabelle but does not manage to get her on the phone. Annabelle is informed that she is pregnant but must have an abortion and her womb removed due to life-threatening abnormalities. Bruno calls Christiane but always replaces the receiver after just one ring. He finally drives to her apartment only to learn that she has committed suicide shortly before. Subsequently he re-enters mental institution totally devastated. Michael is told by Annabelle's mother that Annabelle had an abortion and a severe surgery. He immediately leaves Ireland for Annabelle and finally openly admits his deep love to her. In hospital Bruno has hallucinations of Christiane who explains to him that her suicide was not his fault. In his imagination he tells her that he ultimately has decided to stay with her forever. After Annabelle recovers and before their departure to Ireland, Michael and Annabelle visit Bruno in hospital and take him to the beach. Michael asks Bruno if he wants to come with Annabelle and him to Ireland but Bruno decides to live happily in hospital with Christiane in his mind forever."] ['In the Poland of early 1944, a Polish-Jewish shopkeeper named Jakob is summoned to the German headquarters after being falsely accused of being out after curfew. While waiting for the commander, Jakob overhears a German radio broadcast speaking about Soviet offensives. Returned to the ghetto, Jakob shares his information with a friend, sparking rumors that there is a secret radio within the ghetto. After hesitating, Jakob decides to use the chance to spread hope throughout the ghetto by continuing to tell the optimistic, fantastic tales that he allegedly heard from "his secret radio" and his lies keep hope and humor alive among the isolated ghetto inhabitants. He also has a real secret in that he is hiding a young Jewish girl who escaped from an extermination camp deportation train. The Gestapo learn of the mythical radio, however, and begin a search for the resistance hero who dares operate it. Jakob surrenders himself to the Germans as they demand the person with the radio give himself up or risk hostages being killed. During interrogation, Jakob tells the police commander that he had only listened to the radio inside his office. He is ordered to announce publicly that this was all a lie, so the ghetto\'s liquidation would then proceed in an orderly fashion. When presented to the public, Jakob refuses to tell the truth, but is shot before he can make his own speech. In the film\'s ending, Jakob says, post-mortem, that all the ghetto\'s residents were then deported and were never seen again. As in the novel, there is an "alternate" fairy tale-style ending where the Soviet forces arrive following Jakob\'s death, just in time to save the Jews.  The plot is slightly different in a few places from the book. Notable discrepancies include: *Lina is not living with Jakob from the beginning, but instead he meets her on his way home from the Gestapo station in the movie\'s beginning; *The news of the radio is first told to Mischa, a friend of Jakob, to prevent him from attempting to steal potatoes off of a German military train; *Jakob is never caught and interrogated; instead he is deported, along with the rest of the Jews, and presumably dies in a death camp; *The movie\'s alternate ending has Jakob killed in front of the ghetto, instead of being shot during an escape attempt in the book\'s alternate ending.'] ['The story chronicles the life of T. S. Garp , the illegitimate son of a feminist mother, Jenny Fields . Jenny wanted a child but not a husband. A nurse during World War II, she encounters a dying ball turret gunner known only as Technical Sergeant Garp who was severely brain damaged in combat. Unconstrained by convention and driven by practicality and her desire for a child, Jenny uses Garp\'s sexual response to impregnate herself, and names the resultant son after him. Jenny raises young Garp alone. Garp grows up, becoming interested in wrestling and writing fiction, topics his mother has little interest in. However, his writing piques the interest of the daughter of the school\'s wrestling coach, Helen Holm . She is wary of him, however, because Garp is quite promiscuous at school. Jenny also observes Garp\'s behavior in this regard and is intellectually curious about it, having little more than clinical interest in sex herself. She offers to procure a prostitute for Garp, and -- after engaging the two of them in conversation on the subject -- decides to write a book on her observations of lust and human sexuality. Her book is a partial autobiography called A Sexual Suspect, and is an overnight sensation. Jenny becomes a feminist icon. She uses the proceeds from the book to found a center at her home for troubled and abused women and transsexuals. Meanwhile, Garp\'s first novel is published, which impresses Helen. The two marry and eventually have two children, Duncan and Walt. Garp becomes a devoted parent and successful fiction writer, while Helen becomes a college professor. However, he and his wife both struggle with fidelity. Having learned about his wife\'s infidelity with one of her students, Garp gets into a car accident while his children are riding in the back seat of his car. He crashes into his wife\'s lover\'s car, parked in their home\'s driveway; his wife was in the car performing fellatio on her lover. As a result, Walt is killed and Duncan suffers an eye injury.  This turns into a time of emotional healing when Garp, through the aid of his mother, learns to forgive himself and his wife for their fidelity problems. The couple reconcile, and they have a baby daughter named Jenny after her grandmother. Garp spends time visiting his mother and the people who live at her center, including transsexual ex-football player Roberta Muldoon . He also first hears the story of Ellen James, a girl who was gang-raped and then had her tongue cut out so that she could not identify her attackers. Some of the women at Jenny\'s center are "Ellen Jamesians", women who voluntarily cut out their own tongues as a show of solidarity. Garp is horrified by the practice and learns that the Jamesians have received a letter from Ellen James herself begging them to stop the practice, but that they have voted to refuse. Because of both her center and her book, Jenny has been receiving credible death threats. To Garp\'s dismay, she is dismissive of physical danger, and in fact, decides to endorse a politician who supports her message. Garp writes a book about the life of Ellen James. The book is very successful and well-regarded, but is highly critical of the Jamesians. Garp begins receiving death threats of his own from them. During a political rally, Jenny is shot and killed by a male anti-feminist fanatic. The women of Jenny\'s center hold a memorial for her, but forbid all men from attending. Garp, dressed as a woman, is secreted into the memorial by Muldoon. However, he is identified by Pooh, a Jamesian he had known when they both were in school. A commotion breaks out, and Garp is in danger of being hurt, until a woman leads him out of the memorial, away from danger, and to a taxi. The woman is Ellen James , who thanks Garp for his book about her. The Jamesians are further outraged that Garp attended the memorial. Garp returns to his old school as the wrestling coach. One day during practice, Pooh enters the gymnasium and shoots him at close range with a pistol. Garp is airlifted away from the school by helicopter with his wife. He flashes back to an earlier time when his mother would toss him into the air. The movie is left open-ended on whether he survives or not.'] ['Estelle Rolfe  is a one-person protest army: she goes to jail over grocery prices, shames construction workers for catcalls to passing women, and won\'t cross a picket line for her son\'s wedding. She also loves films starring Greta Garbo, the film actress whose transition from silent films to her first sound film was ballyhooed in advertisements with the slogan "GARBO TALKS." When Estelle learns she has a brain tumor and six months to live, she decides she must meet Garbo. Her dutiful son, Gilbert , a Manhattan accountant named for Garbo\'s co-star in several films, John Gilbert, intends to fulfill his mother\'s wish despite Garbo\'s known reclusiveness. Gilbert hires a paparazzo  to show him Garbo\'s apartment, stakes it out, gets a job delivering food there, seeks her on Fire Island, and tracks her to a Sixth Avenue flea market. As his obsession distances him from his wife , he\'s drawn to a struggling actress  he meets at work.'] ['"Duddy" Kravitz  is a brash, restless young Jewish man growing up poor in Montreal, Canada. His taxi driver father Max  and his rich uncle Benjy  are very proud of Duddy\'s older brother Lenny, whom Benjy is putting through medical school. Only his grandfather  shows the motherless Duddy any attention. Duddy gets a summer job as a waiter at a Jewish resort hotel in the Laurentian Mountains. His hustle, energy and coarse manners irritate condescending college student and fellow waiter Irwin. Irwin gets his girlfriend Linda, the daughter of the hotel\'s owner, to persuade Duddy to stage a clandestine roulette game. Unbeknownst to Duddy, the roulette wheel is crooked, and he loses his entire $300 earnings to Irwin and some hotel guests. Fortunately for Duddy, the other waiters find out and make Irwin give back the money. Unaware of this, the hotel guests, led by Farber, feel bad and give him a further $500. Duddy starts a serious relationship with another hotel employee, French-Canadian Yvette . One day, she takes him on a picnic beside a lake. Duddy is stunned by the beauty of the setting, and his ambition crystallizes: taking to heart his grandfather\'s maxim that "a man without land is nobody", he decides he will buy all the property around the lake and develop it. Because the current owners might not want to sell to a Jew, he gets Yvette to front for him. Duddy sets out to raise the money he needs. He hires blacklisted, alcoholic American director Friar  to film weddings and bar mitzvahs. His first customer is Farber, who drives a hard bargain. If he does not like the result, he will not pay. Despite Friar\'s artistic pretensions, the film is a success, and more orders are quickly forthcoming. However, when a piece of land comes up for sale, Duddy does not have enough money. He begs his father to get him an appointment with his friend Dingleman, "the Boy Wonder," a rich, successful gangster who had equally humble beginnings. Dingleman turns down his request for a loan but later invites him to discuss his scheme on a train to New York. It turns out that Dingleman just wants a dupe to take unknowingly the risk of smuggling heroin, but Duddy gets a loan out of it. On the train, Duddy meets good-natured Virgil  and, ever open to a deal, offers to buy his pinball machines, which are illegal in the United States. When Virgil shows up, Duddy does not have enough money to pay him, so Duddy hires Virgil as a truck driver, even though he has epilepsy. Tragedy strikes when Virgil has a seizure while driving and crashes; he is left permanently paralyzed from the waist down. Duddy is distraught and guilt-ridden. Blaming Duddy, Yvette leaves him to care for Virgil. Duddy becomes alarmed when Dingleman finds out about his lake. When the last piece of property Duddy needs comes on the market, Dingleman bids for it. Desperate, Duddy forges Virgil\'s signature on a check to buy the land, leading to a final rupture with Yvette and Virgil. Undeterred, Duddy proudly takes Max, Lenny and his grandfather to see his property. When Dingleman shows up to offer to raise the financing for its development, Duddy tells him to get off his land. However, Duddy\'s grandfather refuses to pick out a plot for his farm; Yvette has told the grandfather what Duddy did to get it.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Gray  at the funeral of her fiancé, Grady. They were supposed to be married that day. Gray is very upset and eventually seeks solace by hiding in the bathtub. Meanwhile, one of Grady\'s friends, Fritz , has seduced one of the catering staff and takes her into the bathroom, not realizing that Gray is there. Gray is forced to listen to them have sex. Once the caterer leaves, she pulls back the shower curtain, startling Fritz. Gray visits the attorney to determine what will happen to Grady\'s estate. Grady did not have a will and since she and Grady were not married, she will not inherit his money. The attorney reveals that Grady had an investment account with a million dollars in it, which Gray knew nothing about. She determines that she can no longer afford to rent the house that they had picked out and she was already living in. With help from Grady\'s friends Dennis  and Sam , she puts her things into storage and moves in with them into Grady\'s old room. Fritz, who lives in L.A., is also staying in the house during his visit. Tensions continue between Gray and Fritz. As Gray investigates Grady\'s investment account, she finds that every month, he transferred $3,000 out of the account. During the night, a separate house phone line rings. Gray wakes up Fritz, thinking the phone is his. He says that it\'s not his and turns it off. At the same time, they realize that the phone must have belonged to Grady. Gray grabs the phone first and turns it on to find ten voicemail messages. She listens to a string of messages from a woman who goes from cautiously concerned to increasingly angry as each message progresses. Gray appears frustrated and upset at what she hears. When Gray researches the phone number, she finds out that the area code is for L.A.. She goes to Fritz for answers, and he reveals that Grady had a son with a woman he met in L.A. and that she depends on the money she received from him to support herself and their son. Fritz tells her that the boy is eight and that the encounter happened before she and Grady were involved. Meanwhile, Gray is further upset when Grady\'s mother asks for the engagement ring back. Gray refuses and keeps the ring. Eventually, the other woman, Maureen , and her son turn up, trying to get answers about Grady and the money. When Gray encounters them, she realizes that the boy is 3 years old, not 8, so the affair happened while she and Grady were together. Gray confronts Fritz about the revelation. She slaps him and he pins her arms against the wall. They kiss, but part and leave without a word. Gray comes to a greater understanding, with this silence, of why Fritz lied and how hiding all this has effected him as well. Gray doesn\'t want anything to do with Maureen, but the guys are reluctant to send her away. They all spend time together and get to know each other. Sam and Maureen begin to develop a connection. Dennis reveals that he has feelings for Gray. Gray lets him down easily, but he becomes furious when he finds that Gray and Fritz are an item. Gray tells Dennis that her relationship with Fritz is "less than nothing", not realizing that he is standing by the doorway and can hear her speaking. Fritz determines that Gray doesn\'t return his feelings for her and he returns to Malibu. Grady\'s mother insists that the boy have a DNA test before inheriting Grady\'s money, as he stands to do under Colorado law. The results determine that Grady was not the father. Maureen is devastated, unsure how she will support her child without Grady\'s money. Gray goes to Grady\'s mother and tells her that she thinks that Grady must have known that the child wasn\'t his, but that his money could make a difference in the boy\'s life. She offers Grady\'s mother the engagement ring in exchange for her giving Grady\'s money to Maureen. The group gathers at the dedication ceremony for the peace garden that Dennis has built to memorialize Grady. Grady\'s mother gives Maureen a certified check. When Gray finds out, she offers the ring back, but Grady\'s mother tells her to keep it. She says that she never cared about the ring or the money, she just wanted her son back. Dennis decides it\'s time for him to be on his own, so he moves out of the house. Maureen and her son move in with Sam. In a voiceover for the memorial, Gray determines that she never fully knew Grady, and while mourning him, has come to have feelings for the one person that they both could be themselves around: Fritz. At the end of the film Gray goes to Malibu. She goes to Fritz\'s house and finds him outside at the beach playing fetch with his dog. She throws the ball and the dog runs after it. Fritz turns around and sees her. She walks toward him and says she should have called then starts rambling. He quiets her by kissing her and says, "What took you so long?" The film ends with Fritz\'s photographs rolling through the credits.'] ["Ermo is a hardworking village woman in the northern province of Hebei, who makes noodles to feed her husband and child. When her neighbor buys a brand new television, she is consumed by dreams of owning one herself. Desperate to own the largest television in the village, she becomes obsessive in her desire to earn money, eventually leaving the village to work in town. Her efforts to earn enough money damages her health and her relationship with her family. The film demonstrates new trends and changes the Chinese society is experiencing during the reform era and the difference attitudes between those who join the capitalist race and those who remain behind. Ermo becomes a wise merchant  and a consumer full of aspirations, while her elder husband still drinks his Chinese medicine and sees himself as the former head of village, a role which was meaningful during the Mao era. While Ermo is becoming more and more attracted to Xiazi , her business-oriented neighbor, and the lifestyle he represents, her husband remains impotent, both physically and metaphorically. As the film progresses it is evident that the competent capitalist-minded characters also do not find satisfaction, though it is clear that those who doesn't join the race are completely irrelevant in the modern society."] ['The film begins with Tunin  learning that his friend, an anarchist who was plotting to kill Benito Mussolini, has been killed by Mussolini\'s fascist police in the countryside. Tunin decides to take up the cause his friend died for. The movie then shows Tunin entering a brothel in Rome and meeting Salomè . The two have a casual sexual encounter. Salome explains her reasons for helping in the assassination plot as her former lover was wrongfully beaten to death by the Mussolini\'s police in Milan. The story continues as Salomè arranges for her, Tunin and Tripolina , another prostitute at the brothel, are going to spend the day with Spatoletti, the head of Mussolini\'s police. The four of them go to the countryside near Rome where the assassination will take place in several days time. Salomè keeps Spatoletti busy while Tunin can scout out the area and plan. Tunin takes an interest, however, in Tripolina and they fall in love. Tunin convinces Tripolina to spend the next two days with him before the assassination as he fears they may be his last. On the morning of the assassination Tripolina is supposed to wake Tunin early. She loves him and is scared he will die so she decides she will not wake him. Tripolina and Salomè argue about this and what to do but in the end they decide to let him sleep. Tunin wakes up and is furious at both of them. He goes into a tirade that draws the attention of the police. He starts a shootout with them and screams that he wants to kill Mussolini. He is captured and beaten to death by the police. The film ends the way it began showing the full title of the film "Stamattina alle 10, in via dei Fiori, nella nota casa di tolleranza..." This morning at 10, on Via dei Fiori , in a noted brothel which is the heading of an unnamed newspaper. The article goes on to say that Tunin  was arrested and then committed suicide, in a statement of the fascist censorship characteristic of the time.'] ["After a failed suicide attempt leaves a man named Roary ([[John Savage  partially crippled, he finds himself living in a run-down house in Oakland, California. He spends a lot of time at a neighborhood bar, which is full of other disabled people, and becomes best friends with Jerry ([[David Morse , the barman with a bad leg. Jerry's luck turns round when a professional basketball player loans him the money for an operation to fix his leg. Once he is fully healed, Jerry goes on to become a basketball star, fulfilling his lifelong dream. However, he abandons his old friends by pretending they never existed."] ['The film tells the story of Orton and Halliwell in flashback, framed by sequences of Lahr researching the book upon which the film is based with Orton\'s literary agent, Peggy Ramsay. Orton and Halliwell\'s relationship is traced from its beginnings at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. Orton starts out as the uneducated youth to Halliwell\'s older faux-sophisticate. As the relationship progresses, however, Orton grows increasingly confident in his talent while Halliwell\'s writing stagnates. They fall into a parody of a traditional married couple, with Orton as the "husband" and Halliwell as the long-suffering and increasingly ignored "wife" . Orton is commissioned to write a screenplay for The Beatles and Halliwell gets carried away in preparing for a meeting with the "Fab Four", but in the end Orton is taken away for a meeting on his own. Finally, a despondent Halliwell kills Orton and commits suicide.'] ['Luke is a restless and reckless drifter and Jon is a relatively timid and pessimistic movie critic. Both are gay and HIV positive. After an unconventional meeting, and after Luke kills a homophobic police officer, they go on a road trip with the motto "Fuck everything."'] ['In 1969, Hunter Adams  is a troubled man who voluntarily commits himself into a mental institution. Once there, he finds that helping his fellow inmates gives him a purpose in life and earns the nickname "Patch". Because of this he aspires to become a medical doctor and two years later enrolls at Virginia Medical University, being the oldest first year student. He questions the school\'s approach to medical care, and clashes with the school\'s Dean Walcott , who believes that doctors must treat patients and not bond with them as people. Because of this and other incidents, including a prank during a medical conference, he is expelled from the school, although he is later reinstated due to his methods actually improving the health of patients. Adams encourages medical students to cultivate relationships with nurses and learn their interviewing skills early, and argues that death should be treated with dignity and even humor. Adams begins a friendship with fellow student Carin Fisher , and develops his idea for a medical clinic built around his philosophy of treating patients through humor and compassion. With the help of Arthur Mendelson , a wealthy man who was a patient whom Patch met while in the mental hospital, he purchases 105 acres  in West Virginia to construct the future Gesundheit! Institute. Together with Carin, medical student Truman Schiff , and some old friends, he renovates an old cottage. When they get the clinic running, they treat walk-in patients without medical insurance, and perform comedy sketches for them. Carin and Patch\'s friendship soon turns into romance. She reveals to him that she had been molested as a child, distancing herself from men and dreaming of becoming a butterfly to escape her torment, but Patch reassures her that she can overcome her pain to help others. Encouraged, Carin wants to help a disturbed patient, Lawrence "Larry" Silver , by visiting him at home. Larry turns out to be far more disturbed than anybody expected, and murders Carin, turning the shotgun on himself soon after. Patch is devastated and guilt-ridden by Carin\'s death. He reconsiders his outlook, and questions the goodness of humanity. He contemplates suicide and questions God for what happened. He then turns to see a butterfly which reminds him of Carin and hope, and so decides to continue his work in her honor. However he is dismissed from the school for a second time because he ran a clinic and practiced medicine without a license. He files a grievance with the state medical board at the advice of his former Med school roommate, Mitch Roman , and must attend a hearing where it is decided whether he can graduate. Patch is able to convince the board in a final speech that he did his best to help the people that came to him, and as a doctor it is his responsibility to treat the disease of the body as well as a person\'s spirit regardless of outcome. The jury accepts Patch\'s medical methods and decides to allow him to graduate. He receives a standing ovation from the packed hearing room. Even at graduation, Patch cannot help but be a non-conformist. After handing Adams a diploma, Walcott approves of Patch\'s conformity, to which Patch bows to the professors and the audience, revealing his nude bottom under his gown.'] ['Perhan lives with his devoted grandmother Khaditza, his lame sister Danira and his dissolute uncle Merdzan. He wants to marry a girl named Azra, but her mother won\'t allow it, as Perhan is the illegitimate son of a Slovenian soldier who had an affair with Perhan\'s late mother. Ahmed, the "Gypsy sheik," comes to the village with his brothers. Merdzan loses his clothes playing cards with Ahmed\'s brothers, and comes home desperate for money so that he can repay. It is raining and not finding any money, he accuses the grandmother of hiding the money from him and lifts the frame of the house up , so that it is suspended in mid-air as the rain comes down on Perhan, his grandmother and Danira. Very soon after, Khaditza is summoned to use her powers to save Ahmed\'s sick son, Roberto, which Khaditza does. For repayment, she proposes a deal with Ahmed - to pay for Danira\'s leg to be healed at a hospital in Ljubljana. Perhan goes with Danira, promising his grandmother not to leave her, but Ahmed asks where will he stay and convinces him to go to Milan. At first Perhan wants to make money honestly, but after being dragged through the mud, Perhan begins stealing and squirreling money away in a shack. After being double-crossed by his brother Sadam, Ahmed appoints Perhan boss of the operation. Now relatively rich, Perhan goes home, where he is enraged to find Azra is pregnant. Perhan refuses to believe her. They marry with the condition that she sell the baby. Perhan is also disappointed to find that the house Ahmed promised to build him is not being built at all, and that Danira was not operated on, but forced to be a beggar as part of Ahmed\'s money operation. On their wedding night, Azra tells him the child is theirs, and was conceived when they made love on the Feast of St George. Still wearing her wedding dress, Azra dies after giving birth to a boy while levitating mid-air. Because Ahmed leaves with the baby, which we discover later is also named Perhan, he is raised by Ahmed\'s crew. After four years of searching, Perhan reunites with Danira in Rome, who leads him to Perhan Jr., whom Perhan now accepts as his child. Perhan drops the children off at the train station, promising to meet up with them after buying an accordion for his son and a present  for grandmother. The boy tells him he is mad at him because he will not return, and he will not get an accordion. Perhan assures him he will, "Cross my gypsy heart," but immediately runs out of the station to settle the score with Ahmed, who is about to be married. Perhan arrives at the wedding and kills Ahmed with a fork, using his telekinetic powers. He also kills Ahmed\'s brothers, but he is in turn killed by Ahmed\'s new wife. At the funeral, the grandmother passes out drinks to everyone and Perhan Jr. goes outside the house, peers through the window at his dead father, breaks the glass and steals the coins put on his father\'s eyes.'] ['Adam and Paul are childhood friends who as adults have withered into two hopeless, desperate addicts, tied together by habit and necessity. The film is a stylised, downbeat comedy, following the pair through a single day, which, like every other, is devoted to scrounging and robbing money to buy heroin. Adam and Paul wake up sick in the middle of a field with Adam glued to a mattress. They make their way into town via a run-in with a terrified and terrifying drug dealer named Martin in Flat 63 of Ballymun Housing, a hasty exit from the top deck of a bus, a long trudge down the median of a dual carriageway and an incident with a moped that injures Paul\'s leg. Wandering through St Stephen\'s Green they meet their old gang who are drinking cans and having "a little picnic for the kiddies". Made feel unwelcome, the boys sit down to a roasting from the Marian and Orla who are furious with them for not turning up that morning to the month’s mind of Matthew, the boys\' best friend and Orla’s brother. Marian, backed by her brother Wayne, warns them to stay away from his sister. To the disgust of Wayne and the girls, Georgie lets slip that there is a "do" on for Matthew that night in the Bunker pub. From here we follow the boys aimlessly wandering around the city looking for an unknown person – perhaps a contact that might be able to sort them out with a fix. They have a misunderstanding with a homeless boy in a sleeping bag who thinks they\'re looking for a local troublemaker under the alias of "Clank" who he mistakenly gathers owes them money. Paul hurts his hand in a botched attempt at a smash and grab; they get kicked out of a café for trying to steal a handbag and Paul gets barred from a shop for "feelin\' bread". After a random argument with a Bulgarian immigrant, and failing to get anywhere in their search for drugs, they make their way to Janine’s. She is not home but the door is left open. The boys are just about to steal her telly, when they hear the sound of a baby crying. Janine returns home to find the two gently holding and whispering to the baby. They leave Janine with the promise that they will see her again that night at the Bunker. The pair mug an adolescent with Down syndrome, but he does not have any cash or valuables. Later, a furious man grabs them, accusing them of spreading rumours that he owes them money. He identifies himself as Clank. Clank and his friend Zippy kidnap the two and force them to keep a lookout for trouble while they "cause a bit of mayhem" in a nearby garage with baseball bats. Adam and Paul fail to notice the arrival of police and both Clank and Zippy are arrested. The pair decide to take Clank\'s car to a fence, but crash in the process. Sitting on an old cooker down a back lane, they come across a flat-screen TV. They and Kittser, a stolen goods merchant, take the telly to Ballymun Housing and attempt to sell it to a drunk older man. But Kittser and the buyer argue and the telly gets damaged, forcing the again hopeless depressed Adam and Paul to leave. On the way out they pass the door of drug dealer Martin who is being raided by a gang of vigilantes. As the two sit outside the block, the contents of Martin\'s flat are thrown off of his tower block flat and land on the ground around the boys including two bags of heroin. After spending the night in the center of Dublin intoxicated on their find, Paul wakes up the next morning on Dublin Bay. Adam, who is lying behind him, has overdosed and is dead. Paul leaves with the two bags of heroin.'] [' Struggling actor William McFly  is hired by wealthy Cecil Fox  to play his personal secretary for a practical joke. Pretending to be on his deathbed, Fox invites three former lovers to his Venetian palazzo for a final visit: penniless Princess Dominique , fading movie star Merle McGill , and Texas millionairess Mrs. Lone Star Crockett Sheridan . Accompanying Mrs. Sheridan is her spinster nurse, Sarah Watkins . By chance, each of the women brings Fox a timepiece as a present. The three women warily size each other up. Mrs. Sheridan boldly announces that the others might as well go home, as she is Fox\'s common-law wife, and they can expect to inherit nothing. However, when Sarah returns from a late-night date with McFly, she finds her employer dead of an overdose of sleeping pills, an apparent suicide. Police Inspector Rizzi  investigates. Sarah knows that the pills Mrs. Sheridan had been taking are harmless fakes. McFly has already revealed to Sarah that Fox is perpetrating a charade, and that the final joke is to be the reading of the will, empowering McFly to choose the heir. She therefore suspects him not only of being the murderer, but also plotting to kill Fox. When she confronts McFly, he locks her in her room, telling her it is for her own safety. She manages to escape via a dumbwaiter and warns Fox. However, his displeased reaction puzzles her. He sends her back to her room. The next morning, Fox is found dead. McFly reveals that Fox was the killer of Sarah\'s employer. He was broke and wanted Mrs. Sheridan\'s fortune. Once McFly had figured it out , Fox realized it was all up and committed suicide. Sarah asks McFly to write her name down in the will as the heir of Fox\'s worthless estate as a souvenir, with Rizzi signing as a witness. After McFly complies, an amused Rizzi complements him on his "generosity" -- while Fox may have been deeply in debt, Mrs. Sheridan\'s estate is so vast, Sarah will still emerge an extremely wealthy woman. She informs McFly that she will marry him and hand over the money once he resumes his law studies and becomes a lawyer.'] ['Kostya and Oleg come to Moscow from Murmansk. Kostya dreams of becoming a professional music video director, Oleg is aiming high to a "respectable" capital citizen. They make friends and support each other, going, however, their own ways. By chance, Oleg and Kostya meet Shepilov, a successful businessman. At a glance he sees Oleg is talented in talking people into doing what they do not need. Shepilov offers Oleg a job with a realty company. The trouble is that Kostya falls in love with Alina, Shepilov’s former fiancée, who he still hopes to get back to love him… Shepilov cancels Alina’s performance that had to be the crucial one for her further career. However, Kostya makes a video for Alina that soon brings her a contract offer from London… Now Alina has got to make up her mind for either love or career as the contract forces her to make a break with Kostya. Kostya in his turn gets to choose whether to go to London with Alina or to accept a job offer from a well-known producer and achieve what he dreamed of. Oleg as well must decide what is more important to him — friendship or his «respectable» status. Oleg finds out the business that made him turn away from his friend is spattered with blood… Oleg is in danger and Kostya is the only one to help him out. But both Kostya and Alina themselves are already chased after as they might witness against Shepilov. So now Kostya does not only have to save himself and the girl her loves, but also his friend who betrayed him…'] ['Dylan , a high school student with an inoperable brain tumor, lives with his widowed mother Carol  in Marcus Hook, Pennsylvania. He is invited on television by a wish-granting organization and stuns viewers with his wish: he wants to spend a weekend alone with supermodel Nikki Sinclair . Living in New York City, Nikki is watching television and hears about Dylan\'s wish; she is convinced by her agent to see Dylan, as part of a publicity stunt to improve Nikki\'s image, but her visit is very brief. Dylan is disappointed and decides to raise money and travel to New York, trying to see Nikki again. Carol struggles with allowing her sick son  to be unsupervised in an unfamiliar city. Nikki has her own problems and is reluctant to even speak to Dylan. Striking out and growing sicker, Dylan and his friends take a cab back to Pennsylvania, and eventually to the hospital. Surprisingly, Nikki shows up and, at his request, takes Dylan to the beach. They spend the day together talking, fishing, and kissing, eventually falling asleep on a blanket. In the morning, Nikki discovers that Dylan has died. Nikki attends his funeral with friends and family. As he enters the afterlife, Dylan arrives on the beach to see his father, who died years before, fishing. He invites Dylan to join him. Dylan asks his father how he knows this is not a dream. His father replies, "You don\'t, and you never will".'] ['Aurora  and Emma Greenway Horton  are mother and daughter, both searching for deep romantic love. Beginning with Emma\'s early childhood, Aurora reveals how difficult and caring she can be by nearly climbing into Emma\'s crib in order to make sure her daughter is breathing—only to be reassured once Emma starts crying . The two have an extremely close love-hate mother/daughter relationship as Emma grows up. The film follows both women across several years as each find their reasons for going on living and finding joy. Emma gets married immediately upon graduating High School in the Houston area, while her best friend Patsy  continues on to college, eventually becoming successful and rich in New York City. Emma has two children that she and her husband, college professor Flap Horton , struggle to support in Des Moines, Iowa, and she later telephones her mother and asks for money when she is pregnant with her third child. Aurora, not knowing by the telephone call that Emma is already several months pregnant, wants Emma to get an abortion. Emma\'s once-passionate marriage to Flap becomes strained, thanks mostly to his philandering, and she finds a lover in small-town, older banker Sam Burns , with whom she eventually has a romantic love affair as well. At the same time, Aurora cultivates the attention of several gentlemen in the area, some rather bizarre, but is attracted to her next door neighbor of fifteen years, the philandering, retired astronaut Garrett Breedlove . Garrett has been drinking heavily for years and partied with very young women at his home. Aurora and Garrett eventually go on a lunch date, make love and develop a tenuous relationship. One scene shows them speeding in his open Corvette convertible along a quiet beach as he recklessly sits on top of the car and steers with his foot. Emma returns to her mother\'s home in Houston after discovering her husband is having an affair with a young grad student named Janice, who attends the same college where Flap teaches. However, Emma\'s appearance along with her three children spooks Garrett, who has been single for a long time. After re-assessing his relationship with Aurora, Garrett breaks up with her, greatly upsetting Aurora. While Emma is in Houston, Flap telephones her and she reluctantly returns home to Iowa, attempting reconciliation with him. Both accept that they have each made mistakes. Emma ends the relationship with Sam after Flap accepts a new teaching position in Kearney, Nebraska. Although she does not want to, Emma agrees to relocate to further Flap\'s career. However, Emma soon discovers that Janice is attending the same college where Flap now works, realizing that Flap followed her to Nebraska. With her daughter in a stroller, Emma confronts Janice before taking her daughter to the doctor\'s office so both can get flu shots. While administering the injection, Emma\'s doctor notices two large lumps under her armpit. Although Emma is only in her 30s, the doctor orders a biopsy and discovers she has a "malignancy." Emma\'s childhood friend Patsy invites her to New York City for her first vacation without her children. However, after arriving, Emma feels out-of-place amongst Patsy\'s friends and returns home early to begin treatment for her illness. Later, her doctor informs her that the drugs she was taking did not "have the desired effect," and that she will not survive her illness. Flap and Aurora remain by her bedside in the hospital for weeks. Although devastated and exhausted, Aurora is still very supportive and loving towards Emma. Garrett flies to Lincoln, Nebraska and surprises Aurora, and the two proclaim their love for each other. After a discussion in the hospital cafeteria between Aurora and Flap, in which Aurora tells him he doesn\'t have the energy for a job, chasing women, and managing a family, Aurora tells Flap she will raise his and Emma\'s children in Houston. Although Patsy, who has no children of her own, wants to adopt Melanie, Flap and Emma do not want their children to be separated. Emma, not wanting Janice to raise her children and Flap, feeling like a failure as both a father and a husband, agree that living with Aurora is best for their children. As Emma\'s time begins to run short, Teddy shows open resentment toward his mother due to circumstances such as social class, fights between his parents, and Teddy\'s perception of feeling unloved. Emma reassures all three children they are loved, and after an altercation with Aurora, Teddy weeps in her arms. Emma dies later that night. Following Emma\'s funeral, Emma and Aurora\'s friends and family gather in Aurora\'s back yard for a wake. Garrett shows love toward each of Emma\'s children and helps Teddy cope during the wake. The film closes on Aurora, sitting next to her grandchild Melanie.'] ["After celebrating his 29th and - as everyone including himself knows - last birthday, James, a young man terminally ill with cancer, sets out on a last hiking trip with his three best friends, Davy, Bill and Miles. Their destination is James's favourite beach at Barafundle Bay, on the Pembrokeshire coast. Davy is a kind, loyal and responsible soul who has been unemployed and helping James's family take care of him for quite a while already. Bill is boisterous and fun-loving, and everybody hopes he is finally getting around to breaking up with his long-time oppressive girlfriend. Miles, lately absent from James's life, is a handsome intellectual turned into a businessman and the son of a successful novelist who died, also of cancer, when Miles was a child. James's and Miles's friendship used to be very close and has always bordered on rivalry, particularly as aspiring writers. James is too weak to walk much any more, so he mostly sits in a special cart and needs a lot of very practical and physical help from his companions, in addition to liquid morphine and other medications at increasing frequency to manage his chronic pain and other symptoms. Having been ill for some years already, he seems to be at peace with his rapidly approaching death and takes childlike delight in everything this last journey has to offer. However, his failing strength and increasing discomfort and outright pain also bring out his bitterness in the knowledge that his life will be over before he ever had time to make anything much of it. Traveling over the rugged and isolated coastal terrain, the young men fool around having light-hearted, juvenile fun to give James the time of his life. They also encounter various odd persons and situations and are faced with a series of setbacks and accidents, including loss of various supplies and finally the cart. Everyone's nerves and patience are sorely tested by James's outbursts at each of his friends in turn: out partly of premeditation and partly of spontaneous anger due to pain, he seems to attempt to shake them out of mediocrity, settling for things and excessive unselfishness and into making what they actually want out of the lives they still have ahead. Davy is mortified by James's observations; Bill reveals that his girlfriend is pregnant and while he knows that they are not right for each other, under the circumstances he can't and won't leave her; Miles counters James's attacks with equally brutal honesty regarding James himself. Eventually James and Miles come to reveal the guilty secrets each has kept from the other. James found, copied and read the novel manuscript Miles finished years ago without ever telling anyone, and has been jealous ever since but also impressed by Miles's writing talent. Miles has kept away from James lately because he has been unable and unwilling to cope with his best friend's illness, but he is in love and sleeping with James's married sister, and she and her children will soon come to live with Miles – something he did not intend James ever to know. On the night they finally arrive at Barafundle Bay, James reveals the true purpose of the trip: he plans to drown himself in the sea while he still feels alive and before pain takes his life over completely. He asks his friends to allow him to do this and tell everybody that they woke up in the morning and found his body in the water. Horrified at the thought, they refuse; however, after temporarily losing James's morphine supply and witnessing him struggle with severe pain, they change their minds. Next morning, James swims out with his friends keeping him company, and eventually Miles helps him to drown himself near the shore and brings his body back."] ['Verona De Tessant  and Burt Farlander  are in their early thirties and struggling to meet daily needs and build fulfilling lives as an anatomy artist and a salesman of insurance futures, respectively. When they learn they will soon become parents, they are confronted with the challenge of how - and where - to raise a child and build a happy family. Six months into Verona\'s pregnancy, she and Burt visit their only family in the area, Burt\'s parents, Gloria and Jerry , only to find that they have decided to move to Antwerp, Belgium, for two years a month before the baby is due to be born. Frustrated at Burt\'s parents\' selfishness and ill-thinking, he and Verona see this as an opportunity to find somewhere else to raise their family. They first visit Phoenix, Arizona, meeting up with Verona\'s old boss, Lily , her husband, Lowell , and their two children. Burt in particular is disturbed by Lily and Lowell\'s crass and mean-spirited behavior toward one another and their children. Burt and Verona next visit Verona\'s sister, Grace , in Tucson, Arizona. At Verona\'s request, Burt tries to persuade Grace to stay with her boring boyfriend. When Burt takes a call and displays his trademark humor, Grace tells Verona that she is lucky to have him and Verona agrees. While shopping, Grace tries to get Verona to talk about their deceased parents. On their way to Wisconsin, they are told they cannot fly by airline employees who believe Verona is in her eighth month. The couple insists that she is only six months in but ultimately take a train. In Madison, Wisconsin, the couple visits Burt\'s childhood friend and pseudo-cousin, "LN" , a college professor with inherited money and radical views about parenting. Burt and Verona bring a stroller as a gift, greatly angering LN as she and her husband Roderick ([[Josh Hamilton  are a "continuum home." When Roderick\'s condescension and LN\'s backhanded compliments to Verona get to be too much for Burt, he tells them they are horrible people and he and Verona leave but not before letting their kid take a ride in the stroller, which he enjoys. Burt and Verona then visit old college friends in Montreal, Tom ([[Chris Messina  and his wife, Munch Garnett , and their diverse family of adopted children. Verona and Burt are happy to have found a loving family and a nice town and decide to move to Montreal. After dinner they wind up at a bar during "amateur dance night" in which Munch is an active participant. During Munch\'s performance, Tom confesses to Burt that Munch has recently suffered her fifth miscarriage and that they seem unable to have biological children. Verona has also picked up clues over the night and shares a knowing glance with Burt as Munch and Tom embrace. In the morning, Burt receives an emergency call from his brother, Courtney ([[Paul Schneider , in Miami, whose wife has left him. Burt and Verona fly to Miami, where Courtney worries about his young daughter and the potential effects of a divorce on her. Burt tries to comfort Courtney while Verona spends time with his daughter. Burt and Verona spend the night outside on a trampoline, promising to love each other and their daughter and have a happy home. The next day, Verona tells Burt a story about her childhood and her parents. Moved by her memory, they decide to settle in Verona\'s old family home. Realizing it is the place for them, they sit together happily, overlooking the water.'] ['A former world-famous conductor of the Bolshoi Theatre orchestra, known as "The Maestro", Andrey Simonovich Filipov, had had his career publicly broken by Leonid Brezhnev for defending Jewish musicians and now is reduced to being an alcoholic working as a mere janitor in the theatre where he once conducted. While cleaning his boss\' office he intercepts an official invitation from the prestigious Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris to replace a concert with the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra that was canceled at the last minute. Filipov comes up with a plan to reunite his old orchestra, composed of old Jewish and Gypsy musicians - who also have been reduced to make a living as movers or taxi drivers - to perform in Paris and complete a performance of Tchaikovsky\'s Violin Concerto, which was interrupted 30 years earlier by former KGB Agent Ivan Gavrilov, who is enroled by Filipov in his scheme as the orchestra\'s manager and is actively and efficiently supporting Filipov\'s plan, much to the dismay and suspicion of Aleksandr \'Sasha\' Abramovich Grossman, because it turns out that Gavrilov has his own agenda for the Paris trip. Gavrilov and Filipov demand several conditions from the Châtelet, that they are forced to accept, since the concert with the Bolshoi is significantly less expensive; one of those conditions is that the solo violinist is Anne-Marie Jacquet, who famously has never played Tchaikovsky\'s concerto because she is afraid of it, but has long dreamt of playing it with the Bolshoi and particularly with Filipov - whose fame outside of Russia has not diminished -; her agent, Guylène de La Rivière, who is also Anne-Marie\'s adoptive mother, is reluctant to allow that, because she is acquainted with Filipov and his past, but Anne-Marie insists and she has no option but to accept. The orchestra is also forced to accept the sponsorship of an openly mafia boss who likes to play the cello, despite the fact that he does so terribly and who is part of the orchestra. Once in Paris, the entire orchestra disappears partying and raising money in other jobs such as taxi drivers, movers or translators. The unprofessionalism of the Russian musicians and Anne-Marie\'s own impression that the performance serves as a means of catharsis for Filipov, forces Anne-Marie to call off the concert, but Sasha convinces her to come to the theater because the Concert holds the key of Anne-Marie\'s past and her parents, whom she has never met but she believes them to be scientists who died during her infancy in the Alps. As it turns out Filipov and his wife Irina were best friends with Leia and Yitzhak Strum, also Jewish musicians; Leia was an accomplished violinist and the soloist at the time of the interrupted concert thirty years before in Moscow. After the public humiliation that they suffered under Gavrilov and the entire Brezhnev règime, the couple spoke openly against the government in Radio Free Europa, an American radio station that was banned in the former USSR, as a result they were deported to Siberia where they spent the rest of their lives. Leia, Anne-Marie\'s mother, lost her reason and played the concert in her imagination every day for her husband until her death in 1981, which was followed by his six months later. Baby Anne-Marie managed to escape with Guylène, at the time a representative of a visiting French orchestra, because she was hidden away in a cello case at the behest of Irina, Filipov and Sasha. At the very last moment the entire orchestra, after receiving a SMS message from Filipov that they should play in honor of Leia, appears at the Theatre despite the fact that not a single rehearsal has taken place. In the meantime, the real manager of the Bolshoi, who happened to be vacationing in Paris and learned about the concert by chance, appears at the theatre to prevent the performance, but he is tricked by Gavrilov who locks him in a broom closet. The concert has a wobbly beginning due to the lack of rehearsals, but they all manage to reach Filipov\'s ideal spontaneous harmony once Anne-Marie mesmerizes everyone with her magnificent interpretation of the solo part, which she studied on her mother\'s annotated score. The concert is a huge success and Filipov is able to restart his career as a conductor of the new "Andrey Filipov Orchestra" along with Anne-Marie, who joins him in a world tour.'] ["Warren Schmidt is retiring from his position as an actuary with Woodmen of the World, an insurance company in Omaha, Nebraska. Schmidt is given a retirement dinner that seems to bring no comfort. Schmidt finds it hard to adjust to his new life outside of work, feeling useless. One evening, he sees a television advertisement about a foster program for African children, Plan USA, and decides to sponsor a child. He soon receives an information package with a photo of his foster child, a small Tanzanian boy named Ndugu Umbo, to whom he relates his life in a series of candid, rambling letters. Schmidt visits his young successor to offer his help, but the offer is politely declined. As he leaves the building, Schmidt sees the contents and files of his office, the sum of his entire career, set out for garbage collectors. He describes to Ndugu his longtime alienation from Helen, his wife, who suddenly dies from a blood clot in her brain just after his retirement and their purchase of a Winnebago Adventurer motor home. Friends arrive, along with Jeannie, his only daughter, and her fiancé Randall Hertzel from Denver. They console him at the funeral, but Jeannie later berates him for taking his wife for granted, such as by refusing to fully pay for the Winnebago  and burying her in a cheap casket. He asks her to move back for a while to take care of him, but she refuses. Meanwhile, Randall tries to entice him into a pyramid scheme. Schmidt feels that Randall, a waterbed salesman, is unsuited to his daughter, who he feels could do better. After the couple leaves, Schmidt is overcome by loneliness. He stops showering, sleeps in front of the television, and goes shopping with a coat over pajamas to load up on frozen foods. In his wife's closet he discovers some hidden love letters disclosing her long-ago affair with a mutual friend. Schmidt angrily confronts the friend, cursing the betrayal. In order to find some control in his life, he decides to take a journey alone in his new Winnebago to see his daughter and convince her not to marry Randall. He tells Jeannie he's headed out early to the wedding, but she makes it clear she doesn't want him there until right before the ceremony. Schmidt visits places from his past, including his hometown and college campus. His childhood home has been replaced by a tire shop. While at a trailer campground, he is a dinner guest of a friendly and sympathetic couple. Schmidt makes at pass at the wife, and flees in terror when she adamantly rejects his advance. Schmidt later forgives the late Helen for the affair and apologizes to her for his own failings as a husband. Feeling full of purpose after forgiving his wife, Schmidt arrives in Denver with the intent of stopping Jeannie's wedding. He stays at the home of Roberta, Randall's mother. He meets Randall's socially odd, off-putting family and tries unsuccessfully to dissuade Jeannie from the marriage. Schmidt throws out his back after sleeping on Randall's waterbed, infuriating Jeannie. Schmidt later flees to his Winnebago after Roberta makes a pass at him in a hot tub. The next day, Schmidt, under the influence of oxycodone, attends the wedding and delivers a kind speech at the dinner, hiding his disapproval. Before leaving Denver, Schmidt composes a letter to Ndugu. Schmidt questions what he has accomplished in life, lamented that he will soon be dead, that his life has made no difference to anyone, and that eventually it will be as if he has never existed at all. A pile of mail is waiting for him at home. Schmidt opens a letter from Tanzania. It is from a nun, who writes that Ndugu is illiterate but appreciates Schmidt's letters and financial support very much. A painting drawn by Ndugu is enclosed, showing two smiling stick figures, one large and one small, holding hands on a sunny day. The film ends with Schmidt weeping as he looks at it."] ['A Vietnam vet returns home from a prisoner of war camp and is greeted as a hero, but is quickly forgotten and soon discovers how tough survival is in his own country.'] 