['In the 19th century, Benjamin Barker , a skilled barber, returns to London assuming the alias "Sweeney Todd", accompanied by sailor Anthony Hope . Fifteen years earlier, Barker had been falsely charged and banished by the corrupt Judge Turpin , who had lusted after his wife, Lucy . At Mrs. Nellie Lovett\'s  meat pie shop on Fleet Street, he learns that Lucy poisoned herself with arsenic after Turpin raped her. Todd\'s teenage daughter Johanna  is now Turpin\'s ward and, like her mother before her, is the object of Turpin\'s lust. Todd vows revenge, reopening his barber shop in the upstairs flat after Mrs. Lovett returns his old straight razors to him. While roaming London, Anthony spots Johanna in an upstairs room of a large house singing to her birds, and a beggar woman tells him her name. Anthony is instantly smitten with her, and Turpin invites him in, only for Turpin\'s associate Beadle Bamford  to throw him out. Though Bamford warns Anthony that he will be punished if he is seen there again, the sailor becomes convinced that he and Johanna are meant to be together. During a visit to the marketplace, Todd denounces a fraudulent hair tonic by faux-Italian barber Adolfo Pirelli , and humiliates him in a public shaving contest, winning £5 and gaining the attention of Beadle Bamford. Todd becomes impatient while waiting for Beadle Bamford to arrive at his shop; Mrs. Lovett consoles him when Pirelli and his boy assistant Tobias Ragg ([[Ed Sanders  arrive. Mrs. Lovett keeps Toby occupied downstairs, while in the parlor Pirelli reveals himself to be Todd\'s former assistant, Davy Collins, and threatens to reveal Todd\'s secret to Beadle Bamford unless Todd gives him half his earnings. Instead of giving Pirelli a payoff, Todd beats him with a boiling kettle. He then stuffs Pirelli in a trunk to hide him from Toby, later slitting his throat upon realizing that he is still alive. After receiving some advice from Beadle, Turpin, intending to propose to Johanna, pays a visit to Todd\'s parlor to groom himself. Todd shaves Turpin while preparing to slit his throat; before he can do so, however, they are interrupted by Anthony, who bursts in and reveals his plan to elope with Johanna before he realizes Turpin is there. Turpin leaves enraged, vowing never to return. His chance at revenge missed, Todd swears revenge on the entire world and vents his murderous rage upon his customers while waiting for another chance to kill Turpin. He is indiscriminate about his killings, believing that he is punishing the corrupt aristocracy for their exploitation of those below them, while saving the lower classes from their misery. Mrs. Lovett becomes his willing accomplice, suggesting they dispose of the bodies by baking them into pies to improve her business. Todd rigs his barber\'s chair with a pedal-operated mechanism, which deposits his victims through a trap door into Lovett\'s bakehouse. Meanwhile, Anthony begins to search for Johanna, who was sent by Turpin to Fogg\'s insane asylum upon discovering her plans to elope with Anthony. The barbering and pie-making business prospers, and Lovett takes in Toby. With both of the shops being such a success, Mrs. Lovett informs Todd of her plans to move to the seaside. Anthony finally discovers Johanna\'s whereabouts, and under advice from Todd, he poses as a wig-maker\'s apprentice, who are allowed into asylums to collect hair for wigs, thus providing him the access he needs to rescue Johanna. Todd comes up with a new plan to lure Turpin back, and has Toby deliver a letter to him telling him where Johanna will be brought when Anthony frees her. Toby has become wary of Todd and tells Mrs. Lovett, unaware of her role in the crimes: he promises to protect her, loving her as a surrogate mother. Beadle Bamford arrives at the barber shop, informing them that neighbors complain of the stink coming out of the chimney. He is murdered by Todd, and Mrs. Lovett informs him of Toby\'s suspicions. The pair search for Toby, whom Mrs. Lovett has locked in the basement bakehouse to keep him out of the way. Toby is nowhere to be found, having hidden in the sewers after seeing the Beadle\'s body drop into the room from the trap door above, as well as finding a toe in a pie. Meanwhile, Anthony frees Johanna and brings her to the shop in disguise, while locking an asylum staff-member in a cell, where it is implied the inmates kill him. In Todd\'s shop Johanna hides herself in a trunk in a corner of the room while Anthony finds a coach. The insane beggar woman who has been pestering Todd, Lovett and Anthony throughout the film makes her way into the shop seemingly searching for the Beadle. As Todd enters, she claims that she recognizes him. Just then, Turpin\'s voice is heard. Todd quickly slits the beggar woman\'s throat and deposits her body through the trap door. As Turpin enters, Todd explains to him that Johanna had repented, and offers a free shave. Todd reveals his true identity to Turpin and stabs him in the neck numerous times before finally slitting his throat and dropping him through the trap door. As Johanna peeks out of the trunk, Todd spots her and prepares to slit her throat as well, not recognizing her as his daughter. Upon hearing a scream from Lovett, he is distracted. He tells Johanna to "forget my face", and leaves her alive in his shop. Todd runs to the basement, where he discovers that the beggar woman was his wife Lucy, whom he had believed to be dead based on Lovett\'s account of the poisoning. Todd realizes that Lovett knew Lucy was alive, and she attempts to convince him that she misled him for his own good, confessing she loves him. Todd pretends to forgive her, waltzing maniacally with her around the bakehouse before hurling her into the open furnace and locking her in. He returns to Lucy and cradles her dead body in his arms. Having witnessed the death of the only mother he has ever had, a vengeful Toby emerges from the sewer, picks up the discarded razor and slits Todd\'s throat. The film ends with Toby walking away as Todd bleeds to death over his dead wife.'] ["Dave  and Clarice Johnson  have reached a breaking point in their marriage. When Clarice is injured in a car accident, her mother Mary  intervenes. The obvious truth that more than just her injuries need immediate attention is exposed. Their odds of making it worsen as Clarice begins to see a physical therapist, and Dave develops a friendship with her  and her friendly teenage son Bryson . The acceptance and comfort Dave finds in them stirs his longing for a family and a passionate partner. Sadly, Bryson unexpectedly dies in a swimming accident, Dave and Julie's relationship closens and Clarice pulls farther away; they must confront whether their vows are or are not easily broken. Later on, Dave visits Julie after she calls him, and he comforts her in her grief. They begin to kiss, but Dave realizes it is Clarice he truly wants. The couple reunites once Clarice expresses to him the reasons for her mother having such a big input in their marriage. They reunite and Dave finds out that Clarice is pregnant."] ["Set amidst the rebel wars  of contemporary Colombia, young Mayor Edipo must mediate a peace deal between conflicting guerrilla groups and the army. It is raining when he leaves. His journey is interrupted when he gets into a shoot-out on a lonely bridge. Returning fire, Edipo somehow escapes. As soon as he gets to town he hears that a prominent leader Layo was brutally slain. No one knows who shot him. Meanwhile a blind coffin-maker Tiresias wanders town making dire prophecies concerning Edipo's future. It is he who tells the mayor that Layo was murdered by a family member. Edipo's fate is sealed when he gets involved with the beautiful and much older Yocasta, a woman who last had sex thirty years before with her husband Layo. She got pregnant and bore a son ... tragedy ensues."] ['FBI Special Agent Sean Archer  has a personal vendetta against civil freelance terrorist Castor Troy  after Castor killed Archer\'s son Michael while trying to assassinate Archer. Archer learns of Castor\'s brother, Pollux , making arrangements for a private jet, and sets a trap to capture both Castor and Pollux. During the operation, Castor gloats about a bomb he has planted somewhere in Los Angeles, but he is knocked into a coma during the firefight. Though Castor and Pollux are captured, and the plans for the bomb found in Pollux\'s suitcase, Archer has no clue to its location. He agrees to undergo an experimental face transplant surgery, giving him the appearance of Castor; this process is only known to his immediate supervisors and Dr. Walsh who performs the surgery. Archer is taken to an offshore high security prison and meets with Pollux, eventually gaining his confidence to learn the bomb\'s location. During this, Castor wakes from his coma and discovers the face transplant and Archer\'s plan. He contacts his agents who force Dr. Walsh to give him Archer\'s face, and then kill him and Archer\'s superiors. Just as Archer contacts the police to pass along the information, Castor arrives at the prison and taunts Archer, revealing he will now take over his life, including Archer\'s wife Eve  and teenage daughter Jamie . As Castor frees Pollux "locates" his bomb and deactivates it, earning praise from the FBI, Archer escapes from the prison during a riot that left said prison completely destroyed and various guards slaughtered, and soon locates Castor\'s old hideout. There, he meets several of Castor\'s gang, including Castor\'s ex-girlfriend Sasha Hassler  and her son Adam, who resembles Michael at that age. Though initially believing that Adam should be sent to child services, Archer finds Sasha to be a caring mother trying to raise her son in rough conditions. When Castor  learns of the prison break, he suspects that Archer will connect with his gang, and leads an FBI raid of his headquarters. During the battle, many of Castor\'s gang are killed, while Archer kills Pollux, infuriating Castor. Castor is berated by FBI Assistant Director in Charge, Victor Lazarro, but in his anger, Castor kills him, feigning that Lazarro suffered a heart attack; Castor is promoted to acting Director in Charge, making him virtually untouchable. Meanwhile, Archer returns to his home and convinces Eve, a doctor herself, that he is Archer, which she later confirms via blood tests; she helps to tend to his wounds, and explains that Castor will be at Lazarro\'s funeral the next day. Archer waits to confront Castor at the funeral, but finds that Castor has taken Eve as a hostage. A gunfight ensues between Castor, Archer, and Castor\'s gang under Archer\'s orders. Sasha helps to rescue Eve, but takes a bullet in protecting Archer; he promises to look after Adam as she dies. Castor attempts to take Jamie hostage, but she retaliates by using a self-defense tactic that Castor had taught her. Castor tries to escape using a nearby speedboat, followed closely by Archer. The two boats crash ashore, and the two men turn to melee. Castor, finding himself being overpowered, damages his face as to make it unusable by Archer, but Archer kills him using a spear gun. As the FBI arrive, Eve is able to explain Archer\'s true identity. The face transplant surgery is reversed, and the film ends with Archer helping to welcome Adam into his family, fulfilling a promise to Sasha.'] ["The film deals with an educated and modern young woman, Wei Ming , living in 1920s Shanghai. As the film begins, Wei Ming is working as a music teacher for a school, even as she harbors dreams of becoming a writer. In the film's opening scene, Wei Ming meets a friend, Yu Haichou  and an old schoolmate, Zhang Xiuzhen , now named Mrs. Wang, on a trolley-car. Wei, Mrs. Wang, and Yu return to Wei's apartment, where Wei receives a phone call from the film's antagonist, the lecherous Dr. Wang , who is also Mrs. Wang's husband. He insists on picking Wei up, even as she ignores his call. As Mrs. Wang leaves, Wei is informed by Yu that one of her books has been accepted for publication. Wei's excitement, however, is soon contrasted as a flashback reveals that the publishing company has only selected her manuscript because she is a young woman. Unaware of this fact, Wei shows Yu a toy she has bought for her young daughter, a product of a failed marriage. She tries to flirt with Yu, but he ignores her advances. Soon, Dr. Wang has picked Wei Ming up and they are on their way to a western-style dancehall. As Wei Ming sits in the car, a flashback is shown on the window of how she met Dr. Wang, a western educated Ph.D. and a member of the board at Wei Ming's school. As Wei Ming and Dr. Wang enter the dance hall, the film contrasts scenes of their dancing with images of Wei Ming's neighbor, Li Aying, a factory worker who leads her fellow workers in learning patriotic songs. With the night winding down, Dr. Wang tries to harass Wei Ming who firmly rejects him. As she flees, she winds up meeting Li and they re-enter their building together. In the mail is a letter from Wei Ming's sister. Wei Ming's daughter, who had been living in the countryside with her aunt, must now come to the city due to financial troubles. The film then cuts to the young daughter and her aunt on a train bound for Shanghai. The young girl asks about her mother, as she coughs ominously. Back in Shanghai, the situation has become dire. Dr. Wang has convinced the principal of the school to fire Wei Ming and the bills have begun to pile up. Li Aying asks Wei Ming to compose the music for a song, entitled The New Women for her. Wei, however, has other issues to deal with, including the worsening sickness of her daughter. Soon, things have reached a breaking point. Wei Ming is offered help from both her publisher as well as a newspaper reporter, but both make advances on her, which she rejects. Unable to pay for medicine for her child, and with no employment, Wei Ming agrees to become a prostitute. Her first client, coincidentally is Dr. Wang, who flaunts his new-found power over her. Wei, disgusted with herself, runs back to her apartment, with Dr. Wang in hot pursuit. Back in the apartment, Wang and Li come to blows with the effeminate Wang becoming quickly incapacitated. In the middle of this brawl, Mrs. Wang bursts through the door and accuses Wei Ming of seducing her husband. With no money, Wei Ming's daughter succumbs to pneumonia. Distraught, Wei Ming attempts to commit suicide, much to the chagrin of both Li Aying and Yu Haichou. In the hospital, both Li and Yu try to convince Wei that she needs to continue living. As the film ends, Wei Ming cries out that she wants to live. A newspaper obituary announcing her death is shown while a gang of Li Aying's workers march in step."] ['The story is told in a non-linear manner. The following is a linear, chronological summary of the plot: Jack Jordan  is a former convict who is using his new-found religious faith to recover from drug addiction and alcoholism. Paul Rivers  is a mathematics professor with a fatal heart condition. Unless he receives a new heart from an organ donor, he will not live longer than one month. Paul\'s wife wants him to donate his sperm so she can have his baby even if he dies. The two are civil to one another, yet distant. Cristina Peck  is also a recovering drug addict and now lives a normal suburban life with a supportive husband and two children. She is a loving mother and active swimmer who has left her days of drugs and booze behind. These three separate stories/characters become tied together one evening when Jack kills Cristina\'s husband and children in a hit-and-run accident. Her husband\'s heart is donated to Paul, who begins his recovery. Cristina is devastated by the loss and returns to drugs and alcohol. Paul is eager to begin normal life again, but he hesitantly agrees to his wife\'s idea of surgery and artificial insemination as a last-ditch effort to get pregnant. During consultations with a doctor before the surgery, Paul learns that his wife had undergone an abortion after they had separated in the past. Angered, Paul ends the relationship. He becomes very inquisitive about whose heart he has. He learns from a private detective that the heart belonged to Cristina\'s husband and begins to follow the widowed Cristina around town. Jack is stricken with guilt following the accident. Despite his wife\'s protests to keep quiet and conceal his guilt, Jack tells her that his "duty is to God" and turns himself in. While incarcerated, he claims that God had betrayed him, loses his will to live and tries unsuccessfully to commit suicide. He is released after Cristina declines to press charges, as she realizes that putting Jack in prison will not bring her family back. When Jack is released, he is unable to reincorporate himself into normal family life, and instead leaves home to live as a transient, working a job of manual labor. Paul finds an opportunity to meet Cristina and eventually reveals how the two of them are connected. Desperately needing one another, they begin to develop a relationship. Though Paul has a new heart, his body is rejecting the surgery and his outlook is grim. As Cristina begins to dwell more on her changed life and the death of her girls, she continually focuses on a desire to exact revenge on Jack. She goads Paul into agreeing to murder him. Paul meets with the private detective who originally found Cristina for him. Paul also purchases a gun from him and learns that Jack is living in a motel. Paul and Cristina check into the motel where Jack is also staying. When Jack is walking alone, Paul grabs him and leads him out into a clearing at gunpoint with the intention of killing him. Paul is unable to kill Jack, who himself is confused, shaking and pleading during the event. Paul tells Jack to "just disappear" then returns to the motel, lying to Cristina about Jack\'s death. Later that night, while they are sleeping, Paul and Cristina are awakened by a noise outside their door. It\'s Jack, who, still consumed by guilt and inner torment, orders Paul to kill him and end his misery. There is a struggle, and Cristina blind-sides Jack and begins to beat him with a wooden lamp. Paul has a heart attack and shoots himself to avoid dying from asphyxia. Jack and Cristina rush Paul to the hospital. Jack tells the police that he was the one who shot Paul, but is released when his story is unable to be confirmed. The conflict between Cristina and Jack remains unresolved  Cristina learns in the hospital that she is pregnant. After Paul\'s death, Cristina is seen tentatively preparing for the new child in one of her daughters\' bedroom which she was previously unable to enter since her daughters\' death, and Jack is shown returning to his family.'] ['Set in 1960s Singapore, Sabariah Mansoor is a young woman who is fascinated with the music of Kassim Selamat, a small-time musician with great talent playing the saxophone. After one of his radio performances, Sabariah calls in to the studio to talk to him personally and express her admiration. They arrange to meet and it is love at first sight. Sabariah\'s wealthy widowed mother Nyonya Mansoor wants Sabriah to marry Dr. Ismadi, an eye doctor, and is shocked when Sabariah tells her that she wants to marry Kassim Selamat. Nyonya Mansoor tells Sabariah that if she chooses Kassim, she will forfeit all her family\'s wealth and can never set foot in their house again. Sabariah still chooses Kassim, so Nyonya Mansoor arranges a quick a marriage ceremony for the pair, after which she gives them 5000 ringgit and casts them out of the house. Kassim and Sabariah move to Penang to start a new life. They are happy for a while, but soon all their money is used up and they have to live as paupers. Kassim wants to make money performing music, but Sabariah is against the idea as she thinks that she can make amends with her mother if Kassim renounces music forever. Kassim is forced to work as a labourer. One day Kassim returns to their lowly home to see Sabariah crying in the arms of her mother. Nyonya Mansoor says that she would like to take Sabariah back to Singapore and care for her until she has given birth to the child she is pregnant with. Kassim lets Sabariah go, believing that she will return to him. Months pass, during which Sabariah is cared for in comfort and under the wing of Nonya Mansoor and Dr. Ismadi. She eventually gives birth to a baby boy who is named Tajudin. At this time, Kassim receives a telegram from Nyonya Mansoor saying that Sabariah died during childbirth. Kassim falls into depression, crying for days without end and refusing to work. Unknown to him, Sabariah is alive and waiting for him in Singapore. Nyonya Mansoor\'s fake telegram was part of her plan to separate the pair. Sabariah eventually divorces Kassim, believing that he abandoned her and their child. She also agrees to marry Dr. Ismadi. Sabariah and Dr. Ismadi agree to keep the identity of Tajudin\'s birth father a secret from everyone, including Tajudin himself. During this time, Kassim\'s endless crying has rendered him completely blind. He cannot pay the rent, and he is sent out into the street, blind and wandering aimlessly. Kassim is eventually found by Mummy, a kind middle-aged woman who takes him into her home. Kassim then meets Mummy\'s daughter, Chombi, who has just recently lost her husband. The pair find friendship as they mourn their respective loved ones. Kassim eventually reveals his talent with the saxophone, and after being encouraged by Mummy and Chombi, starts a new career in music using the stage name "Osman Jailani". Kassim, under the guise of Osman Jailani, becomes a hit and starts touring around all over Malaya, performing in Penang, Taiping, Ipoh, Kuala Lumpur, Seremban, Malacca, Muar, Batu Pahat, Johor Bahru before arriving in Singapore, where Sabariah and her new husband Dr. Ismadi attend his performance. When Sabariah sees her former husband, now blind, performing on stage, she is overcome with sadness. She asks her new husband to fix Kassim\'s eyes without charge. The operation is a success, and Kassim, Mummy and Chombi are all invited to stay at Dr. Ismadi\'s home with Sabariah and son while Kassim recovers. When Kassim\'s eye bandages are removed and he sees Sabariah at Dr. Ismadi\'s side, he has a moment of panic. Dr. Ismadi says that she cannot possibly be his dead wife but just a look-a-like, which Kassim reluctantly accepts. Kassim goes to Nyonya Mansoor\'s house, asking her for permission to see his son. Nyonya Mansoor tells him that she gave the boy away, so Kassim begs her to let him at least see Sabariah\'s grave. Nyonya Mansoor takes him to a grave, but when he realises that it\'s not Sabariah\'s grave, he realises the truth and curses Nyonya Mansoor for her evildoing. Kassim returns to Dr. Ismadi\'s house where he confronts them with the truth just before entering his room and locking the door. Dr. Ismadi, Nyonya Mansoor and Sabariah beat at his locked door, begging for forgiveness. Kassim ignores them, and takes a pair of forks which he uses to pierce his eyes. Kassim then finally opens the door, once again blind and with streaks of blood flowing from his eyes. Nyonya Mansoor collapses when she sees him. Kassim wanders out of the house until he bumps into Chombi, who is shocked to see his condition. He asks her to take him back to Penang with her, and they go, leaving Sabariah crying as she watches Kassim leave and Dr. Ismadi looking at his tearful wife pensively.'] ['A bomb is detonated in the plaza of the Colombian Consulate building in Los Angeles, killing 9 people including a caravan of Colombian officials and American intelligence agents. Among the civilians killed are the wife and son of LAFD firefighter, Gordy Brewer , who was injured in the explosion as he arrived to pick up his family. Soon afterward, a tape is sent to the U.S. State Department, in which a masked man calling himself "El Lobo"  claims responsibility for the bombing, explaining it was in retaliation for America\'s oppression of Colombia. The FBI believes El Lobo is a Colombian terrorist named Claudio Perrini . CIA Special Agent Peter Brandt , the Colombia Station Chief, is harshly reprimanded for the incident by a Senate Oversight Committee, who promptly terminate all CIA operations in Colombia. Brandt angrily returns to Mompós and meets with his paramilitary allies to plan a major offensive to take down Claudio and his guerilla forces. Frustrated at the political red tape regarding the investigation, Brewer also travels to Mompós to personally hunt down Claudio, but is quickly arrested for illegally entering the country. The guerillas stage a prison break to free their fellow members as well as try and abduct Brewer to demand a large ransom for him. Brandt\'s unit is alerted to Brewer\'s presence in Colombia, but arrive too late to prevent the prison break. Brewer escapes the prison, avoids being captured, and secures a guerilla zone pass from Canadian mechanic Sean Armstrong  who reveals information into setting him up with drug runner, Felix Ramirez , the manager of the cocaine distribution facility that finances the guerrillas. Pretending to be a mechanic hired to fix a generator, Brewer rigs several improvised explosives and destroys the facility. Felix is blamed for the destruction of the drug plant and is executed in front of a hiding Gordy\'s eyes. Brewer then infiltrates Claudio\'s headquarters and plants a bomb to kill him, but is captured when he tries to prevent a woman, later revealed to be Claudio\'s wife Selena , from being caught in the blast radius. At Claudio\'s home compound, Selena, who also lost a child in a bombing, empathizes with Brewer\'s motives and admits that Claudio is planning another bombing in Washington, D.C.. Meanwhile, Brandt\'s unit locates Claudio\'s compound and launches an attack. During the ensuing shootout, Selena helps free Brewer and, along with Brandt, travels back to the State Department in Washington, D.C. to help the search effort for Claudio. Selena identifies Union Station as the target, and the FBI go to investigate. On the pretense of using the lavatory, she excuses herself from the command room and becomes irritated when her adopted son Mauro refuses to come with her. Brewer recognizes Selena make the same gesture as the masked man claiming to be El Lobo made in the tape, and realizes that she was "The Wolf" all along. Furthermore, Brewer surmises the real target is the State Department. Brewer quickly throws Mauro\'s toy dinosaur, with the bomb inside of it, out the window moments before it explodes. Brandt is shot and killed in an elevator trying to stop Selena from fleeing the building. Brewer chases Selena to the basement of the building where she and Claudio ride off through the underground tunnels on a motorcycle. Brewer finds the tunnel control console and shuts the gates, preventing their escape. Brewer chops open some gas lines along the walls of the tunnel and, as they ride back, Selena shoots at Brewer, igniting the gas. Brewer jumps through a doorway just as the entire tunnel explodes. Selena and Claudio survive the blast, however, and attack him simultaneously. After a short, hand to hand fight, Selena is electrocuted by being tossed on the exposed circuitry of the control panel, and Claudio is killed when Brewer throws an axe in his chest. Brewer then carries Mauro in his arms as they leave the State Department. A newscast voiceover explains he\'ll receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom for preventing one of the worst terrorist attacks in U.S. history from taking place.'] ['Milk is the story of Harvey Milk , and his struggles as an American gay activist who fought for gay rights and became California\'s first openly gay elected official. The film opens with archival footage of police raiding gay bars and arresting patrons during the 1950s and 1960s, followed by Dianne Feinstein\'s November 27, 1978, announcement to the press that Milk and Moscone had been assassinated. Milk is seen recording his will throughout the film, nine days  before the assassinations. The film then flashes back to New York City in 1970, the eve of Milk\'s 40th birthday and his first meeting with his much younger lover, Scott Smith . Unsatisfied with his life and in need of a change, Milk and Smith decide to move to San Francisco in the hope of finding larger acceptance of their relationship. They open Castro Camera in the heart of Eureka Valley, a working-class neighborhood in the process of evolving into a predominantly gay neighborhood known as The Castro. Frustrated by the opposition they encounter in the once Irish-Catholic neighborhood, Milk utilizes his background as a businessman to become a gay activist, eventually becoming a mentor for Cleve Jones . Early on, Smith serves as Milk\'s campaign manager, but his frustration grows with Milk\'s devotion to politics, and he leaves him. Milk later meets Jack Lira , a sweet-natured but unbalanced young man. As with Smith, Lira cannot tolerate Milk\'s devotion to political activism, and eventually hangs himself. Milk clashes with the local gay "establishment" which he feels to be too cautious and risk-averse. After two unsuccessful political campaigns in 1973 and 1975 to become a city supervisor and a third in 1976 for the California State Assembly, Milk finally wins a seat on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in 1977 for District 5. His victory makes him the first openly gay man to be voted into major public office in California and in the top three in the entire US. Milk subsequently meets fellow Supervisor Dan White , a Vietnam veteran and former police officer and firefighter. White, who is politically and socially conservative, has a difficult relationship with Milk, and develops a growing resentment for Milk when he opposes projects that White proposes. Milk and White forge a complex working relationship. Milk is invited to, and attends, the christening of White\'s first child, and White asks for Milk\'s assistance in preventing a psychiatric hospital from opening in White\'s district, possibly in exchange for White\'s support of Milk\'s citywide gay rights ordinance. When Milk fails to support White because of the negative effect it will have on troubled youth, White feels betrayed, and ultimately becomes the sole vote against the gay rights ordinance. Milk also launches an effort to defeat Proposition 6, an initiative on the California state ballot in November 1978. Sponsored by John Briggs , a conservative state legislator from Orange County, Proposition 6 seeks to ban gays and lesbians  from working in California\'s public schools. It is also part of a nationwide conservative movement that starts with the successful campaign headed by Anita Bryant and her organization Save Our Children in Dade County, Florida to repeal a local gay rights ordinance. On November 7, 1978, after working tirelessly against Proposition 6, Milk and his supporters rejoice in the wake of its defeat. The increasingly unstable White favors a supervisor pay raise, but does not get much support, and shortly after supporting the proposition, resigns from the Board. He later changes his mind and asks to be reinstated. Mayor Moscone  denies his request, after being lobbied by Milk. On the morning of November 27, 1978, White enters City Hall through a basement window to conceal a gun from metal detectors. He requests another meeting with Moscone, who rebuffs his request for appointment to his former seat. Enraged, White shoots Moscone in his office and then goes to meet Milk, where he guns him down, with the fatal bullet delivered execution style. The film suggests that Milk believed that White might be a closeted gay man.Edelstein D. "\'Milk\' Is Much More Than A Martyr Movie." NPR. November 26, 2008. Accessed on: January 3, 2009. The last scene is a candlelight vigil held by thousands for Milk and Moscone throughout the streets of the city. Pictures of the actual people depicted in the film, and brief summaries of their lives follow.'] ["The film is a historical tragedy set during the opening stages of Israel's 1948 War of Independence. The film follows the fate of a group of refugees from the Holocaust who are illegally brought to Israel by the Palmach. When they arrive, they are chased by British soldiers. Once they escape, they are immediately drafted into the war, and take part in a grueling battle against Arab irregulars. The film centers on two long monologues, one by an Arab peasant who pledges to oppose the Jews forever; and one by an emotionally demolished refugee who laments the seemingly endless suffering of his people. Gitai intended the film to be a more realistic answer to the romanticized depiction of the war in Otto Preminger's Exodus. The final shot of Kedma is identical to the final shot of Preminger's film."] ["Buffoon of the court circle, Ivan Balakirev, is a constant participant of the Tzar's festivities and buffoonery. Under the will of the circumstances he was drawn into the intricate relations inside the court and inside the royal family..."] ['According to an Inc. Magazine article in January 2006, the film is a thriller that revolves around the murder of a young single mother who works at the "Lee Middelton" doll factory. The movie is about three people living along the Ohio River who are just able to make ends meet. The first character is Martha , a portly middle-aged woman seen getting ready for work and taking care of her elderly father. On the way to work at the doll factory, she picks up a co-worker, Kyle . He is probably Martha\'s only friend, as she has to spend most of her time working and taking care of her father. Kyle is a tall young man who is intensely shy and very quiet, although he opens up with Martha. In order to meet demand, the doll factory hires Rose , an attractive single mother. Martha appears to dislike Rose from the beginning, perhaps feeling threatened by Kyle\'s staring at the younger woman. Rose has a two-year old daughter and used to work in a nursing home. Rose irritates Martha by asking her for a ride to her second job. Martha found Rose "pushy" from the beginning. Rose asks Martha if she would like to make a little extra money, as she has a date and needs a baby-sitter. Martha accepts but frames her response as if she is doing Rose the favor. It is not until Kyle arrives to pick Rose up that Martha learns the identity of Rose\'s date. Martha later says to Rose that being so surprised made her feel like an idiot. During the date Kyle and Rose share that they each dropped out of high school, Kyle because of having social anxiety disorder and Rose because she wanted to rebel. Later in the evening, at Kyle\'s house, Rose sifts through his drawers and steals some cash while Kyle is grabbing a couple of beers to drink. When Kyle drops Rose off at home, he refuses to go inside with her because he felt a "weird vibe" from Martha earlier. As soon as Rose enters her house, her ex-boyfriend  barges in and accuses her of stealing money from his house. They get in a shouting match and he eventually leaves. Martha was sitting on the couch while they argued and after he leaves, she asks Rose if that was her daughter\'s father. Rose angrily tells her to mind her own business. The next morning the cops are at Rose\'s house. They say that the neighbors found her dead when they heard her baby crying. There is no sign of forced entry. Strangulation bruises on her neck suggest that she was murdered. A detective questions Rose\'s ex-boyfriend and Kyle, who each claim to know nothing about the murder. During this time, Martha is pawning some of her family jewelry in order to afford some fishing equipment as a gift for Kyle. When she arrives at Kyle\'s house to give him the gift, he tells her of Rose\'s murder. Surprised, she says she knows nothing. When the detective talks to her, she repeats that. and she relates the same thing. During follow-up questioning, the detective tells Martha that the fingerprints found around Rose\'s neck match hers. He tells her to confess, as there can be no doubt as to the murderer\'s identity. Martha maintains her innocence. As the story progresses, the detective visits Martha\'s father, who is being cared for by someone else . When the detective tells Martha\'s father of her arrest, he is shocked. Kyle visits Martha in prison. As they sit with a glass wall between them, conversing on telephones, Martha pleads with him to help her. She swears that she doesn\'t know what happened and that she did not murder Rose. Kyle appears wary of Martha. Later, in her jail cell, she sees herself in a vision standing over Rose\'s dead body, as she mutters, "Oh my God." *Deleted scenes include an alternate ending in which Martha has a CAT scan, which shows she has a severely malignant tumor in her brain. The doctor explains that the tumor could cause blackouts and highly abnormal behavior.'] ["After learning of the death of his brother, Larry Talbot  returns to his ancestral home in Llanwelly, Wales to reconcile with his estranged father, Sir John Talbot . While there, Larry becomes romantically interested in a local girl named Gwen Conliffe , who runs an antique shop. As a pretext to converse with her, he purchases a silver-headed walking stick decorated with a wolf. Gwen tells him that it represents a werewolf  Throughout the film, various villagers recite a poem, whenever the subject of werewolves comes up: :Even a man who is pure in heart : and says his prayers by night : may become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms : and the autumn moon is bright. That night, Larry attempts to rescue Gwen's friend Jenny from what he believes to be a sudden wolf attack. He kills the beast with his new walking stick, but is bitten on the chest in the process. A gypsy fortuneteller named Maleva  reveals to Larry that the animal which bit him was actually her son Bela  in the form of a wolf. Bela had been a werewolf for years and now Larry will be transformed into one as well. Talbot transforms into a wolf-like creature and stalks the village, first killing the local gravedigger. Talbot retains vague memories of being a werewolf and wanting to kill, and continually struggles to overcome his condition. He is finally bludgeoned to death by his father with his own silver walking stick after attacking Gwen. Sir John Talbot watches in horror as the werewolf transforms into his son's human form as the local police arrive on the scene."] ['The Soviet Union, summer 1936. Comdiv Sergei Petrovich Kotov, his wife Maroussia , and their young daughter Nadia are relaxing in a banya, when they are suddenly interrupted. A peasant from the local collective farm explains that the Soviet Army\'s tanks are about to crush the wheat harvest as part of general maneuvers. Although annoyed to be bothered during his vacation, Kotov rides on horseback to where the tank crews are confronting outraged peasants. At first, a tank officer is angry that Kotov curses him out. When the older man borrows a Soviet officer\'s cap, the tank crews realize they are addressing a senior Old Bolshevik and legendary hero of the Russian Civil War. Taking the radio receiver, Kotov speaks directly to Marshal Mikhail Tukhachevsky. As the tank crews listen in admiration, Kotov familiarly addresses the Marshal as "Misha" and persuades him to hold maneuvers elsewhere. Maroussia teases her husband for being "coarse." Nadia does not agree, and the happy family returns to their country dacha. There, they join Maroussia\'s relatives, a large and eccentric family of Chekhovian aristocrats. Into the pastoral setting comes Mitya , an ex-nobleman and veteran of the anti-communist White Army. He was Maroussia\'s fiance before disappearing in 1923. Joyfully embraced by the family, he is introduced to Nadia as "Uncle Mitya." Maroussia is left feeling deeply conflicted, as she had suffered deeply when he left without explanation. Despite his personable nature, Mitya appears to have returned with a secret agenda, as he works for the Soviet political police, or NKVD. He has arrived to arrest Kotov for a non-existent conspiracy. It is revenge, as Kotov had conscripted Mitya into the CHEKA, the predecessor of the NKVD. Mitya detests Kotov, whom he blames for causing him to lose Maroussia, his love for Russia, faith, and his profession as a pianist. Kotov remarks on Mitya\'s activities in Paris, where he fingered eight White Army generals to the NKVD. All were kidnapped, smuggled to the Soviet Union, and shot without trial. Kotov says Mitya is "a whore" whose loyalties were "bought." Believing Mitya\'s plans to arrest him are a personal vendetta, Kotov boasts of his personal popularity and close relationship with Stalin. Mitya vows to repeat these words at the Lubyanka prison — after Kotov has been forced to confess to false charges of espionage, treason, and plotting to murder Stalin. The men come to blows but when young Nadia returns, they again pretend to be friends. A black car carrying NKVD agents arrives for the arrest of Kotov. A group of Young Pioneer children arrives at the dacha to pay tribute to Kotov as a hero of the Revolution and the Civil War. In a deeply ironic moment, Kotov leads them all in an oath of loyalty to Joseph Stalin and the Communist Party of the Soviet Union as Mitya looks on. Moments later, Mitya summons Kotov to the car. Continuing the charade, Mitya and Kotov allow Nadya to ride part of the way with them. After kissing her father and Mitya goodbye, she walks down the road toward home. Maintaining his military coolness, Kotov coldly vows to telephone Stalin and destroy the careers of those who have arrested him. However, the NKVD agents find the road blocked by the truck of a peasant who has gotten lost. When Kotov tries to leave the car to give the peasant directions, the NKVD agents batter him and shackle his hands. Certain that the peasant was sent to rescue Kotov, the agents summarily execute the horrified peasant on the spot. As the car drives past the peasant\'s body, Kotov realizes in horror who has really ordered his arrest. With his Communist ideals shattered, Kotov sobs inconsolably. Meanwhile, Mitya looks on unmoved. The car drives on until a massive poster of Joseph Stalin shields it from view. Mitya is then seen bleeding to death in a bathtub, having slashed his wrists. He whistles the suicide tango, To ostatnia niedziela , until his song ceases. As Nadia skips home across a field, a postscript appears on the screen: Comdiv Sergei Petrovich Kotov "confessed" to all charges and was shot in August 1936. Maroussia was arrested and died in the Gulag in 1940. Although arrested with her mother, Nadia lived to see all three sentences overturned during the Khrushchev thaw. Having inherited her mother\'s musical gifts, Nadia Kotova works as a teacher in Kazakhstan. In the English release, the postscript ends with the words, "This film is dedicated to all who were burnt by the sun of the Revolution."'] ["The film charts three seasons in the lives of Sara Goldfarb , her son Harry , Harry’s girlfriend Marion Silver , and Harry’s friend Tyrone C. Love . The story begins in summer; Sara Goldfarb, an elderly widow living alone in Brighton Beach, Brooklyn, spends her time watching infomercials hosted by Tappy Tibbons . After a phone call announces that she will be invited to be a participant on a game show, she becomes obsessed with regaining the youthful appearance she possesses in a photograph from Harry's graduation, her proudest moment. In order to fit into her old red dress, the favorite of her deceased husband Seymour, she begins taking a regimen of prescription weight-loss amphetamine pills throughout the day and a sedative at night. Despite Harry’s warnings about amphetamine addiction, she passionately insists that the chance to be on television has given her a reason to live. When her invitation does not arrive over the fall, she increases her dosage but begins suffering from amphetamine psychosis, hallucinating that she is the principal subject of the game show and that her refrigerator is a menacing, living monster. Harry is a heroin addict; together with fellow addicts Tyrone and Marion, he enters the illegal drug trade around Coney Island. With the money they make over the summer, Harry and Marion hope to open a fashion store for Marion’s designs, while Tyrone dreams of making his mother proud by escaping the street. However, at the beginning of fall, Tyrone is caught in the middle of a drug gang assassination, and Harry must use most of their money to post bail. Increasing drug-related violence and arrests make it hard to obtain drugs, throwing Harry, Tyrone, and Marion into a state of deprivation. Growing more desperate, Harry convinces Marion to have sex with her psychiatrist in exchange for money, causing a rift in the relationship. Meanwhile, Harry’s arm is becoming infected from unsanitary injection techniques. As Sara’s sanity unravels, she takes the subway to visit the television studio in Manhattan. The secretary at the studio calls a hospital and Sara is involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward where she undergoes unsuccessful medicative treatment, followed by electroconvulsive therapy. Harry and Tyrone set out for Florida to obtain drugs, but Harry’s increasingly infected arm forces them to visit a hospital in South Carolina, where they are arrested for skipping bail. Tyrone must deal with hard labor, racist prison guards and drug withdrawal, as Harry is taken to a prison hospital to have his arm amputated. Harry has a recurring dream of Marion waiting for him at a pier at Coney Island, but awakens and realizes that he is alone in jail with just one arm. Back in New York, Marion meets with a pimp , who gives her drugs in exchange for sex and puts her in sex shows to provide for her drug habit. Lost in misery, each character curls into a fetal position. In Sara’s dream, she wins the game show’s grand prize and meets Harry there. In her fantasy, Harry is a successful businessman and engaged to Marion. Sara and Harry hug and say how much they love one another through the cheers of the crowd and the glowing stage lights."] ['The movie begins with Karen Powell  going into labor during a Halloween party and being rushed to the hospital by her husband, Brian , and their friends. Although the delivery is successful, the baby is premature, born after only ten weeks of pregnancy, and is diagnosed with an exaggerated form of Werner syndrome  as stated by Dr. Benfante  and Dr. Lin . According to them, as this very rare autosomal recessive disorder progresses, Jack Powell will age at a rate four times faster than normal children due to his internal clock that seems to be developing faster. Ten years later, Jack  is next seen as a 10-year-old boy in the body of a 40-year-old man, with a group of four boys telling possible stories of a "monstrosity" of a boy their age that cannot go to school. He scares them away by dipping a fake eye into slime and throwing it at them from his window. He is extremely childish as a consequence of his secluded life. He has only had contact with his parents and tutor, Lawrence Woodruff , who introduces the idea that he should go to public school. His parents initially balk at the idea of their son going there because he could be emotionally hurt. When he first attends school, he is exploited by the other kids to win at basketball against bullies, and eventually to get adult magazines and other such items. As time goes by, he is accepted by them, beginning with Louis, as they discover that they like him. He attempts to be normal there, for example, when he deals with his first crush and heartbreak, and the relationship with his teacher, Miss Marquez . When he goes through a fall while attempting to leave school, he is rushed over to the hospital, where his doctor explains that he suffered a shocking severe strain , and also because of his Werner Syndrome condition, his internal clock is starting to run out. Realizing the dangers it might entail for his health, his parents decide to withdraw him from school, which upsets him. He sneaks out of the house and goes to a bar where he gets drunk and befriends a man named Paulie  and tries to hit on Dolores , the mother of his classmate Louis. However, he then gets into a fight with another man  and is arrested. Dolores bails him out and, upon returning home, Jack locks himself in his room and doesn\'t go out for weeks. His mother speculates that perhaps he realized the fragility of his life and is now scared of facing the outside world again. He also doubts the need to study as he realizes that he wouldn\'t have the time to use any of the knowledge. Meanwhile, his friends continue coming to his house, hoping that he will come out and play, but he refuses. Finally, Louis has an idea: he brings the entire class to Jack\'s house as they take turns yelling "Can Jack come out and play?" and participate in various games and fun activities right in front of the house. The next day he decides to go back to school. Seven years later, an elderly looking Jack and his four best friends are at their high school graduation. He delivers the valedictory speech, in which he reminds his classmates that life is short, and urges them to "make your life spectacular". The film ends as the five drive away down the road and into their future lives.'] ['The Reader begins in 1995 Berlin, where Michael Berg , a lawyer, is preparing breakfast for a woman who spent the night with him. After she leaves, Michael watches an U-Bahn pass by, flashing back to a tram in 1958 Neustadt. A 15-year-old Michael  gets off because he feels sick and wanders the streets, pausing in the entryway of a nearby apartment building where he vomits. Hanna Schmitz , a tram conductor, comes in and helps him return home.  Michael, diagnosed with scarlet fever, rests at home for the next three months. After he recovers, he visits Hanna with flowers to thank her. The 36-year-old Hanna seduces him and they begin an affair. They spend much of their time together having sex in her apartment and Michael reading her literary works he is studying, such as Emilia Galotti, The Odyssey, The Lady with the Little Dog, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and the Tintin comic The Seven Crystal Balls. After a bicycling trip, Hanna learns she is being promoted to a clerical job at the tram company. She abruptly moves without telling Michael. The film switches to Michael at Heidelberg University law school in 1966. As part of a special seminar taught by Professor Rohl , a camp survivor, the students observe a trial  of several women accused of letting 300 Jewish women die in a burning church when they were SS guards on the death march following the 1944 evacuation of a concentration camp near Krakow. Hanna is one of the defendants. Stunned, Michael visits a former camp himself. The trial divides the students, with one angrily saying there is nothing to be learned from it other than that evil acts occurred and that the older generation of Germans should kill themselves for their failure to act then. The key evidence is the testimony of Ilana Mather , author of a memoir of how she and her mother, who also testifies, survived. Hanna, unlike her co-defendants, admits that Auschwitz was an extermination camp and that the ten women she chose during each month\'s Selektion were gassed. She denies authorship of a report on the church fire, despite pressure from the other defendants, but then admits it rather than complying with a demand to provide a handwriting sample. Michael then realizes Hanna\'s secret: she is illiterate and has concealed it her whole life. The other female guards who claim she wrote the report are lying to place responsibility on Hanna. Michael informs Rohl that he has information favorable to one of the defendants but is not sure what to do since the defendant herself chooses not to disclose the information. Rohl tells him that if he has learned nothing from the past there is no point in having the seminar. Hanna receives a life sentence for her admitted leadership role in the church deaths while the other defendants are sentenced to four years and three months each. Michael meanwhile marries, has a daughter and divorces. Retrieving his books from the time of the affair with Hanna, he begins reading them into a tape recorder. He sends the cassette tapes and a recorder to Hanna. Eventually, she begins to check the books out from the prison library and teaches herself to read and write by following along with Michael\'s tapes. She starts writing back to Michael in brief, childlike notes. Michael does not write back or visit, but keeps sending tapes, and in 1988 a prison official  telephones him to seek his help with Hanna\'s transition into society after her upcoming release. He finds a place for her to live and a job and finally visits Hanna a week before her release. In their meeting, Michael remains somewhat distant and confronts her about what she has learned from her past. Michael arrives at the prison on the date of Hanna\'s release with flowers. He discovers that Hanna hanged herself and left a tea tin with cash in it with a note asking Michael to give the cash and some money in a bank account to Ilana. Michael travels to New York. He meets Ilana  and confesses his relationship with Hanna. He tells her about the suicide note and Hanna\'s illiteracy. Ilana tells Michael there is nothing to be learned from the camps and refuses the money. Michael suggests that she donate the money to an organization that combats adult illiteracy, preferably a Jewish one. She wants him to take care of this instead, though she wryly notes "illiteracy isn\'t much of a Jewish problem." Ilana keeps the tea tin since it is similar to one stolen from her in Auschwitz. The film ends with Michael getting back together with his daughter Julia at Hanna\'s grave and beginning to tell her his story.'] ["The film starts with Tum,a talented novice monk,with his friends,Pich,are going to a village to sing a classic song. Meanwhile Teav, the daughter of rich woman in a village, hears some news about a handsome monk with the beautiful voice from her waitress. So she offers her mother,Pai,to invite him to sing for her. As Tum sings along in Teav's house, they, immediately, fall in love from the first sight. It is reciprocated and Teav offered Tum some betel nut and a blanket as evidence of the feelings she had for Tum and prays to Buddha that the young monk will be with her for eternity.http://www.siewphewyeung.org.kh/?page_id=25 Tum is very please to accept the offers, to see she feels the same way he does.After That Tum can't control himself to stop thinking about Teav.The feeling grow stronger and eventually he persuade Pich to quit the monkhood. Both of them then go to the chief monk and tell their intention.It is fine for Pich to leave but The chief of monks cam foresee that Tum would have the bad luck if he quit being a monk .To his love for Teav, he listens nothing to The chief of monks's advice so he decide to quit the monkhood by himself in the forest . As himself is now not the monk, he initially spends some time in Teav’s home despite her being ‘in the shade’ , and wastes no time in abusing the mother’s hospitality by sleeping with her daughter.Then Tum's good reputation of his voice,was heard by the King, he invite to the royal palace to sing for the King.For the price, The King gives Tum as a specialist Singer in the palace. there and then,Teav's mother knew everything of Tum and Tum, she is unaware of this event and has alternative plans, intending to marry her daughter off to the governor’s son,then she dropped the idea when her daughter was chosen to be with the king, but resurrected it as soon as she learned that her employment at the court wasn’t leading anywhere, when Tum and Teav are married with the support of the king because of their true love.So Pai feigns illness as a ruse to lure Teav to her village whereupon she tries to coerce her into taking part in the wedding ceremony.When Tum receives a news from his Friend, Pich about Teav's wedding.He tell it to the King and turns up with an edict from the king to stop the ceremony, but on arrival instead of presenting the order, he gets drunk, announces he is Teav’s husband and kisses her in public; his behaviour make everyone Especially The governor's son who going to become Teav's husband get angry,then they take Tum to kill under the banyan tree. Once Teav hears that Tum has died, she runs out from the wedding and finds Tum's body beneath a banyan tree. Teav prays that she will meet Tum in every life she lives and commits suicide. Only after that does the governor discover the king’s letter. This film finishes with the king exacting rather extreme punishment – slaughtering every family member  remotely connected to the deception and the murder of Tum, making hereditary slaves of the entire village and exacting crippling extra taxes from a wider area in perpetuity."] ["Set in Prague during the Nazi occupation, the film follows Dr. Braun, a Jewish doctor forbidden to practice medicine who instead works for Nazi officials cataloging confiscated Jewish property. All Braun wants to do is survive, but his pragmatic mentality is challenged when an injured resistance fighter stumbles into his apartment building. A quest for morphine leads Dr. Braun through his tortured city, where fear eats away at the social structure. Superficially, the city might appear to be normal, but hallucinations, awkward outbursts, and nervous, self-conscious behavior make it clear that society is falling apart. Although images of the Holocaust are never seen, its devastation is understood through an overarching sense of destitution and fear. As Dr. Braun travels through the seedy undergrounds of Prague and back up to his apartment building—where a long winding staircase connects the lives of all his eccentric neighbors—a wide variety of personalities are introduced to the screen, each of whom appears equally as tortured. With minimal dialogue and a creeping pace, the sense of impending doom never leaves the screen. Crying babies, heavy shadows and broken records set a consistent tone of nightmarish anxiety. Drawn frenetically from the dancehall, where beautiful young couples bob and empty Champagne glasses litter the tables, to the apartment building of a former piano teacher that's stacked high with sheet music and out onto the empty cobblestone streets, the audience is never allowed to feel at ease. Brynych blurs the line between Nazism and Soviet communism to comment simultaneously on both.Konrad The KGB, dressed in sharp suits, look more like the Gestapo than German soldiers, and the film makes no distinction between Jews and Gentiles. As a result, everyone in Dr. Braun's apartment building is under suspicion—everyone is fearful. The film is scored with discordant piano music and full of expressionist cinematography. At the beginning, the camera follows Dr. Braun through his work, where exaggerated shots lend themselves to symbolic interpretation. For example, in one scene, Dr. Braun stands silently in front of a wall full of ticking confiscated clocks. Clocks serves as a symbol for time; and the Jews who lost their clocks also had their time on Earth taken from them. Later, short choppy shots of the doctor's home work act as exposition. A small pile of books and an empty jar of milk hint at poverty and intellect. His neglected violin suggests passion and creativity that's been suppressed; and his small bedroom window, which shows a solitary smoking chimney, subtly alludes to the horrors of the Holocaust. Towards the end of the film, a voice from the radio, declares in a monotone voice, “The longer the war lasts the greater is our faith in the final victory.” Not a voice of hope, Brynych’s film sends out a message of despair."] ["In Verona, Italy, Romeo and Juliet, the teenage children of two feuding families , meet at a feast and fall in love. They are secretly married by Romeo's confessor and father figure, Friar Laurence, with the assistance of Juliet's nursemaid. Unfortunately, a street duel breaks out between Juliet's cousin Tybalt and Romeo's friend Mercutio when Tybalt insults Romeo. However, since Romeo has just been married to Juliet, he refuses to fight, leading Mercutio to be a loyal friend and fight for him. This leads to Mercutio's death. Romeo retaliates by fighting Tybalt and killing him, and is penalized by the Prince of Verona with banishment instead of a death penalty. Unaware of Juliet's secret marriage, her father has arranged for her to marry wealthy Count Paris. In order to escape this arranged marriage and remain faithful to Romeo, Juliet consumes a potion prepared by Friar Laurence, intended to make her appear dead for 42 hours. Friar Laurence plans to inform Romeo of the hoax so that he can meet Juliet after her burial and escape with her when she recovers from her swoon, but the news of Juliet's death reaches Romeo before the friar's letter. In despair, he goes to the tomb and there drinks a poison, killing himself. Awakening shortly after he expires, Juliet discovers a dead Romeo and proceeds to stab herself with his dagger. Later, the two families attend their joint funeral together and agree to end the feud."] ['It is a tragic love story of a young village boy Suri  narrated by his mother several years after his death.'] ['In AD 180, General Maximus Decimus Meridius  leads the Roman army to a decisive victory against Germanic tribes at Vindobona, ending a long war on the Roman frontier and earning the esteem of the elderly Emperor Marcus Aurelius . Though he has a son, Commodus , the dying emperor wishes to grant temporary leadership to Maximus, hoping eventually to return power to the Roman Senate. When his father tells him of the decision, Commodus, already bitter that Marcus favors Maximus over him, murders his father in a fit of rage and claims the throne. Maximus realizes the truth about Marcus\' death, but is betrayed by his friend, General Quintus , who reluctantly instructs the Praetorian guards to carry out Commodus\' order to execute Maximus and his wife  and son . Maximus manages to escape, but is unable to return in time to save his family. After burying them, Maximus is found unconscious by slave traders and taken to Zucchabar, a Roman city in North Africa. There, he is bought by Proximo , and forced to fight for his life as a gladiator in arena tournaments. During this time, he befriends gladiators Juba , and Hagen . Juba tells Maximus to have faith that he will be reunited with his family in the afterlife. Maximus proves a fierce gladiator; with nothing left to live for, he is fearless in the arena. He ultimately reaches the prestigious Roman Colosseum, where his group is contracted to fight in a tribute to the Battle of Zama. Concealing his identity with a helmet, he skillfully leads a band of gladiators to defeat an opposing chariot and archer force, earning the crowd\'s praise. Forced to reveal himself to a stunned Commodus in the arena afterward, the crowd votes to spare his life, and Commodus, being obsessed with the people\'s approval, appeases them by doing so. Maximus later wins against the undefeated gladiator Tigris, as well as tigers released into the arena, yet refuses to obey Commodus\' command to perform the coup de grâce. As a result, he is declared "Maximus the Merciful" by the crowd, increasing his popularity and further frustrating Commodus, who cannot kill Maximus without losing favor with the Roman people. Following the fight, Maximus is told by his former servant Cicero ([[Tommy Flanagan  that his army is still loyal to him. Maximus then conspires with Commodus\' sister Lucilla  and the senator Gracchus  to rejoin with his army and topple Commodus by force. Commodus, however, suspects his sister of betrayal and forces her to reveal the plot using veiled threats against her young son Lucius . During Maximus\'s attempted escape, Commodus\' guards attack Proximo\'s gladiator school, killing Hagen and Proximo. Juba and the survivors are imprisoned, but Maximus makes it to the city walls, where he is captured after a failed attempt to save Cicero. Desperate to get Maximus out of the way and prove his own greatness, Commodus arranges a duel with him in the arena. Unknown to the crowd, Commodus stabs a restrained Maximus with a stiletto to gain advantage over him before they enter the arena. During the fight, Maximus manages to disarm Commodus, while Quintus disobeys the emperor\'s demand for his sword and commands his soldiers to do the same. Commodus then produces the hidden stiletto, but Maximus plunges the blade into Commodus\' throat, killing him. With his dying words, Maximus carries out Marcus Aurelius\' wishes, calling for Gracchus to be reinstated, the slaves to be freed, and power to be restored to the Senate. As he dies, Maximus reunites with his family in the afterlife. Lucilla then reiterates his wishes and honors his memory. Some time later, Juba buries Maximus\' two small figurines of his wife and son in the ground where his friend Maximus died, promising to see him in the afterlife, "but not yet".'] [' In 1996, treasure hunter Brock Lovett and his team explore the wreck of RMS Titanic, searching for a valuable diamond necklace called the Heart of the Ocean. They recover Caledon "Cal" Hockley\'s safe, believing the necklace to be inside, but instead find a sketch of a nude woman wearing it, dated April 14, 1912, the night the Titanic sank. Hearing about the drawing, an elderly woman named Rose Dawson Calvert calls Lovett and claims that she is the woman depicted in the drawing. She and her granddaughter, Lizzy Calvert, visit him and his team on his salvage ship. When asked if she knows the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose recalls her time aboard the Titanic, revealing that she is Rose DeWitt Bukater, a passenger believed to have died in the sinking. She then begins her story as follows: In 1912, 17-year-old first class passenger Rose boards "Titanic" in Southampton with her fiancé Cal and her mother Ruth DeWitt Bukater. Ruth stresses the importance of Rose\'s engagement, as the marriage would solve the DeWitt Bukaters\' secret financial problems. Distraught by her engagement, Rose considers suicide by jumping off the ship\'s stern; a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson stops her. Discovered with Jack on the stern, Rose tells Cal that she was looking over the ship\'s edge in curiosity and that Jack saved her from falling. Pressed, Jack confirms her account. Cal is at first aloof to Jack, but when Rose indicates that recognition is due, he offers him a small amount of money. After Rose mocks Cal for this, asking if her life means so little, he invites Jack to a first-class dinner the following night. Jack and Rose develop a tentative friendship, even though Cal and Ruth are wary of the young third-class man. Following the dinner that night, Rose secretly joins Jack at a party in the ship\'s third-class quarter. Because Cal and Ruth forbid her to see Jack, Rose attempts to rebuff Jack\'s continuing advances. She soon realizes, though, that she prefers him over Cal, and meets him at the bow of the ship during what turns out to be the Titanic{{\'s}} final moments of daylight. They then go to Rose\'s stateroom, where she asks Jack to sketch her nude while wearing the Heart of the Ocean, Cal\'s engagement present to her. Afterward, the two evade Cal\'s bodyguard and make love inside a car in the ship\'s cargo hold. Going afterwards to the ship\'s forward well deck, they witness the ship\'s collision with an iceberg and overhear the ship\'s officers and designer outline its seriousness. Rose tells Jack that they should warn her mother and Cal. Cal discovers Jack\'s drawing and a mocking note from Rose in his safe along with the necklace. Furious, he has his bodyguard slip the necklace into Jack\'s coat pocket. Accused of stealing it, Jack is arrested, taken down to the Master-at-arms\'s office and handcuffed to a pipe. Cal puts the necklace in his coat. Rose runs away from Cal and her mother  and releases Jack. The ship then starts to launch flares in order to attract any nearby ships. Once Jack and Rose reach the deck, Cal and Jack persuade her to board another lifeboat, Cal claiming that he has arranged for himself and Jack to get off safely. After she boards, Cal tells Jack that the arrangement is only for himself. As Rose\'s boat lowers, she realizes that she cannot leave Jack, and jumps back on board the Titanic to reunite with him. Infuriated, Cal takes a pistol and chases them into the flooding first-class dining saloon. After exhausting his ammunition, Cal realizes to his chagrin that he gave his coat with the diamond to Rose. With the situation now dire, he returns to the boat deck and boards a lifeboat by pretending to look after a lost child. Jack and Rose return to the top deck. All lifeboats have departed and passengers are falling to their deaths as the stern rises out of the water. The ship breaks in half, and the stern side rises 90-degrees into the air. As it sinks, Jack and Rose ride the stern into the ocean. Jack helps Rose onto a wall panel only able to support one person\'s weight. Holding the panel\'s edge, he assures her she will die an old woman, warm in her bed. Meanwhile, Fifth Officer Harold Lowe has commandeered a lifeboat to search for survivors. Jack soon dies of hypothermia and Rose draws the attention of Lowe\'s boat, and is ultimately saved. Rose and the other survivors are taken by the RMS Carpathia to New York, where Rose gives her name as Rose Dawson. She hides from Cal on Carpathia{{\'s}} deck as he searches for her. She learns later that he committed suicide after losing his fortune in the Wall Street Crash of 1929. Her story complete, Rose goes alone to the stern of Lovett\'s ship. There she takes out the Heart of the Ocean, which has been in her possession all along, and drops it into the ocean. While seemingly asleep in her bed, the photos on her dresser are a visual chronicle that she lived a free life inspired by Jack. The young Rose is then seen reuniting with Jack at the Grand Staircase of the RMS Titanic, applauded and congratulated by those who perished on the ship.'] ["The film begins in 1869. Hedwig is a girl from an upper-middle class family. Since the death of her mother she is mainly interested in reading English books. During a visit to a cemetery she meets Johan, a young man whom she falls for immediately. She has sexual fantasies about him and is unable to hide this from her strictly religious family. Her governess tells her that she is sinning and she won't be able to get children anymore. Humiliated, she tries to commit suicide but fails. Three years later Hedwig is a lady and meets Johan, now a poor aspiring artist. He wants to marry her but she thinks that she will make him unhappy, and instead marries a notary called Gerard. Their marriage is without passion: he has sworn chastity. Her resulting unhappiness soon manifests itself as sickness, and on the advice of her doctor the couple decide to have sex. It turns out to be a traumatic experience. She admits to her friend Leonora that she finds life too boring and predictable. One day she gets a letter from Johan, who accuses her of being a prostitute. After a confrontation he shoots himself. Hedwig also tries to shoot herself but is stopped by Gerard. Soon after she meets Ritsaart, a romantic pianist with whom she begins an affair. When he wants her to go to bed with him she sends him away but at night she can't control her sexual fantasies. During a passionate night with Ritsaart, Hedwig enjoys sex for the first time and intends to leave Gerard. He, filled with jealousy, plans to kill Ritsaart when he comes visiting, but their confrontation is interrupted when they note water running down the walls of the house: they run upstairs to find Hedwig in the bathroom with a slashed wrist. Gerard sees how Ritsaart turns out to be Hedwig's saving angel and lets his wife go. She moves with Ritsaart to Cobham, Kent, and impresses English society, and gives birth to a daughter, but the child dies after a few days. Hedwig doesn't know how to separate reality and fantasy and impulsively goes to Calais, where she is fooled into going with a man whom she thinks is her husband but turns out to be a thief. On the train to Paris, he steals her bag, which she thinks contains her daughter. She ends up in an isolation cell of a psychiatric institution. After she is released she becomes addicted to morphine and prostitutes herself. Hedwig faints from hunger on the street and is taken to a hospital. She gets help from the French convent sister Paula, who helps her overcome her addiction. When she is healthy again she returns to the Netherlands. She decides to visit Joop and runs into Ritsaart, telling him that she will always love him but doesn't want to see him again. She spends her last years with a farmer's family."] ['The writing team of Nava and Thomas split the story into three parts: Arturo Xuncax: The first part takes place in a small rural Guatemalan village called San Pedro and introduces the Xuncax family, a group of indigenous Mayans. Arturo is a coffee picker and his wife a homemaker. Arturo explains to his son, Enrique, his world view and how the indio fares in Guatemalan life, noting that, "to the rich, the peasant is just a pair of strong arms".<ref name4474 Review: El Norte], efilmcritic.com, February 17, 2003 Arturo and his family then discuss the possibility of going to the United States where "all the people, even the poor, own their own cars". Because of his attempts to form a labor union among the workers, Arturo and the other organizers are attacked and murdered by government troops when a co-worker is bribed to betray them — Arturo\'s severed head is seen hanging from a tree. After their first failed attempt to cross the "frontera", where a man posing as a coyote deceives and attempts to rob them, they have a horrific experience when they finally cross the U.S.-Mexican border through a sewer pipe laden with rats; critic Roger Ebert noted: {{quote}}<ref name/20040801/REVIEWS08/408010301/1023 Great Movies: El Norte], August 1, 2004  El Norte: In the final part of the film Rosa and Enrique discover the difficulties of living in the U.S. without official documentation. The brother and sister team find work and a place to live and initially feel good about their decision. However, Rosa nearly is caught up in an immigration raid and must find a new job. Working as a domestic, she is puzzled when her Anglo employer shows her a washing machine. Enrique uses a day laborer pool to obtain a job as a busboy and, as his English classes begin to improve his command of the language, he is promoted to a position as a waiter. He is later approached by a businesswoman who has a better-paying job for him in Chicago as a foreman, which he initially declines; he too encounters problems when a jealous Chicano co-worker reports him to immigration, causing him to flee the restaurant and seek out the businesswoman. When Enrique finally decides to take the position, Rosa becomes gravely ill with typhus contracted from the rat bites she received during their border crossing. When this happens, Enrique must make the tough decision of missing the flight to Chicago to be by her side, and thus loses the position. As Enrique visits the hospital, Rosa laments that she will not live to enjoy the fruits of their harrowing journey to the U.S. After Rosa dies peacefully, Enrique is shown once again waiting with the other day-labor hopefuls in a parking lot, offering his services to a man looking for "strong arms"; reviewer Renee Scolaro Rathke observes: "It is a bitter realization that Arturo’s words about the poor being nothing but arms for the rich holds true even in El Norte."Brett Willis. El Norte, Christian Spotlight on the Movies.'] ['A boy eating at a table surrounded by his toys plays war; a bomb blast frightens him but he is rescued and taken to an Amphitheatre, where an invisible audience cheers. An army resembling the Terracotta Army enter; Romans under the command of Titus Andronicus , the general at the center of the play, return victorious from war. They bring back as spoils Tamora, Queen of the Goths , her sons , and Aaron the Moor . Titus sacrifices Tamora’s eldest son, Alarbus, so that the spirits of his 21 dead sons might be appeased. Tamora begs for the life of Alarbus, but Titus refuses. The Emperor of Rome has died and his sons Saturninus and Bassianus are squabbling over who will succeed him. The Tribune of the People, Marcus Andronicus, announces that the people\'s choice for new emperor is his brother, Titus, but he refuses the throne in favour of the late emperor\'s eldest son Saturninus, much to the latter\'s delight. The new emperor takes Lavinia, Titus\' daughter, as his bride much to Titus\'s, his family\'s and Bassianus\'s chagrin, since Bassianus was previously betrothed to the girl. Titus\'s surviving sons help them escape and run for the Pantheon, where they are to marry. In the fighting, Titus kills his son Mutius. Titus is angry with his sons because in his eyes they are disloyal to Rome. The new emperor, Saturninus, dishonours Titus and marries Tamora instead. Tamora persuades the Emperor to feign forgiveness to Bassianus, Titus and his family and postpone punishment to a later day, thereby revealing her intention to avenge herself on all the Andronici. During a hunting party the next day, Tamora\'s lover, Aaron the Moor, meets Tamora\'s sons Chiron and Demetrius. The two are arguing over which should take sexual advantage of the newly-wed Lavinia. They are easily persuaded by Aaron to ambush Bassianus and kill him in the presence of Tamora and Lavinia, in order to have their way with her. Lavinia begs Tamora to stop her sons, but Tamora refuses. Chiron and Demetrius throw Bassianus\'s body in a pit, as Aaron had directed them, then take Lavinia away and rape her. To keep her from revealing what she has seen and endured, they cut out her tongue as well as her hands, replacing them with tree branches. When Marcus discovers her, he begs her to reveal the identity of her assailants; Lavinia leans towards the camera and opens her bloodied mouth in a silent scream. Aaron then brings Titus\' sons Martius ([[Colin Wells  and Quintus  and frames them for the murder of Bassianus with a forged letter outlining their plan to kill him. Angry, the Emperor arrests them. Later on, Marcus takes Lavinia to her father, who is overcome with grief. He and his remaining son Lucius have begged for the lives of Martius and Quintus, but the two are found guilty and are marched off to execution. Aaron enters, and tells Titus, Lucius, and Marcus that the emperor will spare the prisoners if one of the three sacrifices a hand. Each demands the right to do so, but it is Titus who has Aaron cut off his  left hand and take it to the emperor. However, Aaron\'s story is revealed to have been false, as a messenger brings Titus the heads of his sons and his own severed hand. In Renaissance semiotics, the hand is a representation of political and personal agency. With his hand chopped off, Titus has truly lost power."Dismembering and Forgetting in Titus Andronicus", by Katherine A. Rowe, Shakespeare Quarterly, 45.3 , pp. 279-303 Desperate for revenge, Titus orders Lucius to flee Rome and raise an army among their former enemy, the Goths. Later, Titus\'s grandson , who has been helping Titus read to Lavinia, complains that she will not leave his books alone. In the book, she indicates to Titus and Marcus the story of Philomela, in which a similarly mute victim "wrote" the name of her wrongdoer. Marcus gives her a stick to hold with her mouth and stumps and she writes the names of her attackers on the ground. Titus vows revenge. Feigning madness, he ties written prayers for justice to arrows and commands his kinsmen to aim them at the sky so they may reach the gods, understanding the method in Titus\'s "madness", Marcus directs the arrows to land inside the palace of Saturninus, who is enraged by this added to the fact that Lucius is at the gates of Rome with an army of Goths. Tamora delivers a mixed-race child, fathered by Aaron. To hide his affair from the Emperor, Aaron kills the nurse and flees with the baby. Later, Lucius, marching on Rome with an army, captures Aaron and threatens to hang the infant. To save the baby, Aaron reveals the entire plot to Lucius, relishing in every murder, rape and dismemberment. Tamora, convinced of Titus\'s madness, approaches him along with her two sons, dressed as the spirits of Revenge, Murder, and Rape. She tells Titus that she  will grant him revenge if he will convince Lucius to stop attacking Rome. Titus agrees, sending Marcus to invite Lucius to a feast. "Revenge" offers to invite the Emperor and Tamora and is about to leave, but Titus insists that "Rape" and "Murder" stay with him. She agrees. When she is gone Titus\'s servants bind Chiron and Demetrius, and Titus cuts their throats, while Lavinia holds a basin in her stumps to catch their blood. He plans to cook them into a pie for their mother. The next day, during the feast at his house, Lavinia enters the dining room. Titus asks Saturninus whether a father should kill his daughter if she has been raped. When the Emperor agrees, Titus kills his daughter, to the horror of the dinner guests, and tells Saturninus what Tamora\'s sons had done. When Saturninus demands Chiron and Demetrius be brought before him, Titus reveals that they were in the pie Tamora has just been enjoying, and then kills Tamora. Saturninus then kills Titus after which Lucius kills Saturninus to avenge his father\'s death. The scene dissolves back to the Roman Arena where Lucius tells his family\'s story to the people and is proclaimed Emperor. He orders that Saturninus be given a proper burial, that Tamora\'s body be thrown to the wild beasts, and that Aaron be buried chest-deep and left to die of thirst and starvation. Aaron, however, is unrepentant to the end. Young Lucius picks up Aaron\'s child and carries him away into the sunrise.'] ["When small and shy Sam  admits to his older brother Rocky ([[Trevor Morgan  that the school bully, a dyslexic boy named George  has hurt him, Rocky devises a plan to exact revenge on George. Sam moved George's video camera while George was filming himself trying to play basketball. This caused George to become angry and attack Sam. Rocky recruits his friends, Clyde and Marty, to assist him with his plan. Clyde  is a shy teenager who is constantly harassed by Marty , because of Clyde's gay fathers. Marty is an angry and violent young man, traumatized by his father's suicide years earlier. Part of the prank entails taking George on a boating trip to celebrate Sam's birthday party. The ultimate joke, in their opinion, will be when they get him to strip in a game of truth or dare, then make him run home naked. Sam invites his girlfriend Millie  along. He does not tell her the plan that the group has agreed upon until they arrive near the river. Millie refuses to continue until Sam promises that he will call the plan off, which Sam agrees to do. Sam tells his brother to stop, and Rocky tells his friends what Sam has conveyed to him. Although Clyde has no problem with it, Marty is very reluctant to not go through with the plan. Throughout the trip, George attempts clumsily to fit in with the others by telling jokes, which the other members of the group do not find amusing. The group soon realizes that although George is annoying, he is very lonely and just wants to be accepted. On the boat, Marty goes against the others by starting up a game of truth or dare, though the rest decide to go along. After George shoots Marty with a water gun in good fun, George makes a funny quip about Marty's father, not remembering that it is a sore subject. This sets Marty off, who tells George the whole plan and starts to ridicule him. Angered and humiliated, George launches into a tirade against everyone else on the boat, excluding Rocky, ending by crudely mocking Marty's dead father. Marty snaps and Rocky, in an attempt to stop the fight, accidentally pushes George off the boat. Unable to swim, George struggles to remain afloat in the water. As the others regard the scene in horror, George accidentally hits his head with his video camera and does not come to the surface. Rocky dives into the water but is unable to find George. Minutes later, George appears face down in the shallow water close to the shore. Rocky exhorts the others to help him bring George to shore, where Millie gives him CPR. The effort is in vain as George is dead and it is apparent that he cannot be revived. The group is traumatized and in fear of being charged for murder, so they dig a hole and bury George. Clyde's plan is to explain that it was an accident but Marty threatens them, gaining the complicity of both Clyde and the rest of the group. As they had already tricked George into not telling his mother where he was going, she would not know of their involvement. Marty speaks to the only witnesses of George with the group, his brother and his brother's friend, and they agree to keep quiet. Marty goes to tell the news to his friends, who have all gathered at Sam and Rocky's house. They are willing to accept the consequences as opposed to having the guilt of George's death hanging over their heads. Marty refuses to turn himself in and feels betrayed by all of them. He storms out and convinces his brother to give him his gun and car. The brother again agrees to the favor, albeit reluctantly. Marty robs a gas station with the gun and drives off, becoming a fugitive. Meanwhile, the others go to George's house and confess to his mother. The film ends with the police watching a tape George made of himself talking on his video camera about his dream of becoming a filmmaker so he can document his life in hopes that somebody can understand his mentality."] ['In 1939, the Germans relocate Polish Jews to the Kraków Ghetto as World War II begins. Oskar Schindler , an ethnic German businessman from Moravia, arrives in the city hoping to make a fortune as a war profiteer. Schindler, a member of the Nazi Party, lavishes bribes upon Wehrmacht and SS officials. Sponsored by the military, Schindler acquires a factory for the production of army mess kits. Not knowing much about how to run such an enterprise, he gains a collaborator in Itzhak Stern , an official of Krakow\'s Judenrat  who has contacts with the Jewish business community and the black marketers inside the Ghetto. The Jewish businessmen lend Schindler money in return for a share of products produced. Opening the factory, Schindler pleases the Nazis and enjoys newfound wealth and status as "Herr Direktor", while Stern handles administration. Schindler hires Jewish Poles instead of Catholic Poles because they cost less. Workers in Schindler\'s factory are allowed outside the ghetto, and Stern ensures that as many people as possible are deemed "essential" to the German war effort, saving them from being transported to concentration camps or killed. SS-Lieutenant  Amon Goeth  arrives in Kraków to oversee construction of the Płaszów concentration camp. Once the camp is completed, he orders the liquidation of the ghetto and Operation Reinhard in Kraków begins, with hundreds of troops emptying the cramped rooms and arbitrarily murdering anyone who is uncooperative, elderly or infirm. Schindler watches the massacre and is profoundly affected. He nevertheless is careful to befriend Goeth and, through Stern\'s attention to bribery, Schindler continues enjoying SS support. Schindler bribes Goeth into allowing him to build a sub-camp for his workers, so that he can keep his factory running smoothly and protect them. As time passes, Schindler tries to save as many lives as he can. As the war shifts, Goeth is ordered to ship the remaining Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp. Schindler prepares to leave Kraków with his fortune. He finds himself unable to do so, however, and prevails upon Goeth to allow him to keep his workers so he can move them to a factory in his old home of Zwittau-Brinnlitz, away from the Final Solution. Goeth charges a massive bribe for each worker. Schindler and Stern assemble a list of workers to be kept off the trains to Auschwitz. "Schindler\'s List" comprises these "skilled" inmates, and for many of those in Płaszów, being included means the difference between life and death. Almost all of the people on Schindler\'s list arrive safely at the new site. The train carrying the women is accidentally redirected to Auschwitz. Schindler bribes the camp commander, Rudolf Höß, with a cache of diamonds in exchange for releasing the women to Brinnlitz. Once the women arrive, Schindler institutes firm controls on the SS guards assigned to the factory, forbidding them to enter the production areas. He encourages the Jews to observe the Sabbath. To keep his workers alive, he spends much of his fortune bribing Nazi officials and buying shells from other companies; he never produces working shells during the seven months his factory operates. He runs out of money just as the Wehrmacht surrenders, ending the war in Europe. As a Nazi Party member and a self-described "profiteer of slave labour", in 1945, Schindler must flee the advancing Red Army. Although the SS guards have been ordered to kill the Jews, Schindler persuades them to return to their families as men, not murderers. In the aftermath, he packs a car in the night and bids farewell to his workers. They give him a letter explaining he is not a criminal to them, together with a ring secretly made from a worker\'s gold dental bridge and engraved with a Talmudic quotation, "Whoever saves one life saves the world entire". Schindler is touched but deeply ashamed as he leaves, feeling he could have done more to save lives, such as selling his car and Golden Party Badge. The Schindler Jews are awakened by sunlight the next morning. A Soviet dragoon announces that they have been liberated by the Red Army. The Jews walk to a nearby town in search of food. After a few scenes depicting post-war events such as the execution of Amon Goeth and a summary of what happened to Schindler in his later years, the Jews are shown walking to the nearby town. The black-and-white frame changes to one in color of present-day Schindler Jews at Schindler\'s grave site in Jerusalem, where he wanted to be interred.{{cite web}} A procession of now-elderly Jews who worked in Schindler\'s factory set stones on his grave—a traditional Jewish custom denoting gratitude to the deceased. The actors portraying the major characters walk with them. Ben Kingsley is accompanied by the widow of Itzhak Stern, who died in 1969. A title card reveals that at the time of the film\'s release, there were fewer than 4,000 Jews left alive in Poland, but more than 6,000 descendants of the Schindler Jews throughout the world. In the final scene, Liam Neeson places a pair of roses on the grave and stands over it.'] ["Siavash Roozbehan is a young man and he has lost his father after his mysterious suicide.His uncle is managing his father's wealth. He is in love with his cousin Mahtab whose father is his uncle's councilor. Siavash gradually realizes that his uncle is going to marry his mother. After some days he also sees a lot of similarities between his own life and of Shakespeare's Hamlet. He goes to Garo, his best friend, and they try to change the end of the tragic story.http://www.sourehcinema.com/Title/FullOutline.aspx?FilmIdFalse"] ['The NDR series robot "Andrew"  is introduced in 2005 into the Martin family home to perform housekeeping and maintenance duties. The family\'s reactions range from acceptance and curiosity to outright rejection and deliberate vandalism by their surly older daughter Grace , which leads to the discovery that Andrew can both identify emotions and reciprocate in kind. When Andrew accidentally breaks a figurine belonging to "Little Miss" Amanda , he carves a replacement out of wood. The family is astonished by this creativity and “Sir” Richard Martin  takes Andrew to his manufacturer, to inquire if all the robots are like him. The CEO of the company  sees this development as a problem and wishes to scrap Andrew. Angered, Martin takes Andrew home and allows him to pursue his own development, encouraging Andrew to educate himself in the humanities. Years later, following an accident in which Andrew\'s thumb is accidentally cut off, Martin again takes him to NorthAm Robotics for repairs, ensuring first that Andrew\'s personality will remain unharmed. Andrew requests that while he is being repaired his face be upgraded to allow him to convey the emotions he feels but cannot fully express. The CEO informs them that upgrade modification will be very expensive -- in fact, larger than the sum he earns in an entire year -- the price is well within the Martins\' means, comprising a month of Andrew\'s income from the sale of his carpentry and other woodworks and crafts. After the wedding of Little Miss , Andrew realizes there are no more orders for him to run. He eventually asks for his freedom, much to Martin\'s dismay. He grants the request, but banishes Andrew so he can be "completely" free. As Andrew leaves, Martin comments that he has stopped referring to himself as "one". Andrew builds himself a home at the beach and lives alone. In 2048, Andrew sees Martin one last time on his deathbed. Martin apologizes for banishing him as he silently says his goodbye to Andrew who states it was an honor serving him. After help from Little Miss\' reluctant son Lloyd Charney , Andrew goes on a quest to locate more NDR series robots to discover if others have also developed sentience. After years of failure, he finds Galatea , an NDR robot that has been given feminine attributes and personality. These however are simply aspects of her programming and not something which she developed as with Andrew. Galatea is owned by Rupert Burns , son of the original NDR robot designer. Rupert works to create a more human look for robots, but is unable to attract funding. Andrew agrees to finance the research and the two join forces to give Andrew artificial human face and hair. He also maintains contact with Little Miss over the years. In 2068, Andrew comes back to greet Little Miss but instead meets Portia Charney , her granddaughter  who looks exactly like a younger Little Miss. The now aged Little Miss explains to Andrew that it\'s a genetic likeness that skipped a generation. In 2070, Andrew comes to the hospital to see Little Miss one last time, he notices the horse he carved for her when she was young. She silently passes away, and Andrew feels the pain of not being able to cry and realizes that every human being he cares for will eventually die. Over time, Andrew and Rupert begin to study medicine and designs mechanical equivalents of human organs, including a central nervous system, which eventually allows Andrew to acquire tactile sensations. Meanwhile, his friendship with Portia evolves into romance. At first, Portia is uncertain about "investing her emotions in a machine" and almost marries someone else, but Andrew confronts her about her emotions and they eventually engage in a romantic and sexual relationship. Upon realizing that his relationship with Portia would never be socially accepted, Andrew petitions the World Congress to recognize him as human, which would also allow him and Portia to be legally married, but is rejected; the Speaker of the Congress explains that society can tolerate an everlasting machine, but argues that an immortal human would create too much jealousy and anger for him to be with another human being and he is declared a machine from that day on. In 2120, a physically middle-aged Portia decides that she doesn\'t want to have her life forever prolonged by Andrew\'s medical inventions, Andrew realizes that when she dies, he wouldn\'t want to live on without her. He works with an elderly Rupert to introduce blood into his system and to cause his brain to decay, thereby allowing him to age; Rupert officially welcomes him to the human condition, as it then becomes unknown when exactly Andrew would die. Around 2150 to 2160, an old and frail Andrew attends the World Congress a second time to petition to be declared a human being while a physically elderly Portia watches for support. In 2205, Andrew and Portia are on their death bed as they watch as the Speaker of the World Congress announces on television the court\'s decision: that Andrew Martin is officially recognized as human, and that aside from "Methuselah and other Biblical figures," is the oldest human being in history at the age of two hundred years. The Speaker also validates his marriage with Portia. Andrew dies while listening to the broadcast, and Portia orders their nurse--a now human-looking Galatea --to unplug her life support machine. The film ends with Portia about to die hand-in-hand with Andrew, as she whispers to him "See you soon."'] ['University student Seo In-ha meets a young woman on the subway and instantly falls in love. After joining a local book club, he is pleasantly surprised to find that the woman, Mun Hie-jae, is also a member. Although he makes a poor first impression, In-ha and Hie-jae eventually become friends, though he is left disappointed when she later rejects him, as she is more interested in another student, Kang Seong-ho. Several years pass, with In-ha and Hie-jae going their separate ways. While Hie-jae and Seong-ho prepare to get married, In-ha, now a producer at a local radio station, still pines after his first love. When Hie-jae survives a car crash that kills her fiancé and parents, In-ha keeps a respectful distance. After a while he resumes his pursuit of her by reading out letters on his radio show, and finally winning her heart, the couple get married. However, their happiness is short-lived, as Hie-jae becomes pregnant only to discover that she has stomach cancer, and must choose between her own life and the life of her unborn child.'] ["A cynical and gothic look at Hollywood during the late 1930s, Day of the Locust tells the tales of residents of the dilapidated San Bernardino Arms: Faye Greener, a trashy aspiring actress with limited talent, and her father Harry, a washed-up vaudevillian reduced to working as a door-to-door salesman; sexually repressed accountant Homer Simpson, who desperately loves Faye, and East Coast WASP Tod Hackett, an aspiring artist employed by the production department of a major studio, who also fancies Faye. There are unusual and bizarrely disturbing images: a middle-aged man sits in an untended garden staring at a large lizard that stares back; a young woman is transported into the film she's watching and finds herself portraying a harem girl in old Baghdad; a dwarf tenderly caresses a rooster, bleeding and dazed from a cock-fight,and then tosses it back into the ring to its death; an androgynous child beckons to a man through a window and performs a grotesque imitation of Mae West. These brief vignettes do little to advance the basic plot, but they serve to shape the audience's understanding of the era depicted as one of Hollywood sleaziness and wholesale alienation. Spectacle fills the screen—a set of the Waterloo battlefield collapses on the extras during the making of the film within the film. In the film's climax, an enraged Homer brutally tramples a child near a Grauman's Chinese Theater as crowds gather for the premiere of a new film. Seeing this, the enraged crowd swarms over and kills Homer. Almost immediately, the entire crowd is driven to riot, turning on itself, smashing store windows, overturning cars, trampling each other to death and turning the already packed street into a war zone. Severely injured, a delirious Tod imagines some of the mob take on the appearance of the characters in his own grotesque painting The Burning of Los Angeles."] ['The film tells of Oliver Barrett IV, who comes from a family of wealthy and well-respected Harvard University graduates. At Radcliffe library, the Harvard student meets and falls in love with Jennifer Cavalleri, a working-class, quick-witted Radcliffe College student. Upon graduation from college, the two decide to marry against the wishes of Oliver\'s father, who thereupon severs ties with his son. Without his father\'s financial support, the couple struggles to pay Oliver\'s way through Harvard Law School with Jenny working as a private school teacher. They rent the top floor of a house near the Law School at 119 Oxford Street, in the Agassiz neighborhood of Cambridge adjacent to a local laundromat. Graduating third in his class at Harvard Law, Oliver takes a position at a respectable New York law firm. With Oliver\'s new income, the pair of 24-year-olds decide to have a child. After failing, they consult a medical specialist, who after repeated tests, informs Oliver that Jenny is ill and will soon die. While this is not stated explicitly, she appears to have leukemia. As instructed by his doctor, Oliver attempts to live a "normal life" without telling Jenny of her condition. Jenny nevertheless discovers her ailment after confronting her doctor about her recent illness. With their days together numbered, Jenny begins costly cancer therapy, and Oliver soon becomes unable to afford the multiplying hospital expenses. Desperate, he seeks financial relief from his father. When the senior Barrett asks if he needs the money because he got some girl "in trouble," Oliver says yes instead of telling his father the truth about Jenny\'s condition. From her hospital bed, Jenny speaks with her father about funeral arrangements, then asks for Oliver. She tells him to avoid blaming himself, and asks him to embrace her tightly before she dies. They lie together on the hospital bed. As a grief-stricken Oliver leaves the hospital, he is met by his father who now wants to apologize for the way he treated his son. Oliver replies that "Love means never having to say you\'re sorry" and cries.'] ['Joe Gideon is a theatre director and choreographer trying to balance work on his latest Broadway musical with editing a Hollywood film he has directed. He is a workaholic who chain-smokes cigarettes and "chain-sleeps" with his dancers. Without a daily dose of Vivaldi, Visine, Alka-Seltzer, Dexedrine and sex, he wouldn\'t have the energy to keep up the biggest "show" of all — his life. His girlfriend Katie Jagger, his ex-wife Audrey Paris, and daughter Michelle try to pull him back from the brink, but it is too late for his exhausted body and stress-ravaged heart. Decades of overwork and constant stress have gotten to Gideon. In his imagination, he flirts with an angel of death named Angelique. Gideon\'s condition gets progressively worse. He is rushed to a hospital with chest pains after a particularly stressful script rehearsal  and admitted with severe attacks of angina. Joe brushes off his symptoms, and attempts to leave to go back to rehearsal, but he collapses in the doctor\'s office and is ordered to stay in the hospital for three to four weeks to rest his heart and recover from his exhaustion. The show is postponed, but Gideon continues his antics from the hospital bed. Champagne flows, endless strings of women frolic around his hospital room and the cigarettes are always lit. Cardiogram readings don\'t show any improvement - Gideon is playing with death. As the paltry reviews for his feature film  come in, Gideon has a massive coronary and is taken straight to coronary artery bypass surgery. The backers for the Broadway show must decide now whether it\'s time to pack up or replace Gideon as the director. Their matter-of-fact money-oriented negotiations with the insurers are juxtaposed with graphic scenes of  open heart surgery. The producers realize that the best way to recoup their money and make a profit, is to bet on Gideon dying — which would bring in a profit of over USD$500,000. Meanwhile, elements from Gideon\'s past life are staged in dazzling dream sequences of musical numbers he directs from his hospital bed while on life support. Realizing his death is imminent, his mortality unconquerable, Gideon has another heart attack. In the glittery finale, he goes through the five stages of death — anger, denial, bargaining, depression and acceptance - featured in the stand-up routine he has been editing. As death closes in on Gideon, the fantasy episodes become more hallucinatory and extravagant and in a final epilogue that is set up as a truly monumental live variety show featuring everyone from his past, Gideon himself takes center stage.'] ['Margaret "Maggie" Fitzgerald, a waitress from a Missouri town in the Ozarks, shows up in the Hit Pit, a run-down Los Angeles gym which is owned and operated by Frankie Dunn, a brilliant but only marginally successful boxing trainer. Maggie asks Dunn to train her, but he angrily responds that he "doesn\'t train girls." Maggie attempts to win Frankie over by working out tirelessly each day in his gym, even when others discourage her. Eddie "Scrap-Iron" Dupris, Frankie\'s friend and employee, encourages and helps her all he can. "Scrap" also narrates the story. Frankie\'s prize prospect, "Big" Willie Little, signs with successful manager Mickey Mack after becoming impatient with Dunn\'s rejecting offers for a championship bout. With prodding from Scrap and impressed with her persistence, Frankie reluctantly agrees to train Maggie. He warns her that he will teach her only the basics and then find her a manager. His most important advice is that she should protect herself in the ring at all times. Before her first fight, Frankie leaves Maggie with another manager, much to her dismay, but rejoins her in the middle of the bout, and coaches her to victory. Maggie makes him promise not to abandon her again. Maggie turns out to be a natural. She fights her way up in the women\'s welterweight boxing division, winning many of her bouts with first-round knockouts. Estranged from his own daughter who returns his letters unopened, Frankie comes to establish an almost paternal bond with Maggie. Dupris becomes concerned when Frankie rejects several offers for big fights, though, and arranges a meeting for her with Mickey Mack, but she is loyal to Frankie, and is rewarded for her loyalty when he begrudgingly accepts a fight for her against a top-ranked opponent in the UK. He bestows a Gaelic nickname on her, which energizes the crowd, and the two travel Europe as she continues to win. Maggie\'s own white trash family cares little for her well-being. Maggie saves up enough of her winnings to buy her mother a house, but instead of being grateful, she berates Maggie for endangering her welfare payments and Medicaid benefits. She also belittles her daughter\'s success in the ring, saying that everyone back home is laughing at her. Frankie is finally willing to arrange a title fight. He secures Maggie a $1 million match in Las Vegas, Nevada against the WBA women\'s welterweight champion, Billie "The Blue Bear", a German ex-prostitute who has a reputation as a dirty fighter. Overcoming a shaky start, Maggie begins to dominate the fight, but after a round has ended, Billie knocks her out with a sucker punch from behind. Before Frankie can pull the corner stool out of the way, Maggie lands hard on it, breaking her neck and leaving her a quadriplegic. At first, Frankie refuses to accept the bleak prognosis, but dozens of other medical opinions unanimously confirm there is no hope of recovery. He half-heartedly places the responsibility on Scrap for convincing him to train Maggie, but in the end blames himself. In a medical rehabilitation facility, Maggie looks forward to a visit from her family, though Frankie repeatedly calls them with no success. Eventually, the family arrives—but only after first visiting Disneyland and Universal Studios Hollywood—and with an attorney in tow. Their lone concern is to arrange the transfer of Maggie\'s assets to them. She sees through their transparent scheme and orders them to leave, threatening to sell the house, which they have not claimed in their name to continue receiving welfare payments, out from under them if they ever show their faces again. Frankie never leaves her side. He reads to her, urges her to go back to school and invites her to come live with him. As the days pass, however, Maggie develops bedsores and undergoes an amputation for an infected leg. She asks a favor of Frankie: to help her die while she can still remember the cheers she heard, saying she got what she most wanted out of life. A horrified Frankie refuses, but seeks the advice of his priest, Father Horvak, whom he has tormented for 23 years. Horvak warns him that euthanasia is a grave sin, and that he will be lost forever if he goes through with it. Maggie bites her tongue repeatedly in an attempt to bleed to death, but the medical staff saves her life each time and takes measures to prevent further suicide attempts. Frankie sneaks in one night. Just before administering a fatal injection of adrenaline, he finally tells Maggie the meaning of a nickname he gave her, Mo Chuisle : Irish for "my darling, and my blood" . He then disappears for good. Scrap\'s narration is revealed to be a letter to Frankie\'s daughter, informing her of her father\'s true character.'] [' Viktoria Svobodina is a young but already well known popular singer in the Soviet Union, living in Moscow. Her popularity reaches the heights whilst the band she is performing with remains in the shadows. At an important live concert the band turns off the sound, but Viktoria keeps singing the song, changing the lyrics to "I will sing till the end". As they leave the concert she stops the car and rips posters of herself off the walls of the concert hall and leaves the band for a solo career. As her career grows, her producer arranges new concert performances for her. However, something starts going wrong with her voice. Her doctor forbids her to sing for at least three months or else she will lose her voice completely. She decides to take a break and informs her producer, as she has received an invitation to sing at an important state concert. As she had not been informed that the concert would be aired live on major Soviet television channels, she concedes to the request and performs in the Kremlin. She receives a telephone call from an old school friend who invites her to the recording of a new song in duet in Leningrad. She learns that he is playing in a rock band. She visits their rock concerts incognito and considers adopting their musical style. Her producer learns that she is in fact singing, even though he persuaded all her clients to postpone requests for her to perform. Viktoria finally decides to take a break and leaves for an anonymous vacation at a resort on the seashore. The name of the movie  comes from a dialogue which takes place at this point in the movie between Viktoria and an older stranger at this isolated vacation resort, during a stroll on a pier. Viktoria confesses her fears of losing her voice and the stranger comforts her, saying that the songs of a singer live as long as the soul of the singer remains alive. Viktoria asks: "Soul? But where is this soul?". Her producer finally locates her with the news that an important international song competition is going to take place in Germany, and she has been selected to represent her country. Viktoria leaves the resort immediately with the producer. To go to the competition she needs a new band, and the producer finds her one on the outskirts of Moscow. The role of the band is played by Mashina Vremeni . When Viktoria meets the band she recognizes the main player - her old school friend, although they give no sign of it in front of the producer. Rehearsals begin, and at his point in the film we see a music video featuring Rotaru, Boyarsky and Mashina Vremeni, all dressed in futuristic costumes made of tight shiny stretchy fabric, jumping on the trampoline. Alexander Stefanovich, "Mosfilm" director, : {{cquote}} Viktoria leaves with her new band for the international song festival Intermusik in Germany, and begins to fall in love with her old friend. She falls ill during a yacht trip on the North Sea. A doctor present on board detects the reason, and advises her to stop singing immediately. Viktoria asks him to be silent and appears on the stage during the competition, where she wins. The last scene of the movie is ambiguous, as it seems she loses her voice completely after the competition, yet the final chord is the victory at the competition.'] ['On October 2, 1988, Donnie Darko , a troubled teenager living in Middlesex, Virginia, is awakened and led outside by a figure in a monstrous rabbit costume, who introduces himself as "Frank" and tells him the world will end in 28 days, 6 hours, 42 minutes and 12 seconds. At dawn, Donnie awakens on a golf course and returns home to find a jet engine has crashed into his bedroom. His older sister, Elizabeth , informs him the FAA investigators don\'t know where it came from. Donnie tells his psychotherapist Dr. Thurman  about his continuing visits from Frank. Acting under Frank\'s influence, he floods his school by damaging a water main. He also begins dating new student Gretchen Ross , who has moved to town with her mother under a new identity to escape her violent stepfather. Conservative gym teacher Kitty Farmer  blames the flooding on the influence of the short story "The Destructors", assigned by English teacher Karen Pomeroy , and begins teaching attitude lessons taken from motivational speaker Jim Cunningham . Donnie rebels against these lessons, leading to friction between Kitty and Donnie\'s mother Rose . Donnie asks his science teacher Dr. Monnitoff  about time travel after Frank brings up the topic, and is given the book The Philosophy of Time Travel, written by Roberta Sparrow , a former science teacher at the school who is now a seemingly senile old woman. Dr. Thurman tells Donnie\'s parents that he is detached from reality, and that his visions of Frank are hallucinations, symptomatic of paranoid schizophrenia. Donnie disrupts a speech being given by Jim Cunningham by insulting him in front of the student body, then burns down Cunningham\'s house on instructions from Frank. When police find evidence of a child pornography operation in the house\'s remains, Cunningham is arrested. During a hypnotherapy session, Donnie confesses his crimes to Dr. Thurman and says that Frank will soon kill someone. Rose agrees to replace Kitty as chaperone for her daughter Samantha\'s  dance troupe in Los Angeles, so Kitty can testify in Cunningham\'s defense; with her husband Eddie  in New York on business, her older children are home alone. Donnie and Elizabeth take the opportunity to throw a Halloween party to celebrate her acceptance to Harvard University. Gretchen arrives, distraught that her mother has disappeared. Realizing that only hours remain before Frank\'s prophesied end of the world, Donnie takes Gretchen and two friends to seek Roberta Sparrow at her house. They are attacked by two school bullies  who are attempting to rob Sparrow\'s house, and the fight spills into the street. An oncoming car swerves to avoid Sparrow but runs over Gretchen, killing her. The driver is Elizabeth\'s boyfriend Frank , wearing the same rabbit costume as the Frank of Donnie\'s visions. Donnie shoots him with his father\'s gun. As a vortex forms in dark clouds above his house, Donnie drives into the hills and watches as an airplane descends above. The plane, carrying Rose and the dance troupe, is wrenched violently as one of its engines detaches and falls into the vortex. Events of the previous 28 days recapitulate in reverse order and action, until Donnie finds himself in bed on the morning of October 2. The jet engine crashes through his room, killing him. Others with whom Donnie had interacted in the 28 days awaken, some looking disturbed. Gretchen rides by Donnie\'s house and learns of his death from a neighbourhood boy , but says she did not know him.'] ['The film opens with several police officers dragging Sid Vicious  out of the Hotel Chelsea following the death of his girlfriend, Nancy Spungen . Vicious is soon driven to a police station and upon arrival is asked to describe what happened. A few years earlier, Vicious and Johnny Rotten  meet Spungen, a groupie who has come to London to bed The Sex Pistols. Vicious dismisses her at first, but starts dating her after she sells him heroin; it is implied that she introduces him to the drug. The two fall deeply in love, but their self-destructive, drug-fueled relationship frays Vicious\' relationship with the rest of the band, which eventually breaks up in the midst of a disastrous American tour. Vicious attempts to start a solo career with Spungen as his manager, only to be dismissed as a has-been. By now, both he and Spungen are heavily addicted to heroin, and Spungen has spiraled into a deep depression. It ends tragically one night when, during an argument in which Vicious announces his plans to stop using heroin and return to England, a suicidal Spungen begs him to kill her. They fight in a drug-induced haze, and he stabs her, although whether or not it was intentional is left to interpretation. They fall asleep and later Spungen awakes and stumbles into the bathroom, where she collapses and dies. Vicious is released on bail. After getting a pizza, some kids convince him to dance with them. In the meanwhile, a taxi with Nancy riding in the back seat picks Vicious up and drives away as Sid and Nancy embrace. The postscript then says that Vicious died of a heroin overdose: "Nancy and Sid R.I.P."'] ['Two old friends who fell out of touch are reunited by a chance meeting in post-9/11 New York City. When the Twin Towers went down on that fateful morning in 2001, Charlie Fineman  lost everything important in his life. Five years have passed since Charlie\'s wife and daughters died, and now the once-successful and sociable man has become a withdrawn shadow of his former self. When fate brings Charlie and his former college roommate Alan Johnson  together once again on a Manhattan street corner, Alan is shocked to see just how far his old friend has fallen. Charlie\'s hair is long and he wears headphones constantly to let music drown out the horrifying memories and images in his mind. Though on the surface it would appear that Alan, a successful dentist, has it all, the pressures of a family and career have been weighing heavily on him. At a pivotal moment when Charlie and Alan both need a trusted friend, the restorative power of a rekindled friendship provides a lifeline needed to move forward. Alan endeavors to bring Charlie out of his shell by convincing him to see a therapist . Charlie is barely communicative, however, ending their sessions after only a couple of minutes. His therapist says he needs to tell the story about his family to someone eventually. Charlie soon tells Alan his tragic story, but afterwards tries to commit suicide by cop and ends up in a sanitarium. Legal proceedings commence, where a judge  must determine whether to commit Charlie to psychiatric care against his will. The judge leaves the decision to Charlie\'s in-laws, asking them to think of what their daughter would want for Charlie. They decide that he should not be committed; instead, Charlie moves to a new apartment, leaving behind the painful memories associated with his former home. At the end of the film, Alan visits Charlie for the day and his wife calls and tells him "I love you and just want you to come home."'] ['In the late 1940s, Frank Wheeler  meets April  at a party. He is a longshoreman, hoping to be a cashier; she wants to be an actress. Frank later secures a sales position with the same company at which his father worked and he and April marry. In 1955, the Wheelers move to 115 Revolutionary Road in suburban Connecticut when April becomes pregnant. Frank and April settle into the normality of suburban life while raising their children, Michael and Jennifer. The couple become close friends with their realtor Helen Givings  and her husband Howard Givings , and neighbor Milly Campbell  and her husband Shep . To their friends the Wheelers are the perfect couple, but their relationship is troubled. April fails to make a career out of acting, while Frank hates the tedium of his work. April wants new scenery and a chance to support the family so that Frank can find his passion. April recalls how Frank talked about moving back to Paris. With a failed career, she believes that Paris is the solution to their problems. She suggests they relocate. Initially Frank laughs off the idea, but then begins considering it. The only person who understands the Wheelers\' decision is John ([[Michael Shannon , Helen\'s troubled son. Frank admits to John that they indeed are running away from the "hopeless emptiness" of their repetitive lifestyle. As the couple prepares to move, they are forced to reconsider. Frank, propelled by a carefree attitude brought on by the thought of Paris, turns in a sarcastic piece of work to his boss. To his surprise, his work is considered brilliant by company executives and he is offered a promotion. April becomes pregnant again. Frank discovers that April is contemplating having an abortion. He is furious and starts screaming at April, leading to a serious altercation. April is desperate to move to Paris, but Frank is disgusted by the thought of abortion, causing him to feel that moving to Paris is an unrealistic dream. The next day Frank takes the promotion and tries to accept his uneventful life. At the end of an evening at a jazz bar with Milly and Shep, a car blocks in one of the cars the couples came in. April suggests that Frank and Milly head home to release the babysitters at each house while she and Shep wait for the blocking car\'s driver to return. They re-enter the jazz bar, eventually dancing feverishly with each other, then making love in the car. Shep professes his long-held love for April, but she rejects his interest. The following morning, Frank cheerfully admits to having an affair with an assistant at his office, hoping to reconcile with April. April responds apathetically and tells him it does not matter and her love for him has gone. The Givings come over for dinner, and John lambasts Frank for crushing April\'s hope, as well as his acceptance of his circumstances, accusing Frank of getting April pregnant specifically to destroy the idea of moving to Paris, and saying that April allowed him to do it so that she would feel her husband was "a real man". Frank gets angry, nearly attacks John and the Givings hurry out. April and Frank have another fight, which causes April to flee the house. Frank spends the night in a drunken stupor, but is shocked to find April in the kitchen calmly making breakfast the next morning. The couple have a pleasant breakfast, with April asking Frank about work and Frank seeming enthusiastic as he describes how the large computer purchase he is making will help many businesses. April\'s mood seems to have improved, but after bidding good-bye to Frank she breaks down and prepares to perform her own vacuum aspiration abortion, which proves fatal. Shep goes to the hospital to support Frank, who hysterically tells him that "she did it to herself" but is grief-stricken when he hears of April\'s demise. A new couple buys the house and we hear Milly telling the story of the Wheelers to the new owners, telling them how Frank moved to the city and is still working with computers, devoting every spare moment of his life to his children. Shep quietly tells Milly that he doesn\'t want to talk about the Wheelers anymore. Helen tells Howard that she thinks the new couple that moved in are the first people she has ever found suitable for the home. Howard asks why she does not give credit to the Wheelers, and she says they were too whimsical, trying and neurotic. As she continues discussing what she did not like about the Wheelers, Howard turns off his hearing aid.'] ['The film follows the overall story of the play, but cuts nearly half the dialogue, leaves out two major characters, and includes an opening voice-over that represents Hamlet\'s fundamental problem as indecision. The film begins with a narrator  quoting some of Hamlet\'s lines from Act I Scene IV: :So oft it chances in particular men, :That through some vicious mole of nature in them, :By the o\'ergrowth of some complexion, :Oft breaking down the pales and forts of reason, :Or by some habit grown too much [this line is changed; Shakespeare\'s original line is or by some habit that too much o\'erleavens the form of plausive manners{{cite web}}] ; that these men - :Carrying, I say, the stamp of one defect, :Their virtues else - be they as pure as grace, :Shall in the general censure take corruption, :From that particular fault... Olivier then breaks from Shakespeare\'s words to inform us "This is the tragedy of a man who could not make up his mind." The action begins on the battlements of Elsinore where a sentry, Francisco,  is relieved of his watch  by another sentry, Bernardo , who, with yet another sentry, Marcellus , has twice previously seen the Ghost of King Hamlet. Marcellus then arrives with the skeptical Horatio , Prince Hamlet\'s friend. Suddenly, all three see the Ghost, and Horatio demands that the ghost speak. The ghost vanishes then, without a word. Inside the Great Hall of the castle, the court is celebrating the marriage of Gertrude  and King Claudius ; old King Hamlet has died apparently of an accidental snakebite, and his wife, Gertrude, has, within a month of the tragedy, married the late King\'s brother. Prince Hamlet  sits alone, refusing to join in the celebration, despite the protests of the new King. When the court has left the Great Hall, Hamlet fumes over the hasty marriage, muttering to himself the words "and yet, within a month!" Soon, Horatio and the sentries enter telling Hamlet of the ghostly apparition of his father. Hamlet proceeds to investigate, and upon arriving on the battlements, sees the ghost. Noting that the ghost beckons him forward, Hamlet follows it up onto a tower, wherein it reveals its identity as the Ghost of Hamlet\'s father. He tells Hamlet that he was murdered, who did it, and how it was done. The audience then sees the murder re-enacted in a flashback as the ghost describes the deed - Claudius is seen pouring poison into the late King Hamlet\'s ear, thereby killing him. Hamlet does not at first accept this as the truth, and then prepares to feign madness, so as to test Claudius\' conscience, without jumping to conclusions. This feigned insanity attracts the attention of Polonius  who is completely convinced that Hamlet has gone mad. Polonius pushes this point with the King, claiming that it is derived from Hamlet\'s love for Ophelia , Polonius\'s daughter. Claudius, however, is not fully convinced, and has Polonius set up a meeting between Hamlet and Ophelia. Hamlet\'s "madness" is constant even in this exchange, and Claudius is convinced. Hamlet then hires a group of wandering stage performers, requesting that they enact the play The Murder of Gonzago for the king. However, Hamlet makes a few alterations to the play, so as to make it mirror the circumstances of the late King\'s murder. Claudius, unable to endure the play, calls out for light, and retires to his room. Hamlet is now convinced of Claudius\' treachery. He finds Claudius alone, and has ample opportunity to kill the villain. However, at this time, Claudius is praying, and Hamlet does not seek to send him to heaven, so, he waits, and bides his time. He instead confronts Gertrude about the matter of his father\'s death and Claudius\' treachery. During this confrontation, he hears a voice from the arras, and, believing that it was Claudius eavesdropping, plunges his dagger into the curtains. On discovering that he has in fact, killed the eavesdropping Polonius instead, Hamlet is only mildly upset, and he continues to confront his mother. He then sees the ghostly apparition of his father, and proceeds to converse with it . Gertrude, who cannot see the ghost, is now also convinced that Hamlet is mad. Hamlet is deported to England by Claudius, who has given orders for him to be killed once he reaches there. Fortunately, Hamlet\'s ship is attacked by pirates, and he is returned to Denmark. In his absence, however, Ophelia, goes mad over Hamlet\'s rejection and the idea that her own sweetheart has killed her father, and drowns, supposedly committing suicide. Laertes , Ophelia\'s brother, is driven to avenge her death, as well as his father\'s. Claudius and Laertes learn of Hamlet\'s return, and prepare to have him killed. However, they plan to make it look like an accident. Claudius orders Laertes to challenge Hamlet to a duel, wherein Laertes will be given a poisoned blade that will kill with a bare touch. In case Laertes is unable to hit Hamlet, Claudius also prepares a poisoned drink. Hamlet meets Laertes\' challenge, and engages him in a duel. Hamlet wins the first two rounds, and Gertrude drinks from the cup, suspecting that it is poisoned. Whilst in-between bouts, Laertes rushes Hamlet, and strikes him on the arm, fatally poisoning him. Hamlet, not knowing this, continues to duel. Hamlet eventually disarms Laertes, and switches blades with him. Hamlet then strikes Laertes in the wrist, fatally wounding him. Gertrude then submits to the poison, and dies, warning Hamlet not to drink from the cup.  Laertes, dying, confesses the whole plot to Hamlet, who flies at Claudius in a fit of rage, killing him, before finally expiring himself. Horatio, horrified by all this, orders that Hamlet be given a decent funeral, and the young prince\'s body is taken away, while the Danish court kneels and the cannons of Elsinore fire off a peal of ordinance in respect.'] ["The film is set in a small Georgia town in 1948. It follows the adventures of Buster Lane , a handsome, popular high-school senior, who is engaged to be married to his high-school sweetheart Margie Hooks . He is the 'big man on campus' and the leader of his group of friends. Buster, though, is different from these other young men. Buster's friends, being sexually repressed, often visit a girl from an underprivileged background named Billie-Jo Truluck  who dourly gives them what they want. In the meanwhile, Buster becomes disenchanted with Margie's refusal to have sex with him, and begins seeing Billie in secret. In the beginning, he sees Billie just for sex, but eventually finds himself falling in love with her. Buster is so taken with Billie that he decides to break off his engagement with Margie to be with Billie. Billie finds another lease on life with Buster, and they are happy for the first time in their lives. Happiness for them, though, is short-lived. Buster's friends are extremely jealous that they cannot have Billie for their own use anymore, and decide to teach Buster a lesson. They corner Billie one day when she is out, and when she refuses to submit to them, they rape and kill her in the heat of the moment. Buster eventually finds her dead, and is hysterical. He then goes to the pool hall where his friends are, with the guilt evident on the faces of the main perpetrators of the crime. Enraged, Buster kills two of them, while injuring the other two. He is then put into jail for this, but is released. He rips up entire garden beds in the town, and takes these flowers to Billie's graveside in her memory."] ['It is 1999 and the troubled West African nation of Sierra Leone is ravaged by major political unrest. Rebel factions such as the Revolutionary United Front frequently terrorise the open countryside, intimidating Mende locals and enslaving many to harvest diamonds, which fund their increasingly successful war effort. One such unfortunate is fisherman Solomon Vandy , from Shenge, who has been assigned to a workforce overseen by a ruthless warlord, Captain Poison . On a particularly tense morning, Vandy discovers an enormous pink diamond in the riverbank and buries it in the soft earth. Poison learns of the stone, but before he can act on this knowledge the area is raided by government security forces. Both men are subsequently incarcerated in Freetown along with Danny Archer , a white Zimbabwean gunrunner jailed while attempting to smuggle diamonds into Liberia for corrupt South African mining executive Rudolph Van de Kaap . Having managed to learn of the pink diamond\'s existence, Archer arranges to have Vandy freed from detention. He then travels to Cape Town, meeting with his former military contacts, including Colonel Coetzee - an Afrikaner late of the apartheid-era South African Defence Force. Danny remarks that he hopes to abscond with Solomon\'s stone and leave the Dark Continent forever, but Coetzee indicates that his lost stake in Archer\'s botched Liberian operation entitles him to the diamond as compensation. The former returns to Sierra Leone, locates Vandy, and offers to help him find his family if he will recover his prize. Meanwhile, RUF insurgents initiate an escalation of hostilities. Freetown falls to their advance while Vandy\'s son Dia  is among those rounded up to serve as a child soldier under a liberated Captain Poison. Archer and Solomon narrowly escape to Guinea, where they plan to infiltrate the Kono with an American journalist, Maddy Bowen , in exchange for giving her inside information on the illicit diamond trade. Colonel Coetzee and his private army also turn up in the conflict zone, having been contracted by authorities to repulse the renewed rebel offensive. While Bowen is evacuated with her story, the two men set out for Captain Poison\'s former encampment on their own. Dia, now stationed with the RUF garrison there, is confronted - although he refuses to acknowledge his father. Archer radios the site\'s coordinates to Coetzee, who directs an air strike via an Mi-24 helicopter gunship. Vandy locates Captain Poison and decapitates him with a shovel while attacking mercenaries rout the warlord\'s surviving men. Coeztee forces a reluctant Solomon to produce the diamond, but is killed by Archer, who has deduced that he will have them both eliminated once their usefulness has expired. Dia holds them both at gunpoint, although Solomon convinces him of his own retained innocence and the two consummate their previous bond. While escaping from the vengeful South Africans, Danny collapses with a mortal injury and surrenders the stone to Solomon, instructing him to take it for his family. Vandy and his son rendezvous with a local pilot, Nabil , who flies them to safety while Archer makes a final phone call to Maddy Bowen, charging her to assist Solomon. He dies peacefully, fulfilling Coetzee\'s prediction that the smuggler would never leave his African home. Shortly afterwards, Vandy, who is now living in the United Kingdom, meets with representatives of Van de Kaap, who wishes to acquire his jewel. Bowen photographs the deal for publication in her article detailing the trade in conflict gems and exposes Van de Kaap\'s criminal actions. Meanwhile, Solomon\'s guest appearance at a conference on "blood diamonds" in Kimberley is met with a standing ovation as the film ends.'] ['Abandoned by her husband and trapped in a malaise that has left her depressed and indifferent to her surroundings, recovering drug addict Kathy Nicolo , living alone in a small house near San Francisco, ignores eviction notices erroneously sent to her for nonpayment of county taxes. Assuming the misunderstanding was cleared up months ago, she is surprised when Sheriff\'s Deputy Lester Burdon  arrives to forcibly evict her from her house. Telling Kathy that her home is to be auctioned off, Burdon feels sympathy for her, helps her move out and advises her to seek legal assistance to regain her house. Immigrant Massoud Amir Behrani , a former colonel in the Iranian military who fled his homeland with his family, now lives in San Francisco working multiple menial jobs. Living beyond his means, he maintains the façade of a respectable businessman so as not to shame his wife Nadereh , son Esmail  and married daughter Soraya. Seeing the auction of Kathy\'s house in the newspaper, he buys it for a quarter of its actual value intending to improve and sell the house and use the profits to secure his family\'s future. While driving by, Kathy is angered to see her house being renovated and confronts the construction workers, injuring her foot. Nadereh and Esmail treat her wound, but her jealousy at seeing how the Behranis have settled in only makes her more determined to get her house back. Taking Lester\'s advice, Kathy finds an attorney who assures her that because of the county\'s mistake, they will return Massoud\'s money and the house will be restored to her. Massoud, having already spent money on improving the house, is unwilling to accept anything less than the much higher appraised value of the property, which the county refuses to pay. Informed that her only option is to sue the county, Kathy instead tries to convince Massoud to sell back the house for what he paid by telling him she and her brother inherited it from their father. Massoud refuses and angrily manhandles Kathy back into her car. Desperate for help and a place to stay, Kathy seeks Lester out and enters his private life; the two begin an affair and eventually he abandons his wife and children and becomes her protector. Lester confronts Massoud under a pseudonym, threatening to have him deported if he refuses to resell the house back to the county. Massoud reports this to the police and identifies Lester from a photo, resulting in a reprimand by Internal Affairs, and furiously warns Kathy to back off. Now aware that Lester is in trouble, Kathy calls her brother Frank, but he is unwilling to help her. Despondent, Kathy attempts suicide outside her old house, but Massoud finds her and brings her inside the house. Kathy again tries to kill herself with pills, but Nadereh saves her by inducing her to vomit. As she and her husband carry Kathy to the bedroom, Lester breaks into the house, sees Kathy unconscious, and locks the Behranis in their own bathroom, refusing to let them out until Massoud agrees to relinquish the house. Massoud eventually offers to sell the house back to the county for the price he paid and will give Kathy the money in exchange for her putting the house in his name. Lester agrees to take Massoud and Esmail to the county office to finalize the transaction, while Kathy reluctantly goes along with the plan. Outside the office, Lester begins to manhandle Massoud and Esmail seizes Lester\'s gun and aims it at him. Massoud grabs hold of Lester and screams for help, drawing the attention of nearby police officers who misinterpret the situation and shoot Esmail instead of Lester. Massoud is arrested but is released after Lester confesses and is imprisoned. After his release, Massoud rushes to the hospital only to find his son did not survive. Massoud, distraught and grief-stricken after the loss of his son, goes home and kills Nadereh by lacing her tea with a lethal dose of medication. He then dons his old military uniform, tapes a plastic dust cover over his head, and asphyxiates himself beside Nadereh\'s body whilst clutching her hand. Kathy eventually finds the couple and frantically attempts to revive Massoud with CPR but she is too late. As the bodies of Massoud and Nadereh are taken away by paramedics, a policeman asks Kathy if the house is hers. After a long pause, she quietly replies "no".'] ['Ten years after a tragic train accident killed his girlfriend, Josh finds himself haunted by disturbing visions from somewhere between the world of the living and the dead—haunting memories that keep him from moving on. His buddy, back in town for their high school reunion, tries to wake Josh from his painful past, but a mysterious young waitress offers a seductive alternative.'] ['In 1963 Oregon, Randle Patrick "Mac" McMurphy , a recidivist anti-authoritarian criminal serving a short sentence on a prison farm for statutory rape of a 15-year-old girl, is transferred to a mental institution for evaluation. Although he does not show any overt signs of mental illness, he hopes to avoid hard labor and serve the rest of his sentence in a more relaxed hospital environment. McMurphy\'s ward is run by steely, unyielding Nurse Mildred Ratched , who employs subtle humiliation, unpleasant medical treatments and a mind-numbing daily routine to suppress the patients. McMurphy finds that they are more fearful of Ratched than they are focused on becoming functional in the outside world. McMurphy establishes himself immediately as the leader; his fellow patients include Billy Bibbit , a nervous, stuttering young man; Charlie Cheswick , a man disposed to childish fits of temper; Martini , who is delusional; Dale Harding , a high-strung, well-educated paranoid; Max Taber , who is belligerent and profane; Jim Sefelt ; and "Chief" Bromden , a silent American Indian believed to be deaf and mute. McMurphy\'s and Ratched\'s battle of wills escalates rapidly. When McMurphy\'s card games win away everyone\'s cigarettes, Ratched confiscates the cigarettes and rations them out. McMurphy calls for votes on ward policy changes to challenge her. He makes a show of betting the other patients he can escape by lifting an old hydrotherapy console—a massive marble plumbing fixture—off the floor and sending it through the window; when he fails to do so, he turns to them and says, "But I tried goddammit. At least I did that." McMurphy steals a hospital bus, herds his colleagues aboard, stops to pick up Candy , a party girl, and takes the group deep sea fishing on a commandeered boat. He tells them: "You\'re not nuts, you\'re fishermen!" and they begin to feel faint stirrings of self-determination. Soon after, however, McMurphy learns that Ratched and the doctors have the power to keep him committed indefinitely. Sensing a rising tide of insurrection among the group, Ratched tightens her grip on everyone. During one of her group humiliation sessions, Cheswick\'s agitation boils over and he, McMurphy and the Chief wind up brawling with the orderlies. They are sent up to the "shock shop" for electroconvulsive therapy. While McMurphy and the Chief wait their turn, McMurphy offers Chief a piece of gum, and Chief murmurs "Thank you." McMurphy is delighted to find that Bromden is neither deaf nor mute, and that he stays silent to deflect attention. After the electroshock therapy, McMurphy shuffles back onto the ward feigning illness, before humorously animating his face and loudly greeting his fellow patients, assuring everyone that the ECT only charged him up all the more and that the next woman to take him on will "light up like a pinball machine and pay off in silver dollars." But the struggle with Ratched is taking its toll, and with his release date no longer a certainty, McMurphy plans an escape. He phones Candy to bring her friend Rose  and some booze to the hospital late one night. They enter through a window after McMurphy bribes the night orderly, Mr. Turkle . McMurphy and Candy invite the patients into the day room for a Christmas party; the group breaks into the drug locker, puts on music, and enjoys a bacchanalian rampage. At the end of the night, McMurphy and Bromden prepare to climb out the window with the girls. McMurphy says goodbye to everyone, and invites an emotional Billy to escape with them; he declines, saying he is not yet ready to leave the hospital—though he would like to date Candy in the future. McMurphy insists Billy have sex with Candy right then and there. Billy and Candy agree and they retire to a private room. The effects of the alcohol and pilfered medication take their toll on everyone, including McMurphy and the Chief, whose eyes slowly close in fatigue. Nurse Ratched arrives the next morning and discovers the scene: the ward completely upended and patients passed out all over the floor. She orders the attendants to lock the window, clean up, and conduct a head count. When they find Billy and Candy, the other patients applaud and, buoyed, Billy speaks for the first time without a stutter. Nurse Ratched then announces that she will tell Billy\'s mother what he has done. Billy panics, his stutter returns, and he starts punching himself in the face; locked in the doctor\'s office, he kills himself. McMurphy, enraged at Nurse Ratched, chokes her nearly to death until orderly Washington knocks him out. Some time later, the patients in the ward play cards and gamble for cigarettes as before, only now with Harding dealing and delivering a pale imitation of McMurphy\'s patter. Nurse Ratched, still recovering from the neck injury sustained during McMurphy\'s attack, wears a neck brace and speaks in a thin, reedy voice. The patients pass a whispered rumor that McMurphy dramatically escaped the hospital rather than being taken "upstairs." Late that night, Chief Bromden sees McMurphy being escorted back to his bed, and initially believes that he has returned so they can escape together, which he is now ready to do since McMurphy has made him feel "as big as a mountain." However, when he looks closely at McMurphy\'s unresponsive face, he is horrified to see lobotomy scars on his forehead. Unwilling to allow McMurphy to live in such a state—or be seen this way by the other patients—the Chief smothers McMurphy to death with his pillow. He then carries out McMurphy\'s escape plan by lifting the hydrotherapy console off the floor and hurling the massive fixture through a grated window, climbing through and running off into the distance, with Taber waking up just in time to see the Chief escape and cheering as the others awake.'] ['The film is set in Great Britain and Ireland, in the Dark Ages, after the fall of the Roman Empire in the 5th century. Lord Marke of Cornwall  plans to unify the peoples of Britain – Celts, Angles, Saxons and Jutes – under himself as high king to resist Irish domination. Most lords agree to this, as Marke is highly regarded and respected as a fair and courageous leader. The Irish king Donnchadh  discovers this and sends troops to attack a Jutish castle where a treaty between the British tribes is being discussed. The raid claims the lives of the castle\'s lord and his wife, and Marke saves their son Tristan at the cost of losing a hand. Feeling compassion for the young boy whose father loyally supported him, Marke welcomes Tristan  into his home and regards him as a son. Tristan grows to be a fierce, courageous warrior whose loyalty to Marke is not that of a knight to his lord, but rather a son to his father. Tristan and other Cornish warriors launch an attack on an Irish slave caravan: in the battle, he finds himself fighting Morholt, Donnchadh\'s champion and leader of his army, to whom Princess Isolde  has been promised in marriage. Though he kills Morholt and Donnchadh\'s forces are overrun, Tristan is severely wounded in the fight and believed dead, though he is in fact only suffering the effects of Morholt\'s poisoned sword. Tristan\'s body is put out to sea on a funeral boat which eventually washes up along the shores of Ireland. He is discovered by Isolde and her maid Bragnae, who administer an antidote that revives him and then secretly nurse him back to health. Tristan and Isolde fall in love; however, Isolde does not disclose her real name. After some time Tristan is forced to flee to Cornwall. He returns home to a hero\'s welcome, where a confused but overjoyed Marke welcomes him back with open arms. Plotting to defeat Britain, Donnchadh proposes a peace treaty, promising his daughter Isolde in marriage to the winner of a tournament. Tristan participates on behalf of King Marke, unaware that "the prize" is the woman he fell in love with in Ireland. He wins the tournament, only to discover the truth about Isolde and to see her betrothed to Marke. Although Marke is kind to Isolde, and she grows fond of him, her heart still belongs to Tristan. Tristan, in turn, is torn between his love for Isolde and his loyalty to Marke, a man whom he has loved as a father and who saved his life as a child. The couple eventually renew their love and begin an affair behind Marke\'s back, although they often consider ending it for the sake of their duty to Marke. This affair is discovered by Lord Wictred , a longstanding dissenter to Marke\'s leadership. He conspires with Donnchadh to use their love to overthrow Marke, with Wictred getting Marke\'s throne in exchange. In Tristan\'s final attempt to end the relationship, he and Isolde are caught in an awkward situation by all of the British kings. Seeing this as weakness on Marke\'s part, the kings decide to part ways with Marke; the alliances are ruined and his wife and son-figure have betrayed him. Marke is at first hurt and furious over their betrayal, but relents after hearing Isolde explain her history with Tristan and offers them the chance to run away together. But Tristan  chooses instead to stay in England and fight for his king. At the same time, Marke\'s nephew and Tristan\'s old friend Melot , angry and resentful of his uncle\'s long favouring of Tristan and tricked by Wictred\'s seeming support of him, shows Wictred an old passage into the Roman foundations of Marke\'s castle that Tristan and Isolde used to carry out their affair. Wictred then fatally stabs Melot and sneaks his army into the castle. Marke and his forces swiftly become pinned down by Donnchadh\'s army outside the castle and Wictred\'s men within. Tristan sneaks back into the castle via the secret tunnel. On the way, he finds the dying Melot: the old friends forgive one another before he dies. Tristan emerges from the tunnel and attacks Wictred\'s men, allowing Marke\'s soldiers to secure the castle, but he is mortally wounded in combat by Wictred, though he kills Wictred shortly afterwards. Now outnumbered, Tristan, Marke and the soldiers loyal to him emerge from the castle and present Wictred\'s severed head to Donnchadh. Marke urges the British kings standing with the Irish to aid them in making Britain a single, free nation: inspired by his words, the British kings and their men attack Donnchadh and his army. As a fierce battle between the British and Irish erupts, Marke carries a dying Tristan to the river, where they are met by Isolde. Marke leaves to lead the British to victory, while Tristan eventually dies in Isolde\'s arms after uttering his last words of "You were right. I don\'t know if life is greater than death. But love was more than either." Isolde sees to his burial beneath the ashes of the Roman villa where they had met to be with each other, and plants two willows by the grave, which grow intertwined; she then disappears from history and is never seen again. Marke, it is said, defeated the Irish, united Britain, then ruled in peace until the end of his days.'] ['Generals Miki and Washizu are Samurai commanders under a local lord, Lord Tsuzuki, who reigns in the castle of the Spider\'s Web Forest. After defeating the lord\'s enemies in battle, they return to Tsuzuki\'s castle. On their way through the forest surrounding the castle, they meet a spirit, who foretells their future. The spirit tells them that today Washizu will be named master of the North Castle and Miki will now command Fort One. She then foretells that Washizu will eventually become Lord of Forest Castle, and finally she tells Miki that his son will also become lord of the castle. When the two return to Tsuzuki\'s estate, he rewards them with exactly what the spirit had predicted. As Washizu discusses this with Asaji, his wife, she manipulates him into making the second part of the prophecy come true by killing Tsuzuki when he visits. Washizu kills him with the help of his wife, who gives sake to the lord\'s guards, causing them to fall asleep. When Washizu returns in shock at his deed, Asaji grabs the bloody spear and puts it in the hands of one of the three unconscious guards. She then yells "murder" through the courtyard, and Washizu slays the guard before he has a chance to plead his innocence. Tsuzuki\'s vengeful son Kunimaru and a rival of Washizu named Noriyasu both suspect Washizu as the murderous traitor and try to warn Miki, who refuses to believe what they are saying about his friend. Washizu, though, is unsure of Miki\'s loyalty, but he wants to trust his friend and he still plans to let Miki\'s son be his heir, since he and Asaji have been unable to bear a child of their own. Washizu plans to tell Miki and his son about his decision at a grand banquet, but Asaji tells him that she is pregnant, which leaves him with a quandary concerning his heir. During the banquet Washizu drinks sake copiously because he is clearly agitated, and at the sudden appearance of Miki\'s ghost, begins losing control. In his delusional panic, he reveals his betrayal to all by exclaiming that he is willing to slay Miki for a second time, going so far as unsheathing his sword and striking over Miki\'s mat. Asaji, attempting to pick up the pieces of Washizu\'s blunder, tells the guests that he is drunk and that they must retire for the evening. Then one of his men arrive with the severed head of Miki. The guard also tells them that Miki\'s son escaped. Later, distraught upon hearing of his wife\'s miscarriage and in dire need of help with the impending battle with his foes, he returns to the forest to summon the spirit. She tells him that he will not be defeated unless the very trees of Spider\'s Web forest rise against the castle. Washizu believes this is impossible and is confident of his victory. Washizu knows he must kill all his enemies, so he tells his troops of the last prophecy, and they share his confidence. He then finds Asaji in a semi-catatonic state, trying to wash clean the imaginary foul stench of blood from her hands, obviously distraught at her grave misdeeds. Distracted by the sound of his troops moving outside the room, he investigates and is told by a panicked soldier that the trees of Spider\'s Web forest "have risen to attack us." The prophecy has come true and Washizu is doomed. As Washizu tries to get his troops to attack, they remain still. Finally they turn on their master and begin firing arrows at him as revenge for his traitorous actions. Washizu finally succumbs to his wounds just as his enemies approach the castle gates. It is revealed that the attacking force is using trees cut down during the previous night to disguise and protect themselves in their advance on the castle.'] ['In a dystopic Australia, after the Earth\'s oil supplies were nearly exhausted, law and order has begun to break down due to energy shortages. Berserk motorcycle gang member Crawford "Nightrider" Montizano has escaped police custody and is attempting to outrun the Main Force Patrol  in a stolen Pursuit Special . Though he manages to elude his initial pursuers, the MFP\'s top pursuit man, Max Rockatansky, then engages the less-skilled Nightrider in a high-speed chase, resulting in Nightrider dying in a fiery crash. Nightrider\'s motorcycle gang, led by Toecutter and Bubba Zanetti, is running roughshod over a town, vandalising property, stealing fuel and terrorising the populace. Max and officer Jim "Goose" Rains arrest Toecutter\'s young protégé, Johnny "the Boy" Boyle, when Johnny, too high to ride, stays behind after the gang rapes a young couple. When no witnesses appear for his trial, the courts throw the case out and Johnny is released. An angry Goose attacks Johnny and must be held back; both men shout threats of revenge. After Bubba Zanetti drags Johnny away, MFP Captain Fred "Fifi" McPhee tells his officers to do whatever it takes to apprehend the gangs, "so long as the paperwork\'s clean." A short time later, Johnny sabotages Goose\'s motorcycle; it locks up at high speed, throwing Goose from the bike. Goose is unharmed, though his bike is badly damaged; he borrows a ute to haul his bike back. However, Johnny and Toecutter\'s gang are waiting in ambush. Johnny throws a brake drum at Goose\'s windscreen, which shatters and causes Goose to crash the ute; Toecutter then instructs Johnny to throw a match into the gasoline leaking from Goose\'s wrecked ute, while Goose is trapped inside. Johnny refuses; Toecutter first cajoles, then verbally and physically abuses him. Johnny eventually throws the lit match into the wreckage, which erupts in flames, burning Goose alive. Goose is rescued, although he dies in the hospital due to his burns. After seeing his charred body, Max becomes disillusioned with the Police Force. Worried of what may happen if he continues working for the MFP – and that he is beginning to enjoy the insanity – Max announces to Fifi that he is resigning from the MFP. Fifi convinces him to take a holiday first before making his final decision about the resignation. Max also reports this to Jessie, his wife at the remote farm where they live, who is happy with his decision so they could take care of their young baby son. While Max is away to buy supplies, Jessie and her infant encounter Toecutter\'s gang, who attempt to rape her. She flees, but the gang later finds them again at their remote farm. The gang runs over Jessie and Max\'s son as they try to escape, leaving their crushed bodies in the middle of the road. Max arrives too late to save them, devastated by the events. Filled with rage, Max dons his police leathers and takes a supercharged black Pursuit Special  from the MFP storage to pursue the gang. After torturing a mechanic for information, Max methodically hunts down the gang members: he forces several of them off a bridge at high speed, shoots Bubba at point blank range with his shotgun, and forces Toecutter into the path of a semi-trailer truck. Max finally finds Johnny, who is looting a car crash victim he presumably murdered for a pair of boots. In a cold, suppressed rage, Max handcuffs Johnny\'s ankle to the wrecked vehicle whilst Johnny begs for his life. Not content to simply kill Johnny right away, Max ignores his begging and sets a crude time-delay fuse with a slow fuel leak and a lighter. Throwing Johnny a hacksaw, Max leaves him the choice of sawing through either the handcuffs  or his ankle . Max casually drives away; as he clears the bridge, Johnny\'s vehicle explodes. Max continues driving into the darkness, with his and Johnny\'s fate unknown.'] ["Judith Traherne  is a young, carefree, hedonistic Long Island socialite/heiress with a passion for horses, fast cars, and too much smoking and drinking. She initially ignores severe headaches and brief episodes of dizziness and double vision, but when she uncharacteristically takes a spill while riding, and then tumbles down a flight of stairs, her secretary/best friend Ann King  insists she see the family doctor, who refers her to a specialist. Dr. Frederick Steele  is in the midst of closing his New York City office in preparation of a move to Brattleboro, Vermont, where he plans to devote his time to brain cell research and scientific study on their growth. He reluctantly agrees to see Judith, who is cold and openly antagonistic toward him. She shows signs of short-term memory loss, but dismisses her symptoms. Steele convinces her the ailments she is experiencing are serious and potentially life-threatening, and puts his career plans on hold to tend to her. When diagnostic tests confirm his suspicions, Judith agrees to surgery to remove a malignant brain tumor. Steele discovers the tumor cannot be completely removed, and realizes she has less than a year to live. The end will be painless but swift—shortly after experiencing total blindness, Judith will pass away. In order to allow her a few more months of happiness, Steele opts to keep the diagnosis a secret and assures Judith and Ann the surgery was a success. Ann is suspicious and confronts Steele, who admits the truth. She agrees to remain silent.  Judith and Steele become involved romantically and eventually engaged. While helping his assistant pack the office prior to their departure for Vermont, Judith discovers her case history file containing letters from several doctors, all of them confirming Steele's prognosis. Assuming Steele was marrying her out of pity, Judith breaks off the engagement and reverts to her former lifestyle. One day, her stablehand Michael O'Leary , who for years has loved her from afar, confronts her about her unruly behavior and she confesses she is dying. Their conversation convinces her she should spend her final months happy, dignified, and with the man she loves. She apologizes to Steele, and the two marry and move to Vermont.  Three months later, Ann comes to visit. She and Judith are in the garden planting bulbs when Judith comments on how odd it is she still feels the heat of the sun under the rapidly darkening skies. She realizes she actually is losing her vision and approaching the end. Steele is scheduled to present his most recent medical findings  in New York, and Judith, making an excuse to remain home, helps him pack and sends him off. Then, after bidding Ann, her housekeeper Martha , and her dogs farewell, she climbs the stairs, lies down on her bed. We see her face and the image blurs to grey."] ['In the Victorian period, Jude Fawley  is a bright young lower-class man who dreams of a university education. Circumstances conspire against him, and he is forced into a job as a stonemason and an unhappy marriage to a country girl, Arabella . He remains true to his dream and, months later, after his wife\'s sudden departure, he heads for the city. He thinks education is available for any man who is willing to work hard. There he encounters his cousin, Sue Bridehead , who is beautiful and intelligent, and shares his disdain for convention. Whilst Jude is enraptured by Sue, she decides to marry Jude\'s former school teacher, Phillotson , after Jude tells her he is married to Arabella. Meanwhile, Jude is rejected for the university based primarily on his lower-class status. The marriage of Sue and Phillotson is not a success, as she refuses to give herself sexually or romantically to her husband. She leaves Phillotson to join Jude in what turns out to be a rough life, moving from place to place as Jude picks up occasional work as a stonemason. The two are in love and, over the course of years, Sue gives birth to several children. Agnostic and independent, she refuses to legalize their arrangement by marriage. Jude learns that Arabella bore a son, which she named Jude  soon after she left Jude. The boy comes to live with his father Jude, Sue and his half-siblings. Sue and Jude are forbidden a permanent rental lodging because their living arrangement without marriage is considered scandalous. Sue tells Juey that the family cannot stay long at their present lodging because there are too many of them. The next day Sue and Jude return to their lodging to find that Juey has killed his half-siblings and committed suicide, hanging himself. His suicide note says the reason: "Becos we were to menny." Each of the couple falls into a deep depression after the deaths of their children. Turning to the religion she previously rejected, Sue comes to believe that God has judged and punished the couple for not having married. She decides to return to Phillotson, although she finds him sexually repugnant, as he is her true husband in the eyes of God. A year after the death of their children, Jude and Sue happen to meet when separately visiting the tombstones of their children. They both look worse for wear. Jude demands that Sue tell him whether she still loves him, to which she replies, "You\'ve always known". After a passionate kiss, she walks away from Jude to return to Phillotson. As Sue walks away, Jude shouts to her, "We are man and wife, if ever two people were on this earth!"'] ['Law student Choi Hyun-woo and television director Suh Min-joo are a young couple in love, and engaged to be married. Tragedy strikes, however, and Min-joo is killed in the Sampoong Department Store collapse. Several years later, Hyun-woo is given a journal that was written by his former fiancée, which details the journey they would have taken on their honeymoon. Hyun-woo sets out to visit the various places described in the journal, but on his travels he meets another woman, Yoo Se-jin, and discovers that their meeting is more than just coincidence.'] ["The story follows Alice Walker's spiral into insanity as she prepares to confront the Black Rose Killer."] ['In suburban Chicago, teenagers Jade Butterfield  and David Axelrod ([[Martin Hewitt  fall in love and develop an all-consuming and passionate relationship. Jade\'s family is known in their community for a bohemian lifestyle; they allow the two to make love in Jade\'s bedroom. In contrast to the openness of her family, David\'s home life is dull; his parents are wealthy political activists who are not actively involved in his life. One night Jade\'s mother Ann  sneaks downstairs, and upon seeing Jade and David make love in her living room, starts living vicariously. Jade\'s father, Hugh ([[Don Murray , watches the couple with increasing unease. Soon Jade realizes her regular sexual encounters with David are depriving her of sleep and adversely affecting her grades at school. Eventually, she tries to steal a sleeping pill in order to get some sleep, but her father catches her in the act. Subsequently, he firmly tries to persuade David to stop seeing Jade until the end of school vacation in 30 days. Although David is heavily opposed to this idea, Ann gently coaxes him into agreeing, telling him not to let Hugh "do something he\'ll regret." One of David\'s friends jokingly suggests kidnapping Jade to get her back or burning down the Butterfield house in revenge. Another friend then tells David that when he was 8 years old he tried burning a pile of newspapers and after he became scared, put the fire out, only to find his parents think he was a hero for saving the house from burning. Inspired by this story, David starts a fire on the Butterfields\' front porch and walks away briefly to be seen returning to the flame. By the time he returns, the flame has spread too far and he rushes to warn the family but he is too late, the entire house is lost. Following the trial for arson, David is sent to a mental hospital for the next two years and is forbidden from ever going near Jade or her family again. Nevertheless, he continues to write daily, but his letters are held and never mailed. He receives them upon his exit, learning for the first time why Jade never wrote back, thus renewing his spark to pursue her. When David is released on probation, he goes to look for Jade and remains in love with her. In the meantime, following the loss of their home, the Butterfield family has moved from Chicago to Manhattan, and Ann and Hugh divorce. In Manhattan, Ann tries to seduce David, but he refuses and tells her he can make love only with Jade. In a chance meeting, Hugh sees David on the streets of Manhattan and while chasing David, Hugh is hit by a car and killed. Hugh\'s new girlfriend Ingrid Orchester catches up to the scene and cannot put together what just happened, but later recognizes David as having been present at the accident. Later, Jade goes to see David to say goodbye but he pulls her back as she tries to leave, throwing her on the bed and begging for her to admit she still loves him. Jade does, and resumes her relationship with him. When Jade\'s older brother Keith  tells the couple to come downstairs, he tells Jade that David is at fault for their father\'s death. Jade refuses to believe this and turns to David for the truth. He tries to explain it was an accident, but before he has a chance, and Keith fights with David until the police arrive and arrest David. Sent to prison, David seems doomed never to see Jade again. Jade tells her mother that no one will ever love her the way David does. The final scene shows Jade walking toward the prison where David is being held.'] ["The film opens with Baltimore firefighter Jack Morrison  saving a man's life in a massive 4-Alarm grain elevator/warehouse fire in the Canton waterfront neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland. However, the grain being stored in the warehouse explodes, sending Jack falling through several floors, landing and breaking his leg. The film follows the efforts of the other men in his unit, Ladder Company 49, led by the efforts of Deputy Chief Mike Kennedy , his longtime mentor, to rescue him while Jack tries to reach a safe area of the burning structure. Interspersed with the current rescue efforts are a series of flashbacks showing how Jack joined the fire department, his meeting with the woman who would become his wife , his relationship with his children and the bonds he formed, and trials and tribulations he endured with his fellow firefighters. After graduating from the fire academy, Jack is sent to work on BCFD Engine Company 33, which is quartered in a firehouse with Truck Company 49, where he learns the ropes about firefighting. He quickly becomes close friends with his fellow firefighters, including Mike Kennedy, his captain at the time. His first fire takes place at a burning rowhouse, where Engine 33 and Ladder 49 respond to. While there, he and Mike are the first firefighters to tackle the blaze and quickly extinguish it. After some time working with Engine 33, Jack is at the scene of a fire where a fellow firefighter from Ladder 49, Dennis Gauquin ([[Billy Burke  dies after falling through a roof of a burning vacant rowhouse. He decides, although it is more dangerous, to take his friend's position as a search and rescue member on Ladder 49 by transferring. He finds the work rewarding, but his wife is initially concerned for his safety and opposes the change; however, she eventually accepts his new role and even talks him out of taking an administrative position when it is offered to him by Mike. As the years go by, Jack suffers some traumatic experiences, including rescuing a man from the ledge of a burning high-rise building in Downtown Baltimore, and witnessing another friend's severe injury following a steam explosion at an industrial fire. On Christmas Eve, Jack and the members of Engine 33 and Ladder 49 respond to a burning apartment building. Jack is able to break through to a small girl trapped in an engulfed apartment, but is trapped himself briefly before being rescued by fellow Firefighter Lenny Richter . Both firefighters receive the department's Medal of Valor for their actions. Back at the grain building fire, Jack's fellow firefighters become extremely determined to rescue him and Jack does his best to reach the possible safe area that Mike told him about. However, upon reaching that room he sees that the only exit is cut off by raging flames and Jack realizes that his situation is hopeless. He radios Mike to pull his men back, so no-one else will be hurt while trying to rescue him. Mike reluctantly agrees and Jack accepts his fate to die in the fire, devastating Mike. At Jack's funeral, Mike delivers an emotional eulogy which ends with a standing ovation, in celebration of Jack's life, from friends and family in attendance. Jack's body is then carried to his resting place with full honors on the back of Engine 33. The film ends with Mike and his fellow firefighters going on a call and a final shot of him and Jack coming out of Jack's first ever burning building."] ['On a sunny early autumn day in an affluent suburb in Connecticut, Ned Merrill , a seemingly successful, appealing and popular middle-aged advertising executive, clad only in swimming trunks, runs through the forest. He walks out of the woods and into the backyard of some old friends sitting by their swimming pool. He chats with them, then he has a sudden idea: he tells his friends he intends to "swim" home across the county by dropping in on friends\' swimming pools which form a consecutive chain leading back to his house. He dives into the pool, emerges at the other end and starts his journey. At first Ned gets warm welcomes as he meets old friends, mostly upper middle-class, well-to-do people with homes in the upscale outer suburbs. However, there are hints that Ned has been away for up to two years, and he brushes off any questions about himself. Each stop brings him face to face with some aspect of his life. The first one is with his youth when anything was possible, while the last one exposes the current collapse of his family life and where everything seems lost. As the day wears on and Ned sees those who have been closer to him more recently, the welcomes begin to sour. Ned\'s proud boasts about his wife, daughters and home are met with strong mixed feelings, jeers, suspicion and even anger - especially from women. In one backyard Ned meets a 20-year-old girl  who, years ago, had babysat his daughters. She leaves with him, at first thrilled to do so owing to an unspoken crush she had for him in her early teens. But when Ned rather clumsily tries to woo and kiss her, she flees. He carries on with his "swim," dropping by the pools of sundry other friends as it slowly unfolds that his life has somehow gone quite wrong. He crashes a party at one pool. While he is put up with at first, Ned is thrown out when he has an outburst after spotting a hot dog wagon he had once bought for his daughters, but which had recently been sold in a white elephant sale. He then shows up at the backyard pool of Shirley Abbott , a stage actress with whom he\'d had an affair several years earlier. She is still feeling bitter and hurt. When Ned tries to rekindle things, this poolside meeting ends badly for both of them. As the day ends, Ned winds up in a crowded public swimming pool where he is shamed by local shopkeepers to whom he still owes money for unpaid grocery and restaurant tabs. When some of them comment about his wife\'s overall snobbish attitude and his out-of-control daughters\' recent troubles with the law, he angrily flees. As the sun goes down, a shivering Ned at last staggers up a rocky hill, shoves open a rusted gate and walks through an overgrown garden with an unkempt tennis court. A thunderstorm begins as Ned knocks on the front door of a locked, dark and empty house. He then breaks down on the front stoop and cries.'] ['The film chronicles the life of Lena Baker, a young maid and mother of three. Convicted in 1945 of murder by an all-white, male jury, she was the only woman in Georgia to be executed by the electric chair. She had claimed self-defense in the fatal shooting of her employer, Ernest Knight, an abusive drunk who had forced her into a sexual relationship.'] ["Chandralekha, an orthodox Brahmin girl, falls in love with, Rahim, a Muslim boy. Whereas, Salima loves Rahim since her childhood. Mustafa, Rahim's brother, and Jamal, Salima's brother, agreed to engage Salima and Rahim without Rahim permission. Their families discover the love between Rahim and Chandralekha and don't accept it. Meanwhile, the lovers try to run away from everybody, but are caught by militants in the forest. They are rescued from the militants by the police and brought safely to the village. Jamal, upset that her sister has gone mad, kills Chandralekha and Rahim at the railway station. Then, the police kills Jamal. The message of the movie is that love should be beyond religion, caste, and creed."] ['Walt Kowalski , a gruff retired Polish American factory worker and war veteran, has recently been widowed after 50 years of marriage. His Highland Park neighborhood in Detroit, formerly populated by working-class white families, is now dominated by poor Asian immigrants, and gang violence is commonplace. Adding to the isolation he feels is the emotional detachment of his family. He rejects a suggestion from one of his sons to move to a retirement community , and lives alone with his dog. Walt suffers from coughing fits, occasionally coughing up blood, but conceals this from his family. A young Catholic priest tries to comfort him, but Walt disdains the young, inexperienced man. The Hmong Vang Lor family reside next door to Walt. Initially, he wants nothing to do with his new neighbors, particularly after he catches Thao Vang Lor, a member of that family, attempting to steal his Ford Gran Torino as a coerced initiation into a Hmong gang run by Thao\'s cousin, "Spider." The gang is infuriated and attacks Thao, but Walt confronts them with a rifle and chases them off, earning the respect of the Hmong community. As penance, Thao\'s mother makes him work for Walt, who has him do odd jobs around the neighborhood, and the two form a grudging mutual respect. Walt helps Thao get a job and gives him advice on dating. The gang continues to pressure Thao and again assaults him on his way home from work. Walt sees Thao\'s injuries and visits the gang members\' house where he attacks a gang member. In retaliation, the gang performs a drive-by shooting on the Vang Lor home, injuring Thao, and kidnapping and raping his sister. The next day, Thao seeks Walt\'s help to exact revenge, who tells him to return later in the afternoon. In the meantime, Walt makes personal preparations: he buys a suit, gets a haircut and makes a confession to Father Janovich. When Thao returns, Walt takes him to the basement and gives him his Silver Star; Walt then locks Thao in his basement and tells him that he has been haunted by the memory of killing an enemy soldier  and insists that Thao must never be haunted with the experience of killing another man. Walt then goes to the house of the gang members where they draw their weapons on him. He talks loudly, berating them and drawing the attention of the neighbors. Putting a cigarette in his mouth, he asks for a light; he then puts his hand in his jacket and provocatively pulls it out as if it is a gun, inciting the gang members to shoot and kill him. As he falls to the ground, his hand opens to reveal an army lighter: he was unarmed. Sue frees Thao and they drive to the scene in Walt\'s Gran Torino. A Hmong police officer tells them the gang will be arrested for murder and imprisoned for a long time. Walt\'s funeral Mass is celebrated by the young priest, Father Janovich, and attended by his family and many of the Hmong community. Afterward, his last will and testament is read, and to the surprise of his family, Walt leaves them nothing: his house goes to the church and his cherished Gran Torino to Thao. As the film ends, Thao is seen driving the car along Lakeshore Drive with Walt\'s dog, Daisy.'] [" As the Clone Wars rage on, the Galactic Republic has suffered major setbacks against the Separatists. Jedi Knights Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi infiltrate the flagship of Separatist commander General Grievous to rescue the abducted Supreme Chancellor Palpatine. However, they are confronted by Count Dooku, who engages the Jedi in a lightsaber duel. After Dooku knocks Obi-Wan unconscious, Anakin fights and kills Dooku at Palpatine's urging. Following a skirmish with Grievous, who then flees, the Jedi crash-land the ship that has split in half on the planet Coruscant. There, Anakin reunites with his wife, Padmé Amidala, who reveals she is pregnant. Anakin is happy at first, but he then begins to have disturbing premonitions of Padmé dying in childbirth. Palpatine places Anakin on the Jedi Council as his representative, but Anakin is denied the rank of Jedi Master and ordered to secretly monitor the Chancellor. Frustrated at being excluded from the Council, Anakin begins to lose faith in the Jedi and becomes more attached to Palpatine, who tells him that the dark side of the Force holds the power to prevent death. On the planet Utapau, Obi-Wan engages and kills Grievous. When Palpatine reveals himself as the Sith lord Darth Sidious, Anakin reports his treachery to Jedi Master Mace Windu. In the ensuing lightsaber duel, Windu subdues Palpatine by deflecting his opponent's Force Lightning back at him. Anakin intervenes on Palpatine's behalf, allowing Palpatine to kill Windu. Desperate to save Padmé, Anakin becomes Palpatine's apprentice and is rechristened Darth Vader. Palpatine executes Order 66 that involves the extermination of all Jedi across the galaxy; as part of this tyrannical decree, he sends Vader in with a legion of clone troopers to eradicate everyone in the Jedi Temple. Vader then travels to the volcanic planet Mustafar to kill the Separatist leaders hiding there. Palpatine addresses the Senate and reforms the Republic into the Galactic Empire, declaring himself Emperor. Obi-Wan and Jedi Master Yoda discover Anakin's treachery, and split up to confront Vader and Sidious. Unable to convince Padmé of Anakin's turn to the dark side, Obi-Wan stows away on her ship when she travels to Mustafar. When Padmé discovers what Vader has done, she tries to take him back, but Vader accuses her of betraying him and uses the Force to choke her into unconsciousness. Vader and Obi-Wan engage in a fierce duel, taking them across the entire volcano, and eventually Obi-Wan severs Vader's legs and left arm and Vader falls down to the edge of the volcanic river. Soon after, Vader is immolated. Taking his former apprentice's lightsaber, Obi-Wan goes to help Padmé. Meanwhile, Yoda confronts Palpatine, but is forced to retreat when their duel reaches a stalemate. In a medical facility on Polis Massa, Padmé dies after giving birth to twins Luke and Leia. Meanwhile, Palpatine finds Vader barely alive on Mustafar and brings him back to Coruscant, rebuilding his apprentice's ruined body with cybernetic limbs and a respirator. Tormented by the discovery of Padmé's death at his own hands, Vader screams, the last vestige of humanity now driven from him. Vader begins supervising the construction of the Death Star at Palpatine's side. A funeral is held for Padmé, her body dressed to continue the illusion of pregnancy. Knowing that the twins must remain hidden from the Empire, Senator Bail Organa adopts Leia and takes her to Alderaan, while Luke is to be taken to his stepfamily on Tatooine. Organa allows the droids C-3PO and R2-D2 to remain aboard the Tantive IV and has C-3PO's memory erased. Yoda teaches Obi-Wan how to commune with the spirit of Qui-Gon Jinn before going into exile on Dagobah. Obi-Wan takes the infant Luke to Tatooine, where he intends to watch over him until the time is right to challenge the Empire."] ['Three boys, Jimmy Markum, Sean Devine and Dave Boyle, play hockey in a Boston street in 1975. Spotting wet concrete, the boys commence writing their names into it when a car pulls up with two men, pretending to be police officers. One of the men gets out and berates the boys for their actions, and tells Dave to get into the car. The men are pedophiles, and hold Dave captive and sexually abuse him for four days, until he escapes. Twenty-five years later, the boys are now grown and, while they still live in Boston, have drifted apart. Jimmy  is an ex-con running a neighborhood store, while Dave  is a blue-collar worker, still haunted by his abduction. The two are still neighbors and related by marriage. Jimmy\'s 19-year-old daughter Katie  is secretly dating Brendan Harris, a boy Jimmy despises. She and Brendan are planning to run away together to Las Vegas. Katie goes out for the night with her girlfriends and is seen by Dave at a local bar. That night, Katie is murdered, and Dave comes home with an injured hand and blood on his clothes, which his wife Celeste  helps him clean up. Dave claims that he fought off a mugger and "bashed his head into the concrete", and possibly killed him. Sean , who is now a detective with the Massachusetts State Police, investigates Katie\'s murder. In a subplot, Sean\'s pregnant wife Lauren has left him. Over the course of the film, Sean and his partner, Sergeant Whitey Powers , track down leads while Jimmy conducts his own investigation using his neighborhood connections. Sean discovers that the gun used to kill Katie was also used in a liquor store robbery during the 1980s by "Just Ray" Harris, the father of Katie\'s boyfriend. Harris has been missing since 1989, but Brendan claims he still sends his family $500 every month. Brendan also feigns ignorance about Ray\'s gun but Sean believes that it was still in the house. Sergeant Powers suspects Dave as a possible perpetrator because he was one of the last people to see Katie alive. He also has a wounded hand and even though he continues to tell his wife he got it while being mugged, he tells the police a different story – soon Jimmy becomes suspicious of it. Dave continues to behave strangely, which upsets his wife to the point she is afraid he will hurt her. While Jimmy and his associates conduct their investigation, Dave\'s wife eventually tells Jimmy about Dave\'s behavior and the bloody clothing and her suspicions. Jimmy and his friends get Dave drunk at a local bar. When Dave leaves the bar, the men follow him out. Jimmy tells Dave that he shot "Just Ray" Harris at that same location for ratting him out and sending him to jail. Jimmy informs Dave that his wife thinks he murdered Katie and tells Dave that he will let him live if he confesses; if he does not he will kill him. Dave repeatedly tells Jimmy that he did kill someone but it was not Katie: he beat a child molester to death after finding him having sex with a child prostitute in a car. Jimmy does not believe Dave\'s claim and threatens him with a knife. When Dave finally admits to killing Katie thinking he can escape with his life, Jimmy kills him and disposes of his body in the adjacent Mystic River. While Dave is being killed, Brendan  confronts his younger brother Ray Jr. and his brother\'s friend John about Katie\'s murder. He beats the two boys and threatens to kill them if they do not admit their guilt, but he is almost shot by John. Sean and Powers arrive just in time to stop it. The next morning, Sean tells Jimmy that the police have Katie\'s murderers – who have confessed. She was killed by Brendan\'s brother and his friend John O\'Shea in a violent prank gone wrong: The kids got hold of Just Ray\'s gun and saw a car coming which happened to be Katie. John aimed the gun just to scare her but the gun went off by accident. The car veered onto the curb and Katie got out and ran into the park. Silent Ray and John pursued her so she wouldn\'t tell anyone. The beating Katie received was from Silent Ray who had a hockey stick. Once she was beaten, John shot her again, killing her. Sean asks Jimmy if he has seen Dave, because he is wanted for questioning in another case, the murder of a known child molester. A distraught Jimmy thanks Sean for finding his daughter\'s killers, but says "if only you had been a little faster." Sean asks Jimmy if he\'s going to "send Celeste Boyle $500 a month too?". Sean reunites with his wife and his daughter Nora, after apologizing for "driving her away". Jimmy goes to his wife, Annabeth  and confesses. She comforts him and tells him that he is a king and that kings always make the right decision. At a town parade, Sean sees Jimmy, and mimics shooting him, to let Jimmy know he is watching.'] ["Leigh-Anne Williams's mother committed suicide when she was a child, and she and her brother both suffered abuse at the hands of their father. Leigh-Anne is very protective towards her baby daughter Rebecca, and still has visits from Rebecca's father's mother  - though Leigh-Anne gets angry when Annette suggests that Rebecca would be better off in her care. The father of her baby is in prison , while Leanne's family is similarly dysfunctional; her mother committed suicide, while her abusive father went on to marry her mother's sister. As well as Gavin, she has a sister in her early teens and a baby sister from her father's marriage to her aunt. Despite being less than 20 years old, Leigh-Anne has made quite a few significant enemies in her local area. She is involved in constant confrontations with her Turkish Muslim neighbour Hassan Osman, and is so desperate to support her baby that she will committ the most shocking acts. One notable act is when she tricks a man out of £30 by pretending to be a pimp. She then gets a younger girl  to have sex with the man, who is much older. Three of the few people who have good relationships with Leigh-Anne are her brother Gavin, and Gavin's friends Robbie and Stephen. But they are actively involved in crime and anti-social behaviour, and Leigh-Anne is a willing participant in many of their crimes. She receives regular visits from a social worker, and fears that Rebecca will be taken away from her. Leigh-Anne then sees her social worker talking with Hassan Osman, and believes that Hassan is trying to get Rebecca taken into care. Leigh-Anne, Gavin, Robbie and Stephen are at a library one day when they come across Hassan Osman and his daughter Julie, who is an ex-girlfriend of Gavin's - their relationship was effectively ended by Hassan's disapproval. An argument starts as they leave the centre and it turns into a full scale street fight in which the three boys attack Hassan while Leigh-Anne looks on. The story ends when Leigh-Anne returns home and gets a visit from the police, who want to question her in connection with an attack on Hassan Osman - he had died as a result of the beating. She goes to the police station with them and as they are leaving the house, her three friends are also been taken away - Robbie still wearing the bloodstained jumper that he wore during the attack. The very end of the film sees Leigh-Anne crying uncontrollably in police custody after her daughter has been handed over to Social Services, and her own social worker has informed her that nobody ever wanted to remove her daughter from her, and that the reason she spoke to Hassan Osman was about his own daughter's issues. Meanwhile, Julie reveals to the police that she is pregnant with Gavin's baby."] [' Georges Iscovescu  recounts his story to a Hollywood film director at Paramount. He is a Romanian-born gigolo who arrived in a Mexican border town seeking entry to the United States. He waits out the eight year waiting period with other hopeful immigrants in the Esperanza Hotel. After six months he is broke and unhappy. He runs into his former professional "dance partner" Anita Dixon  who explains she obtained US residency by marrying an American, who she then quickly divorced. Georges therefore seeks an American wife, soon targeting visiting school teacher Miss Emmy Brown . They marry the same day. Emmy unexpectedly returns a few days later, but immigration inspector Hammock  appears, hunting for con artists such as Georges. In order to evade Hammock, Georges drives Emmy to a small village, where they participate in romantic traditional rituals for newlyweds. Georges becomes increasingly bothered by his conscience as he sees how happy and unsuspecting Emmy is. Iscovescu develops genuine affection for Emmy. However this jeopardizes the plans of Anita, long in love with Georges, for them to work together in the US. Anita informs Emmy of the entire scheme. Emmy does not turn him in when questioned by Hammock, but nevertheless leaves Georges. Returning to the US she is seriously injured in a car accident. A distraught Georges learns of this and jeopardizes his imminent US visa by illegally entering the country to go to Emmy. On hearing his voice she begins to emerge from her coma. Georges sees police arriving so leaves for Paramount, where Hammock catches up with him. Some weeks later Hammock returns to the Border town. Anita has a new sugar daddy. Hammock tells Georges that he didn\'t report Georges illegal entry and his visa has been approved. In addition Emmy has recovered and is at the border to meet him. Georges sees Emmy happily waving to him from across the border and goes to meet her.'] ["In a small town of rolling fields and endless skies, isolated 16 year old Mason Mullich lives in a world where families exist in fragmented silence and love seems to have gone missing. Then Mason meets Danny, a sensitive and troubled girl, and their tender bond is soon tested after a fatal accident and a series of complications takes Mason away for something he didn't do."] ['Andrew Beckett  is a senior associate at the largest corporate law firm in Philadelphia. Although he lives with his partner Miguel Álvarez , Beckett is not open about his homosexuality at the law firm, nor the fact that he has AIDS. On the day he is assigned the firm\'s newest and most important case, one of the firm\'s partners notices a small lesion on Beckett\'s forehead. Shortly thereafter, Beckett stays home from work for several days to try to find a way to hide his lesions. While at home, he finishes the complaint for the case he has been assigned and then brings it to his office, leaving instructions for his assistants to file the complaint in court on the following day, which marks the end of the statute of limitations for the case. Beckett suffers from bowel spasms at home and is rushed to the hospital. Later that morning, while still at the ER, he receives a frantic call from the firm asking for the complaint, as the paper copy cannot be found and there are no copies on the computer\'s hard drive. However, the complaint is finally discovered and is filed with the court at the last possible moment. The following day, Beckett is dismissed by the firm\'s partners, who had previously referred to him as their "buddy", but now question his professional abilities in light of the misplaced document. Beckett believes that someone deliberately hid his paperwork to give the firm a pretext to fire him, and that the firing is actually as a result of his diagnosis with AIDS. He asks several attorneys to take his case, including personal injury lawyer Joe Miller , with whom he had been involved in a previous case. Miller, who is admittedly homophobic and knows little about AIDS, initially declines to take the case and immediately visits his doctor to find out if he could have contracted the AIDS through shaking Beckett\'s hand. The doctor explains the methods of HIV infection. The doctor then offers to take a sample of Miller\'s blood, suspecting that Miller was asking about AIDS because he suspected he had contracted it and was trying to hide it. Miller dismisses the request by laughing it off, taking it as a joke. Unable to find a lawyer willing to represent him, Beckett is compelled to act as his own attorney. While researching a case at a law library, Miller sees Beckett at a nearby table. After a librarian announces that he has found a book on AIDS discrimination for Beckett, others in the library begin to first stare and then move away, and the librarian suggests Beckett retire to a private room. Disgusted by their behavior, Miller approaches Beckett and reviews the material he has gathered. It is obvious he has decided to take the case. Upon receiving a summons by Miller, the head of the firm, Charles Wheeler , worries about the damage the lawsuit could do to his business and reputation, although one partner  unsuccessfully tries to convince them to settle out of court with Beckett. As the case goes before the court, Wheeler takes the stand, claiming that Beckett was incompetent and claiming that he had deliberately tried to hide his condition. The defense repeatedly suggests that Beckett had invited his illness through promiscuity and was therefore not a victim. In the course of testimony, it is revealed that the partner who had noticed Beckett\'s lesion had previously worked with a woman who had contracted AIDS after a blood transfusion and so would have recognized the lesion as relating to AIDS. In one of the most dramatic scenes, and to prove that the lesions would have been visible, Miller asks Beckett to unbutton his shirt while on the witness stand, revealing that his lesions were indeed visible and recognizable as such. During cross-examination, Beckett admits that he was originally planning to tell his law colleagues that he was gay, but changed his mind after hearing them make homophobic jokes in the sauna of a health club. When asked about the truth of how he got infected, he confirms that he engaged in anonymous sex with another man at a pornographic movie theater. However, he and Miller gain an advantage when the partner who advised settling out of court confesses he long suspected Beckett had AIDS but never said anything, and how he regrets his inaction. Beckett collapses during Wheeler\'s testimony. During his hospitalization, the jury votes in his favor, awarding him back pay, damages for pain and suffering, and punitive damages totaling more than $5M. Miller visits Beckett in the hospital after the verdict and overcomes his fear enough to touch Beckett\'s face. After Beckett\'s family leaves the room, he tells Miguel that he is ready to die. A short scene immediately afterward shows Miller getting the word that Beckett has died. The movie ends with a reception at Beckett\'s home following the funeral, where many mourners, including the Millers, view home movies of Beckett as a healthy child.'] ['Aurora  and Emma Greenway Horton  are mother and daughter, both searching for deep romantic love. Beginning with Emma\'s early childhood, Aurora reveals how difficult and caring she can be by nearly climbing into Emma\'s crib in order to make sure her daughter is breathing—only to be reassured once Emma starts crying . The two have an extremely close love-hate mother/daughter relationship as Emma grows up. The film follows both women across several years as each find their reasons for going on living and finding joy. Emma gets married immediately upon graduating High School in the Houston area, while her best friend Patsy  continues on to college, eventually becoming successful and rich in New York City. Emma has two children that she and her husband, college professor Flap Horton , struggle to support in Des Moines, Iowa, and she later telephones her mother and asks for money when she is pregnant with her third child. Aurora, not knowing by the telephone call that Emma is already several months pregnant, wants Emma to get an abortion. Emma\'s once-passionate marriage to Flap becomes strained, thanks mostly to his philandering, and she finds a lover in small-town, older banker Sam Burns , with whom she eventually has a romantic love affair as well. At the same time, Aurora cultivates the attention of several gentlemen in the area, some rather bizarre, but is attracted to her next door neighbor of fifteen years, the philandering, retired astronaut Garrett Breedlove . Garrett has been drinking heavily for years and partied with very young women at his home. Aurora and Garrett eventually go on a lunch date, make love and develop a tenuous relationship. One scene shows them speeding in his open Corvette convertible along a quiet beach as he recklessly sits on top of the car and steers with his foot. Emma returns to her mother\'s home in Houston after discovering her husband is having an affair with a young grad student named Janice, who attends the same college where Flap teaches. However, Emma\'s appearance along with her three children spooks Garrett, who has been single for a long time. After re-assessing his relationship with Aurora, Garrett breaks up with her, greatly upsetting Aurora. While Emma is in Houston, Flap telephones her and she reluctantly returns home to Iowa, attempting reconciliation with him. Both accept that they have each made mistakes. Emma ends the relationship with Sam after Flap accepts a new teaching position in Kearney, Nebraska. Although she does not want to, Emma agrees to relocate to further Flap\'s career. However, Emma soon discovers that Janice is attending the same college where Flap now works, realizing that Flap followed her to Nebraska. With her daughter in a stroller, Emma confronts Janice before taking her daughter to the doctor\'s office so both can get flu shots. While administering the injection, Emma\'s doctor notices two large lumps under her armpit. Although Emma is only in her 30s, the doctor orders a biopsy and discovers she has a "malignancy." Emma\'s childhood friend Patsy invites her to New York City for her first vacation without her children. However, after arriving, Emma feels out-of-place amongst Patsy\'s friends and returns home early to begin treatment for her illness. Later, her doctor informs her that the drugs she was taking did not "have the desired effect," and that she will not survive her illness. Flap and Aurora remain by her bedside in the hospital for weeks. Although devastated and exhausted, Aurora is still very supportive and loving towards Emma. Garrett flies to Lincoln, Nebraska and surprises Aurora, and the two proclaim their love for each other. After a discussion in the hospital cafeteria between Aurora and Flap, in which Aurora tells him he doesn\'t have the energy for a job, chasing women, and managing a family, Aurora tells Flap she will raise his and Emma\'s children in Houston. Although Patsy, who has no children of her own, wants to adopt Melanie, Flap and Emma do not want their children to be separated. Emma, not wanting Janice to raise her children and Flap, feeling like a failure as both a father and a husband, agree that living with Aurora is best for their children. As Emma\'s time begins to run short, Teddy shows open resentment toward his mother due to circumstances such as social class, fights between his parents, and Teddy\'s perception of feeling unloved. Emma reassures all three children they are loved, and after an altercation with Aurora, Teddy weeps in her arms. Emma dies later that night. Following Emma\'s funeral, Emma and Aurora\'s friends and family gather in Aurora\'s back yard for a wake. Garrett shows love toward each of Emma\'s children and helps Teddy cope during the wake. The film closes on Aurora, sitting next to her grandchild Melanie.'] ['Sadness and boredom involves the life of Justine Last. A 30-year old woman, who has a meaningless job as a make-over assistant at a downscale discount retail store, is married to Phil , a house painter who spends his free time getting high with his friend Bubba . Altough she and Phil are trying to have a baby to improve their lives, Justine feels like she is trapped in a dead-end world. She begins to make friends with the Retail Rodeo new cashier, Thomas "Holden" Worther. The 22-year old aspiring novelist writer and college drop out who still lives with his parents has something in common with Justine: They both have lives they don\'t want for them. He calls himself Holden because he always has his nose on a copy of The Catcher in the Rye, with which he identifies. Justine develops feelings for the unusual personality of Holden, but when he tries to kiss her, she doesn\'t let him, thinking about her husband , and Holden doesn\'t show up for work the next day. Instead, he sends a letter to Justine proclaming his love for her and to meet her at 5 p.m., otherwise she will never hear from him again. That day, Gwen Jackson   gets sick from food poisoning and Justine takes her into hospital, failing to be on the spot by 5, but even though she comes by 5h35, Holden appears out of nowhere and they agree to have a secret relationship, proceeding to a motel where they have sex. This gives Justine a new thrill in her life, but she gets second thoughts after she sees Bubba\'s pickup truck in the motel parking lot, assuming he\'s following her. Corny , the Retail Rodeo security guard, invites Phil and Justine for Bible Studies. Justine agrees to go with Phil, but sees the motel recepcionist on the way to Bible Studies as well, and backs away, leaving Phil stunned and confused. She discovers that Gwen died from the food poisoning, and that Bubba really knows about her and Holden. This leaves Justine guilty for not give the right attention for Gwen disease and for her husband. Concerned about her marriage, Justine agrees to have sex with Bubba after he blackmails her for discovering her affair with Holden, but Holden sees everything, and confronts Justine after work, highly drunk, calling her a hooker for betraying him. Justine begins to worry upon discovering Holden\'s real personality, as a unstable, obsessive, immature boy. Thinking about ditching him, she buys blackberries of the road for him, despite the fact of why Gwen had food poisoning in the first place, by eating bad blackberries, which contained parasites. He starts to eat them, but feeling guilty, Justine throw the box away from his hand. Several days later, Justine feels stomach cramps and her breasts begin swelling; when she has a pregnancy test, she\'s confronted by Phil, and together, they see the test comes back positive, leaving Phil ecstatic, and Justine worried. She realizes that the baby is Holden\'s, not Phil\'s. Meanwhile, Holden, desperate to have Justine in his arms and wanting to begin a new life on the road together, he steals fifteen thousand dollars from the Retail Rodeo safe and his parents. Justine\'s manager discover Holden theft over the security cameras and asks if she\'s Holden accomplice, but she denies it. When Justine gives him a ride to the motel, they plan to meet before noon the next day to run away together. Later that day, Justine walls begins to corner her when Phil receive a call from his sperm doctor and finds out that he is sterile. She convinces him that the sperm test is wrong, but he finds finds charges for the motel on their credit card bill and asks Justine if she\'s having an affair behind his back. When she responds positively, he slaps her across the face and breaks down. Asking her if the baby really his, Justine convinces him once again that the baby is Phil\'s, even though she\'s lying. She lies once again when Phil asks who is the another man, but feeling concerned about Holden, she tells him that it was Corny, when she realizes that he was the one spying on her and Holden in the store deposit through the security cameras. Having another second thoughs about having a new life with Holden, she warns the Retail Rodeo manager and the police about Holden\'s location. When he realizes that he\'s surrounded, he commits suicide, much to her surprise. Corny shows up a work with a broken arm and serveral bruises, but Justine ignores it. Justine decides to stay with Phil, and together they try to have a decent life with their new baby daughter.'] ['Ju Dou takes place in the early 20th century in rural China. The story begins as Yang Tianqing  is returning from a trek to sell silk for his adoptive uncle, Yang Jinshan ([[Li Wei . Jinshan, whose trade is dyeing fabrics, is known for his cruelty and treats Tianqing with much scorn. Upon returning, Tianqing learns that Jinshan has just recently purchased a new wife, having beaten two previous wives to death after they failed to produce a son, the cruel irony being that Jinshan is in fact impotent. Upon meeting the wife, Ju Dou , Tianqing is immediately enamored with her. During the day they act with some detachment from one another, both living in fear of Jinshan. At night, Jinshan tortures Ju Dou as Tianqing is forced to listen to her cries. Eventually, Tianqing discovers Ju Dou\'s bathing area and spies on her. When she discovers the peephole, she is at first concerned, but eventually uses the hole to expose her bruises to him. Soon, the two are unable to control their passions any longer, and they engage in sexual intercourse next to the dye vats. When Ju Dou discovers she is pregnant, she and Tianqing carry on the façade that the child is in fact Jinshan\'s. The child, Tianbai is soon born and carries on Jinshan\'s and not Tianqing\'s name. At this point, however, Jinshan suffers a stroke which leaves him paralyzed from the waist down. Confined to a wheel chair, he nevertheless discovers Ju Dou and Tianqing\'s affair and attempts to kill the child. Stopped by the parents, Jinshan\'s past cruelty is repaid upon him as he is hoisted in a large barrel, leaving him dangling helplessly during the night. Despite their happiness, Tianqing and Ju Dou suffer another setback when Ju Dou believes that she is yet again pregnant. However, later she receives her period and the couple is relieved. Knowing that society would infer and could never accept her infidelities, Ju Dou goes to a nunnery to get contraceptives. The contraceptives given to her turn out to be hot chili powder and they leave her barren. Meanwhile Tianbai has grown into a sullen child . He has yet to speak, and both Ju Dou and Tianqing worry about him. Jin Shan meanwhile is still left in his barrel. When he sees the child, he at first attempts to push him into the dye vat, but when Tianbai calls him "Father," his heart immediately melts and he accepts the boy as his son. While Ju Dou and Tianqing are horrified, they know they can say nothing. Jinshan\'s happiness is short-lived, however, as he himself falls into the dye vat and drowns one day while playing with his "son," who watches the man flail helplessly but does nothing to save him. The funeral is treated with much pomp and circumstance as Confucian dogma requires both Ju Dou and Tianqing to "beg" the casket not to leave. Ju Dou, moreover, is never allowed to be with another man. The film then cuts to ten years later. Ju Dou and Tianqing still run the dye operation, but Tianbai  is now a rage-filled teenager. Rumors of his parents\' infidelities drive him to nearly kill a local gossip. Upon discovering his parents passed out in a stifling underground cellar after one of their trysts, Tianbai drags them into the open before throwing his father into a vat. Although disoriented and short of oxygen, it seems as if Tianqing will get out. However, Tianbai clubs him with a heavy stick and knocks him unconscious, resulting in Tianqing drowning. Ju Dou then burns the mill down, and watches as the flames engulf the rolls of silk around her as the film ends.'] ['Ben Sanderson  is a Hollywood screenwriter whose alcoholism costs him his job, family, and friends. With nothing left, he goes to Las Vegas to drink himself to death. As he drives drunkenly down the Las Vegas Strip, he almost hits a woman in the crosswalk, Sera , who chastises him. Ben checks into a sleazy motel called The Whole Year Inn. As he looks at this the wording changes to "The Hole You\'re In." Meanwhile, Sera is a prostitute for an abusive pimp, Yuri Butso , a Latvian immigrant. Polish mobsters are after Yuri, so he breaks his relationship with Sera in fear that the Poles may hurt her, and is murdered  shortly afterwards. On his second day in Las Vegas, Ben meets Sera, on the street where he first met her, introduces himself and offers $500 to go to his room for an hour. Sera agrees to go to his room, but Ben does not want sex. Instead, they talk and create an odd relationship. Their relationship is doomed; Sera has to promise Ben she will never ask him to stop drinking, and Ben is not allowed to criticize Sera\'s occupation. At first the two are stable, as Ben is "totally at ease with this ." However, each becomes frustrated with the other\'s behavior. Sera attempts to get Ben to eat but Ben stumbles for more alcohol. Sera begs him to see a doctor. Ben, furious but intoxicated, brings another prostitute  to Sera\'s house. Sera returns home and throws Ben out. Shortly afterward, she is raped and beaten by three college students, and the injuries make her occupation obvious. After being evicted, Sera receives a call from Ben, who is on his deathbed. She visits Ben and they have sex. They fall asleep, and when Ben wakes up, he looks across at Sera, who is lying on top of him, and dies while holding her as she sleeps. His last word is "wow".'] ['Seth Brundle , a brilliant but eccentric scientist, meets Veronica Quaife , a journalist for Particle magazine, at a meet-the-press event held by Bartok Science Industries, the company that provides funding for Brundle\'s work. Seth takes Veronica back to the warehouse that serves as both his home and laboratory, and shows her a project that will change the world: a set of "Telepods" that allows instantaneous teleportation of an object from one pod to another. Veronica eventually agrees to document Seth\'s work. Although the Telepods can transport inanimate objects, they do not work properly on living things, as is demonstrated when a live baboon is turned inside-out during an experiment. Seth and Veronica begin a romantic relationship. Their first sexual encounter provides inspiration for Seth, who successfully reprograms the Telepod computer to cope with living creatures, and teleports a second baboon with no apparent harm. Flushed with this success, Brundle wants to spend a romantic evening with Veronica, but she suddenly departs before they can celebrate. Brundle\'s judgment soon becomes impaired by alcohol and his fear that Veronica is secretly rekindling her relationship with her editor and former lover, Stathis Borans . In reality, Veronica has left to confront Borans about a veiled threat of his  to publish the Telepod story without her consent. Upset, Brundle teleports himself in Veronica\'s absence, unaware that a common housefly is in the pod with him. Brundle emerges from the receiving pod, seemingly normal. Seth and Veronica reconcile, and, shortly after his teleportation, Seth begins to exhibit what at first appear to be beneficial effects of the process—such as increased strength, stamina and sexual potency. He believes this to be a result of the teleporting process "purifying" his body as it was being rebuilt. However, he soon becomes violent, and eventually realizes that something went horribly wrong when his fingernails begin falling off. Brundle checks his computer\'s records, and discovers that the Telepod computer, confused by the presence of two separate life-forms in the sending pod, merged him with the fly at the molecular-genetic level. Over the next few weeks, Brundle continues to deteriorate, losing various body parts and becoming progressively less human in appearance. He theorizes that he is slowly becoming a hybrid creature that is neither human nor insect . He starts to exhibit fly-like characteristics, such as vomiting digestive enzymes onto his food in order to dissolve it, and the ability to cling to walls and ceilings. Brundle realizes that he is losing his human reason and compassion, and that he is now being driven by primitive impulses he cannot control. Attempting to find a cure for his condition, Brundle installs a fusion program into the Telepod computer in order to dilute the fly genes in his body with pure human DNA. To her horror, Veronica learns that she is pregnant by Seth, and she cannot be sure if the child was conceived before or after his fateful teleportation. Veronica and Borans persuade a reluctant doctor to perform an abortion in the middle of the night, but Brundle abducts Veronica before the abortion can be carried out, and begs her to carry the child to term, since it could potentially be the last remnant of his untainted humanity. Veronica refuses, afraid that the child will be a hideous mutant. Meanwhile, Borans breaks into Brundle\'s lab with a shotgun and comes to Veronica\'s rescue, but is seriously injured and nearly killed by the almost fully transformed Brundle, who dissolves Borans\' left hand and right foot with his corrosive vomit-drop enzyme. Brundle then reveals his desperate, last-ditch plan to Veronica — he will use the three Telepods  to fuse himself, Veronica, and their unborn child together into one entity, so they can be the "ultimate family". Veronica frantically resists Brundle\'s efforts to drag her into Telepod 1 and then accidentally tears off his jaw, triggering his final transformation into a monstrous combination of man and insect. The "Brundlefly" traps Veronica inside Telepod 1, then steps into Telepod 2. However, the wounded Borans manages to sever the power cables connected to Veronica\'s Telepod with his shotgun, allowing Veronica to escape unharmed. Breaking out of its own pod as the fusion process is activated, Brundlefly is gruesomely fused with chunks of metal and other components from Telepod 2. As the mortally wounded Brundlefly-Telepod fusion creature crawls out of the receiving pod, it silently begs Veronica to end its suffering with Borans\' shotgun. Veronica hesitates for a moment, and then pulls the trigger, killing Brundle.'] ["Siti  and Setio  are a married couple living in a small village. They were once dancers in plays depicting the Ramayana, but have since retired from the stage to sell earthenware pottery. Siti used to play the part of Sita, the wife of Prince Rama, whom Setio portrayed. In an episode from the Ramayana, Siti becomes the object desire of evil King Ravana and is abducted by him. The events of the Ramayana are paralleled in the characters' real lives when Ludiro , a butcher who rules over all the village's business affairs, tries to seduce Siti."] ['In May 1972, college theater student Richard Collier  is celebrating the debut of a play he has written. During the celebration, he is approached by an elderly woman who places a pocket watch in his hand and pleads "come back to me". Richard does not recognize the woman, who returns to her own residence and dies soon afterward. Eight years later, Richard is a successful playwright living in Chicago, but has recently broken up with his girlfriend and is struggling with writer\'s block. Feeling stressed from writing his play, he decides to take a break and travels out of town to the Grand Hotel. While looking at a display in the hotel\'s museum, Richard becomes enthralled by a photograph of a beautiful woman. With the assistance of Arthur Biehl , an old bellhop who has been at the hotel since 1910, Richard discovers that the woman is Elise McKenna , a famous early 20th century stage actress. Upon digging deeper, Richard learns that she was the aged woman who gave him the pocket watch eight years earlier. Traveling to McKenna\'s home, he discovers a music box she had made, in the shape of the Grand Hotel, that plays his favorite melody. He also discovers among her effects a book on time travel written by his old college professor, Dr. Gerard Finney , and learns that McKenna read the book several times. Richard becomes obsessed with the idea of traveling back to 1912 and meeting Elise McKenna, with whom he has fallen in love. Visiting Finney, Richard learns that the man believes that he himself very briefly time traveled once to 1571 through the power of self-suggestion. To accomplish this feat of self-hypnosis, Finney tells Richard, one must remove from sight all things that are related to the current time and trick the mind into believing that one is in the past. He also warns that such a process would leave one very weak, perhaps dangerously so. Richard buys an early 20th century suit and some vintage money and cuts his hair in a time-appropriate style. Dressing himself in the suit, he removes all modern objects from his hotel room and attempts to will himself into the year 1912 using tape-recorded suggestions, only to fail for lack of real conviction. Later, while searching the hotel\'s attic, Richard finds an old guest book from 1912 with his signature in it and realizes that he will eventually succeed. Richard again hypnotizes himself, this time with the tape recorder hidden under the bed, and allows his absolute faith in his eventual success to become the trigger for the journey back through time. He drifts off to sleep and awakens to the sound of whinnying horses on June 27, 1912. Richard looks all over the hotel for Elise, even meeting Arthur as a little boy, but he has no luck finding her. Finally, he stumbles upon Elise walking by a tree near the lake. She seems to swoon slightly at the sight of him, but then suddenly asks him if he is "the one". McKenna\'s manager, William Fawcett Robinson , abruptly intervenes and sends Richard away. Richard stubbornly continues to pursue Elise until she finally agrees to accompany him on a stroll through the surrounding idyllic landscape. Richard ultimately asks why Elise wondered aloud if he was "the one". She replies that Robinson somehow knows that she will meet a man one day who will change her life forever. Richard then shows Elise the same pocket watch which she will eventually give him in 1972, but he does not reveal its origin, merely saying it was a gift. Richard accepts Elise\'s invitation to her play, where she recites an impromptu monologue dedicated to him. During intermission, he finds her posing formally for a photograph. Upon spotting Richard, Elise breaks into a radiant smile, the camera capturing the image which Richard first saw of her 68 years later. Afterwards, Richard receives an urgent message from Robinson requesting a meeting. Robinson tries to get Richard to leave Elise, saying it is for her own good. When Richard professes his love for her, Robinson has him tied up and locked in the stables. Later, Robinson tells Elise that Richard has left her and is not the one, but she disbelieves him, stating that she loves Richard. Richard wakes up the next morning and escapes his constraints. He runs to Elise\'s room and finds that her party has left. Despondent, he goes out to the hotel\'s porch. Suddenly, he hears Elise calling his name and sees her running towards him. They return to his room together and make love. The next morning they agree to marry. Elise tells him that the first thing she will do for him is buy him a new suit, since the one he has been wearing is about fifteen years out of date. Richard begins to show her how practical the suit is because of its many pockets. He is alarmed when he reaches into one and finds a Lincoln penny with a mint date of 1979. Seeing an item from his real present wrenches him out of his hypnotically-induced time trip, and Richard feels himself rushing backwards with Elise screaming his name in horror as he is pulled inexorably out of 1912. Richard then wakes up back in the present. He is drenched in sweat and very weak, apparently exhausted from his trip through time and back. He scrambles desperately back to his own room and tries to hypnotize himself again, without success. Heartbroken and after wandering around the hotel property and sitting interminably at the places where he spent time with Elise, he eventually retires to his room and remains there unmoving for days until discovered by Arthur and the hotel manager; they send for a doctor and paramedics. Richard suddenly smiles and sees himself drifting above his body and, having presumably died of a broken heart, is drawn to a light shining through the nearby window, where he is reunited with Elise.'] ['{{quotation}} King Edward IV of England  has been placed on the throne with the help of his brother, Richard, Duke of Gloucester . After Edward\'s coronation in the Great Hall with his brothers George and Richard watching, he leaves with his son. Richard contemplates the throne, before advancing towards the audience and then addressing them, delivering a speech that outlines his physical deformities, including a hunched back and a withered arm. He goes on to describe his jealousy over his brother\'s rise to power in contrast to his lowly position. He dedicates himself to task and plans to frame his brother, George, Duke of Clarence , for conspiring to kill the King, and to have George sent to the Tower of London, by claiming George will murder Edward\'s heirs. He then tells his brother he will help him get out. Having confused and deceived the King, Richard proceeds with his plans after getting a warrant, and enlists two ruffians  to carry out his dirty work: George is murdered, drowned in a butt of wine. Though Edward had sent a pardon to Richard, Richard stopped it passing. Richard goes on to woo and seduce the Lady Anne , and though she hates him for killing her husband and father, she cannot resist and ends up marrying him. Richard then orchestrates disorder in the court, fueling rivalries, and setting the court against the Queen consort, Elizabeth . The King, weakened by exhaustion, appoints his brother, Richard, as Lord Protector, and dies soon after hearing of the death of George. Edward\'s son, soon to become Edward V , is met by Richard whilst en route to London. Richard has the Lord Chamberlain, Lord Hastings  arrested and executed, and forces the young King, along with his younger brother the Duke of York , to have a protracted stay at the Tower of London. With all obstacles now removed, Richard enlists the help of his cousin The Duke of Buckingham  to alter his public image, and to become popular with the people. In doing so, Richard becomes the people\'s first choice to become the new King. Buckingham had aided Richard on terms of being given the title of Earl of Hereford and the income from the accompanying land grant, but balks at the idea of murdering the two princes. Richard then asks a minor knight, Sir James Tyrrel , eager for advancement, to have young Edward and the Duke of York killed in the Tower of London. On requesting his earldom at Richard\'s coronation, Richard  shouts "I am not in the giving vein today!" Buckingham then fears for his life and joins the opposition against Richard\'s rule. Richard, now fearful due to his dwindling popularity, raises an army to defend his throne and the House of York against the House of Lancaster, led by Henry, Earl of Richmond , at Bosworth Field. Before the battle, however, Buckingham is captured and executed. On the eve of the battle, Richard is haunted by the ghosts of all those he has killed in his bloody ascent to the throne, and he wakes screaming. Richard composes himself, striding out to plan the battle for his generals, and gives a motivational speech to his troops. The two forces engage in battle, with the Lancastarians having the upper hand. Lord Stanley , whose loyalties had been questionable for some time, betrays Richard, and allies himself with Henry. Richard sees this and charges into the thick of battle, side-by-side with his loyal companion Sir William Catesby  in order to kill Richmond and end the battle quickly. Eventually Richard spots Richmond and they briefly engage in a duel before being interrupted by Stanley\'s men. Richard and Catesby are able to escape the oncoming forces, but, in doing so, Richard is knocked off his horse, loses his cherished crown, and becomes separated from Catesby, who is off seeking rescue. Searching desperately for Richmond, whom he has lost sight of, Richard cries out: "A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse!" Catesby finds the king and offers him withdrawal, but Richard refuses to flee. Catesby is then killed by Richmond\'s men without Richard even noticing. Richard then spots Lord Stanley, and engages him in single combat. Before a victor can emerge, the Lancastarian troops charge Richard, and fatally wound him. Richard convulses in several spasms and offers his sword to the sky before dying. Stanley orders Richard\'s body to be taken away, and then finds Richard\'s crown in a thorn bush. He then proceeds to offer it to Henry, leaving the crown of England in safe hands once again.'] ["{{plot}}, p.284. It is a tale about the downfall of the once-powerful Ichimonji clan after its patriarch Hidetora decides to give control of his kingdom up to his three sons: Taro, Jiro, and Saburo. Taro, the eldest, will receive the prestigious First Castle and become leader of the Ichimonji clan, while Jiro and Saburo will be given the Second and Third Castles. Hidetora will remain the titular leader and retain the title of Great Lord. Jiro and Saburo are to support Taro, and Hidetora illustrates this by using a bundle of arrows.This is based on a parable of Mori Motonari: he handed each of his sons an arrow and asked for them to snap it. After each snapped their arrows, he showed them three arrows and asked if they could snap them. When they all failed, Motonari preached how one arrow could be broken easily but three arrows could not. However, in Ran Saburo smashes the bundle across his knee and calls the lesson stupid. Saburo criticizes the logic of Hidetora's plan. Hidetora achieved power through violence and treachery, he reminds his father, yet he foolishly expects his sons to be loyal to him. Hidetora mistakes these comments for a threat; and, when his servant Tango comes to Saburo's defense, he banishes both of them. Later, Fujimaki, a warlord who had witnessed these events, invites Saburo to his dominions and offers him his daughter to marry. Following Hidetora's abdication, Taro's wife Lady Kaede begins pushing for Taro to take direct control of the Ichimonji clan, and engineers a rift between Taro and Hidetora. Lady Kaede resents Hidetora for massacring her family in a previous war and forcing her to marry Taro. Matters come to a head when Hidetora kills one of Taro's guards who was threatening his fool Kyoami. When Taro subsequently demands that Hidetora renounce his title of Great Lord, Hidetora storms out of the castle. He then travels to Jiro's castle, only to discover that Jiro is more interested in using Hidetora as a pawn in his own power play. Hidetora and his escort leave Jiro's castle to wander, finding no food in the villages abandoned by the peasants. Eventually Tango appears with provisions. In a moment of anger Hidetora orders his escort to burn the villages down. Tango intervenes and Hidetora learns from him of Taro's decree: death to whoever aids his father. Hidetora journeys thus to the Third Castle, which had been abandoned after Saburo's forces followed their lord into exile. Tango and Kyoami only do not follow him. They take shelter in the castle only to be ambushed by the combined forces of Taro and Jiro. In a horrific massacre that is the centerpiece of the film, all of Hidetora's bodyguards fall in battle, two of his concubines stab each other to death in a mutual suicide, the others are shot during the storming, and the castle is set on fire. Hidetora is left to commit seppuku. However, to his dismay, Hidetora's sword has been broken and he cannot. Instead of killing himself, Hidetora has a psychotic episode and wanders away from the burning castle, his attackers unable to kill him because of their low status and too awe-struck by his transformation to stop him. As Taro and Jiro's forces storm the castle, Jiro's general Kurogane assassinates Taro by shooting him down in the confusion of the battle. Hidetora is discovered wandering in the wilderness by Tango and Kyoami, who along with Saburo remain the only people still loyal to him. They take refuge in a peasant's home only to discover that the occupant is Tsurumaru, the brother of Lady Sué , whom Hidetora had ordered blinded years ago. Upon his return from battle, Jiro begins having an affair with Lady Kaede, who quickly becomes the power behind his throne. She demands that Jiro divorce his wife Lady Sué and marry her instead. When he does so, she also demands that he have Sué killed. Kurogane is given the order but he publicly disobeys and warns Jiro not to trust his wife. Instead he warns Sue and Tsurumaru to flee, who will eventually reach their former home, a ruined castle that Hidetora had destroyed in an earlier war. Meanwhile, Hidetora's party hides out in the remains of the same castle. At one point Tango chases two men from Hidetora's bodyguard who he discovers had betrayed their former master. As Tango fights and kills the two traitors, one of them says that Jiro is talking of trying to hunt down and kill Hidetora, and since Hidetora refuses with terror to meet his youngest son, Tango rides off to bring Saburo to Hidetora instead, while Kyoami stays to assist the mad man. In his madness Hidetora is haunted by horrific visions of the people he destroyed in his quest for power. The insanity finally becomes too much for him to bear; eluding his servant, he flees into the wilderness. With Hidetora's location a mystery and his plight now known, Saburo's army crosses back into the kingdom to find him. Alarmed at what he suspects is treachery by Saburo and by the entry of two rival warlords on Saburo's side, Jiro hastily mobilizes his army to stop them. The two forces meet on the field of Hachiman. Sensing a major battle, Saburo's new patron Fujimaki marches to the border. Another rival warlord, Ayabe, also shows up with his own army. After arranging a truce with Jiro, Saburo rides off to find Hidetora. Against the advice of Kurogane, Jiro orders an attack, and his forces are decimated by arquebus fire from Saburo's army, who had fled into the nearby wilderness for cover. In the middle of the battle, word reaches Jiro and Kurogane that Ayabe has slipped away with much of his army and is marching on the First Castle. Jiro's army promptly disintegrates and flees back to the castle. In the end, Saburo finds Hidetora. The two are reunited and Hidetora comes to his senses. However, Saburo is promptly shot and killed by shooters that Jiro had sent out earlier. Overcome with grief, Hidetora dies, marking the end of the Ichimonji clan. When Kurogane hears that Lady Sué has been finally murdered by one of Jiro's men, Kurogane beheads Lady Kaede after she admits that all of her actions were to avenge herself against the Ichimonji clan and destroy it. Jiro, Kurogane, and all Jiro's men die in the battle with Ayabe's army that follows. The film ends with a shot of Tsurumaru, blind and alone, on top of the ruined castle."] ['Seo Joo-Hee is a Horse Jockey who dreams of winning the Grand Prix championship. One day, she suffers an accident during a horse race and her beloved horse is put down and she injures her arm. She falls into depression and quits horse racing and decides to go to Jeju for a vacation. There, she meets Woo-suk, a fellow Horse Jockey who has previously won the championship. They fall in love and he helps and encourages her for comeback to Grand Prix Championship.'] ['Mike Battaglia, a powerful lieutenant in the D’Amico crime family, executes a large-scale hit on the family\'s enemies, earning a promotion to caporegime and the undying respect of his boss, godfather Charlie D\'Amico. Despite the Don\'s generosity, however, Battaglia secretly resents D\'Amico for passing him over as his successor. At the instigation of Ruthie, his wife, Battaglia murders D\'Amico and has his sons shipped off to Florida, clearing the way for him to assume control of the D\'Amico family. He becomes an underworld despot, deciding to kill anyone he suspects as a threat to his power, including former ally Bankie Como and his unconnected son, Philly, who survives an assassination attempt. At his coronation as boss, a drunken Battaglia alienates two more of the mob\'s powerful soldiers. Afraid that Battaglia\'s reign will spell the end of the D\'Amico family, several of Battaglia\'s underlings desert him and ally themselves with D\'Amico\'s eldest son, Mal. Battaglia puts a hit out on his chief rival, Matt Duffy, but the assassins cannot find him, instead murdering his wife and children. Determined to get revenge, Duffy comes to kill Battaglia, who arrogantly proclaims that "no man of woman born" can harm him. Duffy responds that he was delivered via caesarian section, and therefore was not technically born of a woman. Disposing of Battaglia, he clears the way for Mal to assume control of the family.'] ["A dark coming-of-age film, Samson follows its Jewish protagonist  from an anti-Semitic private school to a prison, then into a Jewish ghetto, and finally over the ghetto wall to the outside world. Wajda uses this journey as a means to explore expressionist cinematography and the weighty issues facing the Jewish people. The construction of the Jewish ghetto is communicated through a single, stationary shot. A shabbily dressed mass is clustered in front of the camera, and a pair of hands with a hammer and nails secures one board at a time, until the shot of people has been replaced with a shot of a wall. Through minimalism and simplicity, Wadja establishes a separation between the world of the impoverished Jew and the world outside the ghetto. The viewer looking on as the ghetto walls block the view of what happening inside, is made to feel detached from the horror inside. One question Wajda raises is that of Jewish solidarity and the guilt of being saved while one's brethren are suffering. Samson escapes from the Jewish ghetto but immediately wants to return. Although he could enjoy a comfortable life of cocktails and women, he'd rather be in the ghetto, collecting corpses off the streets. Samson argues that his place is with the Jews, that he should suffer alongside them. A fake-blond beauty offers a different take. She confides to Samson that she's Jewish and has been concealing her roots in order to avoid the ghetto. Although she argues passionately, Samson's emotional strength inevitably inspires her to accept her fate as a Jew. When Samson is bruised and exhausted, lying on the ground, he is encouraged by a close friend who says, “one man can suffer such blows and rise again.” For Wajda, this is the greatness displayed in Jewish history. Samson is a scrawny, haggard young man, who says very little and might almost border on boringly average; but he has the ability to rise again despite any blow, proving his strength of spirit."] ['Richard Steven Valenzuela  is a normal teenage boy who becomes a rock \'n\' roll superstar under the stage name Ritchie Valens. He meets and falls in love with fellow high school student Donna Ludwig , for whom he wrote a song that became a number one hit ([[Donna . However, Donna\'s father is shown as having issues with his daughter dating a Hispanic-American, which causes friction between Ritchie and Donna. The movie also has several subplots, such as his relationship with his mother Connie Valenzuela  and half-brother Bob Morales , and the jealousy Bob felt toward Ritchie because of Ritchie\'s success. In one scene, Bob won an important art contest that helps promising cartoonists, only to throw away his prize because, in his mind, his mother doesn\'t seem to care enough. Bob resorts to drinking heavily and, at one point, leads him to end up crying in front of his mother\'s door, yelling, "I want to see my daughter!" in reference to the child he sired with Ritchie\'s first girlfriend Rosie . However, when they get an opportunity, Ritchie and Bob sneak out for a good time. On one occasion, they take a road trip to Tijuana, visiting one of the local nightclubs where Ritchie discovers the song that would eventually become his signature song, "La Bamba".  The film also focuses on Ritchie\'s aviophobia , and a recurring dream he has as a result of a midair collision between two planes that actually occurred directly over Ritchie\'s school, in which Ritchie\'s best friend was crushed to death by one of the fallen aircraft . Eventually, Ritchie must conquer his fear when asked to perform his song "Donna" on American Bandstand. Ritchie\'s record producer and manager, Bob Keane , helps him by giving him a little vodka to calm his nerves during the flight to Philadelphia for the Bandstand appearance. As Ritchie becomes more famous, his responsibilities change. He has to go on the ill-fated Winter Party Dance Tour with Buddy Holly  and "The Big Bopper" ([[Stephen Lee  after his hits, "La Bamba" and "Donna", reach the top of the Billboard charts. Valens, Holly, and Bopper take off in an airplane during a snowstorm for their fateful flight on February 3, 1959 . Before the ill-fated flight, Ritchie makes a call to his brother, wherein they patch up their differences. He even invites Bob to fly out to Chicago to join the tour for family support. The next day, as Bob is fixing his mother\'s car, he hears the news bulletin on the radio that his brother\'s plane crashed without any survivors. Bob darts out of his driveway in an attempt to get to his mother before she hears the bad news through the radio. Unfortunately, by the time he gets there she stands immobile. The news hits the Valenzuela family, Bob Keane, and Donna very hard. In the final scene, the cars to Ritchie\'s funeral are shown driving slowly and Bob is seen walking over a bridge and screaming out Ritchie\'s name, remembering all the good times they had together , accompanied by the instrumental Sleep Walk. We then see Lou Diamond Phillips , backed by the Mexican American rock band Los Lobos, performing Valens\' version of "La Bamba" accompanied by the closing credits.'] ['The story is presented as a flashback of Max Eriksson , a Vietnam veteran. In November 1966, a squad of American soldiers is on patrol when they are suddenly attacked by the Viet Cong. The ground cracks under Eriksson while he walks above a Viet Cong tunnel, and he is stuck in the hole while mortar shells land near him. Unknown to him, a Viet Cong soldier in the tunnel below him prepares to silently kill him with a knife. Sergeant Tony Meserve  hears Eriksson, pulls him out of the hole, and shoots the Viet Cong soldier dead. Eventually, the Americans stave off the attack. The squad takes a break outside a river village in the Central Highlands. While relaxing and joking around, one of the squad members, SPC 4 "Brownie" Brown  is shot in the neck by Viet Cong across the river. The squad kills several enemies until they realize there\'s Viet Cong running through a flooded field behind them. One throws a grenade at Eriksson, but in a miraculous shot he blows up the grenade in mid-air with his M-79 grenade launcher. Brownie is evacuated but Meserve later informs the squad that he died at the hospital. Shortly afterward, Private Antonio Diaz  arrives as Brownie\'s replacement. The unit is then re-deployed to a nearby village, which is believed to be an ally to the Viet Cong. Because of their reassignment, the unit has their leave time cut short. Frustrated because his squad has been denied leave for an extended period, Meserve orders the squad to kidnap a Vietnamese girl, Than Thi Oanh , to be their sex slave. Eriksson strenuously objects, but Meserve silences him and ostracizes him from the rest of the squad. The girl is forcibly taken to the squad\'s next command outpost and is repeatedly beaten and raped by all the men but Eriksson. Oanh grows ill and develops a persistent cough. The squad is later ordered to take up a position near a railroad bridge overlooking a Viet Cong river supply depot. Meserve and Corporal Thomas E. Clarke  realize Oanh\'s coughing might give them away. Meserve has Diaz order air support for an assault on the depot, then orders Eriksson to kill Oanh. Eriksson staunchly refuses despite Meserve\'s death threats. Clarke looks out in the sky and sees a unit of Huey helicopters passing a mountain and then turning towards their position. Fearing the helicopters will somehow see their rape victim, Meserve first orders PFC Herbert Hatcher  to kill Oanh, but Hatcher begs Meserve not to, so then Meserve orders Diaz. Before Diaz can kill her, Eriksson fires his M-16 rifle into the air, exposing them to the nearby Viet Cong. As the battle rages, Eriksson, who is carefully picking off Viet Cong hiding behind a supply sampan on the river bank, doesn\'t realize that Clarke has brutally stabbed Oanh more than twice with his knife. Things become desperate when the Viet Cong move mortars up to the river and begin lobbing shells onto the bridge trapping the squad. Fortunately, Meserve is able to kill many of the enemy with his M-60 machine gun. In the midst of the firefight Oanh, whose wounds were not immediately fatal, walks onto the bridge to try to escape. Eriksson charges at her, trying to catch her but is stopped by Meserve, who knocks Eriksson down with the butt of his M-60. Eriksson watches helplessly as the entire squad shoots Oahn numerous times until she falls off the bridge, dead. The helicopter gunships then strafe the supply depot with rockets blowing it up but accidentally setting a passing U.S. Navy River Patrol Boat  on fire when the sampan explodes, killing all the crewmen. After the battle, Eriksson wakes up in a hospital. Meserve and the squad cover up the murder but Eriksson refuses to let the secret die. He jeopardizes both his life and military career  to expose the crime. Eventually, an attempt on Eriksson\'s life is made by Clarke, who tries to kill Eriksson while he is using the latrine. Eriksson takes action by confronting Meserve and his men, and using a shovel, strikes Clarke across the face, scaring the rest of the men and informing Meserve that he "told everyone and they don\'t care", Meserve calls him "dinky dow"  before Eriksson exits the tent. Eriksson meets a chaplain at the bar and tells him the story of the girl. There is an investigation and the four men who participated in the rape and murder are court martialed: Meserve receives ten years hard labor and a dishonorable discharge, Clarke is sentenced to life in prison, Private Herbert Hatcher receives fifteen years hard labor, Diaz receives eight years hard labor. As the four exit the court room, Meserve whispers something in Eriksson\'s ear, most likely a threat suggesting what Meserve might do to Eriksson once he is free from the stockade. At the end of the movie, Eriksson wakens from a nightmare (apparently a [[Flashback  to find himself on a MUNI J-Church in San Francisco, just a few seats from a Vietnamese-American student  who resembles the murdered girl. She disembarks at Dolores Park and forgets her scarf, and Ericksson runs after her to return it. As she thanks him and turns away, he calls after her in Vietnamese. She surmises that she reminds him of someone, and adds, "You had a bad dream, didn\'t you? It\'s over now, I think. Chào Ông [as a response to his greeting to her \'Chào Cô\' in Vietnamese]." They go their separate ways, Eriksson somewhat comforted.'] 