["The film emulates the 1968 trip made by Yvon Chouinard and Doug Tompkins to Patagonia, but rather than by land, Jeff Johnson travels by sea from Mexico and south along the west coast of Chile. The film opens with original home movie footage as taken by Chouinard and Tompkins, and then continues with Johnson's own footage, in which he includes surfing, sailing and climbing as the film follows Johnson signing on with a small boat heading for Chile, his being delayed for several weeks on Easter Island, his meeting travel partner Makohe, and in his reaching Patagonia, Johnson meeting with Chouinard and Tompkins. The film concludes with his attempt to climb Cerro Corcovado , an attempt that was halted 200 feet from the summit out of concerns for safety.{{cite news}}"] [" 10&nbsp;MPH follows the progress of Caldwell as he rides a Segway scooter across the United States from Seattle to Boston, stopping at many places along the way to interact with people. The film focuses on showing the dynamic nature of the US countryside as well as documenting the stories of people Caldwell and Weeks encounter along the way. 10&nbsp;MPH shows Caldwell, Weeks, and other members of the crew but also provides footage of the people they meet, both helpful and rude. For example, Caldwell and the crew are stopped by an Illinois police officer who admonishes them for traveling at {{Convert}} on a road with a {{Convert}} speed limit. The filmmakers also document their struggles, from the technical challenges of maintaining the Segway's batteries to the production challenge of losing a producer part way through the filming process."] ['The setting of the film is a riverboat cruise ship floating up the Yangtze river. Two young people are the focus of the film as they work aboard the ship. One is a sixteen-year old girl from a particularly poor family living on the banks of the Yangtze near Fengdu, named "Cindy" Yu Shui. She is followed as she leaves her family to work on one of the cruise ships serving wealthy western tourists at the same time as her family is being forced from their home due to the flooding that accompanied the building of the dam. The film shows her acclimatization to the consumer economy of tourism as well as modern technology of the cruise ships, juxtaposed with her family and other older citizens who are displaced from a rural lifestyle to cities where they must pay for the vegetables they used to grow on their own. The other main subject is a nineteen year old boy from a more prosperous family named "Jerry" Chen Bo Yu. Chen Bo Yu shows a different perspective as Yu Shui as he tries to earn cash on the ship as a porter and singer. The film is rich in detail about ways of life, dreams, and aspirations and is a great view into the reality of Chinese life.'] ['Morning Light is a documentary that follows the youngest crew <ref name Roberts | first  Jeremy Wilmot chosen as Morning Light skipper | publisher  April 26, 2007 | url 33026&RequestTimeOut 2008-08-06}}'] ["After some comical animations involving Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, the film shows Spurlock visiting various countries associated with or affected by Bin Laden. The film contains short interviews with many people about Bin Laden and Islamic fundamentalism, and about the US and its war on terror. Supposedly Spurlock searches for Bin Laden, and he even asks people at random in the street where he is. The film is intercut with images of Spurlock's wife in the late stages of her pregnancy. Much of Spurlock's commentary is based on the concerns of a new father. Spurlock visits Morocco, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Israel, Afghanistan, and Pakistan. In Afghanistan, guarded by about 21 Afghan soldiers he visits Tora Bora. A local government official is shown who wants to change it into an amusement park. Spurlock is also shown on a US Army patrol as an embedded journalist. Spurlock is shown hesitating to enter the area of Pakistan near the Afghan border where Bin Laden was, which is closed to foreigners, and deciding not to go there, arguing that it is not worth the risk. He concludes that the people in the countries he visited are ordinary people just like himself and the audience."] ['Herzog and cinematographer Peter Zeitlinger go to Antarctica to meet people who live and work there, and to capture footage of the continent\'s unique locations. Herzog\'s voiceover narration explains that his film will not be a typical Antarctica film about "fluffy penguins," but will explore the dreams of the people and the landscape. They begin at McMurdo Station and interview some maintenance and support workers, as well as iceberg geologist Douglas MacAyeal. They travel next to a nearby seal camp supervised by zoologist Olav Oftedal. Next they join the film\'s composer/producer, research diver Henry Kaiser at his diving camp, and interview cell biologist Samuel Bowser and zoologist Jan Pawlowski. Kaiser and Bowser stage a rooftop guitar concert. Herzog and Zeitlinger return to McMurdo for some more interviews, and visit the preserved original base of Ernest Shackleton. After some brief footage at the South Pole, Herzog interviews penguin scientist David Ainley. This footage includes a shot of a penguin marching in the wrong direction, walking to a certain death in the barren interior of the continent. Herzog and Zeitlinger next visit Mount Erebus, and interview volcanologists. A strange sequence follows which was shot in tunnels deep below the station carved from snow and ice. Various trinkets and mementos, including a can of Russian caviar and a whole frozen sturgeon, are placed in carved-out shelves in the ice walls, and preserved by the extremely cold and dry air. On the slope of the volcano, Herzog and Zeitlinger explore inside ice caves formed by fumaroles. The film next visits the launch of a giant helium balloon used in a neutrino detection project  and features an interview with physicist Peter Gorham. The film concludes with some philosophical words from a maintenance worker, and more footage from the fumarole ice caves and Kaiser\'s dives.'] ["Real life drama, humor, death-defying waves, rivalries, parties, heart-break, romance, injuries, and humanity all collide during the nearly two month competition on Hawaii's 7 Mile Miracle. The film follows multiple story lines over the course of the entire competition, taking the real-life events to construct a moving story."] ["Ann Haven , an aging movie actress, receives an urgent wire demanding that she immediately return to Hollywood to star in a new film. She is not thrilled with the idea, but decides to go anyway. She plans to leave New York for Los Angeles by train, bringing along her bold young daughter, Barbara . Unfortunately, the train is full so they have no choice but to stow away in a sleeping compartment. The berth belongs to a shy and introverted biochemistry professor from Harvard, Ollie J. Thrumm ([[James Warren . He ends up boarding the train in Chicago. Romance and complications ensue — including havoc from Ann's agent Johnny Pizer ."] ["In 1914, Shackleton set out to walk across the whole of Antarctica. While the South Pole had already been discovered, people had yet to make the cross-continent trek on foot. Before making landfall, however, his ship became trapped in the ice-flow of the Weddell Sea where he and his crew stayed for over 400 days.Shackleton's Antarctic Adventure. George Butler, director. WBGH Boston & White Mountain Films, 2001."] ['Cameron joins up aboard the Russian research vessel Akademik Mstislav Keldysh with a group of NASA scientists, as well as some American marine biologists, to investigate ten hydrothermal vents in both the Atlantic and Pacific. The vents have their own unique ecosystem, which support diverse organisms such as giant tube worms, swarms of blind white crabs, and vast amounts of shrimp which are capable of "seeing" water that is heated by the vents. These creatures do not require sunlight like other organisms, and instead obtain their energy from the vents. They are able to survive in the superheated and sulfurous water. Because of this, the documentary suggests that this is what life beyond Earth might look like. As some alien ecosystems are likely to be a lot harsher than a typical terrestrial ecosystem, these exotic vents provide an insight into some of the forms that alien life might take. The documentary shows Cameron\'s passion for exploring the oceans, as well as his interest in extraterrestrial life. It also showcases the technology employed to reach such depths. The film is similar to Cameron\'s earlier documentary, Ghosts of the Abyss , which involves him journeying to the wreck of the RMS Titanic. It too was filmed in the 3-D IMAX format.'] ['The film follows real-life animal tracker Ivan Marx as he attempts to capture the legendary Bigfoot on film. His search takes him across the United States, culminating in him finally filming Bigfoot near a river. Throughout the film, Marx relates many stories about both Bigfoot and his own life as a tracker. {{Expand section}}'] ["The film features the human history of the Grand Canyon area, being from the home of first Native American inhabitants to a major tourist destination. It portrays reenactments of the Anasazi people, European explorers, and the first expedition led by Major John Wesley Powell. The ending of the film features flight with a bird's-eye view following a lone, orange ultralight aircraft piloted by someone in a white helmet."] ['The plot is loosely connected to the documental stories published in Jim Corbett\'s 1944 bestselling book "Man-Eaters of Kumaon".Jim Corbett 1944. Man-Eaters of Kumaon. Oxford University Press Narrator of the film is Jim Corbett. In the film, Corbett, who is portrayed by Christopher Heyerdahl, is asked to kill a man-eating tiger who killed a young woman in Kumaon. Corbett arrives to Kumaon and meets with local people. The sister  of the victim takes Corbett to the killing site. They together ambush the man-eater and Corbett kills the tiger from the machan. During this plot, the narration  contains stories of the history of India and the Kumaon region, as well as the efforts to save Indian tigers.'] ['Chronos is 42 minutes long and has no actors or dialog. The soundtrack consists of a single continuous piece by composer Michael Stearns. Filmed in dozens of locations on five continents, the film relates to the concept of time passing on different scales—the bulk of the film covers the history of civilization, from pre-history to Egypt to Rome to Late Antiquity to the rise of Western Europe in the Middle Ages to the Renaissance to the modern era. It centers on European themes but not exclusively. Other time scales include the passing of seasons, and the passing of night and day, and the passing shadows of the sun in an afternoon to the passing of people on the street. These themes are intermingled with symbolic meaning.'] 