['Reporter Sadie Blake has just published a notable article featuring a secret Gothic party scene. The very night following the publication, one of Sadie\'s sources, Tricia Rawlins, is invited by her friend Kaitlyn to an isolated house in which such a party is to take place. Tricia is reluctant to enter with the curfew set by her strict father, so Kaitlyn goes alone. When she does not return, Tricia becomes worried and enters the house as well. To her horror, she finds Kaitlyn in the basement with two vampires hanging onto her and drinking her blood. She tries to hide, but the vampires find her quickly. The next day, Sadie learns of the girl\'s death and decides to investigate the matter. She soon attracts the interest of the vampire cult, who kidnap her and bring her in for questioning. Following that, she is raped and murdered by the vampires. To her surprise, Sadie abruptly awakes inside the cold box of a morgue. She escapes, but in the course of the following hours she finds to her horror that she has turned into a vampire herself. She attempts suicide by throwing herself off a bridge, but is found and taken in by fellow vampire Arturo who is less blood-thirsty and more benevolent than his brethren. Though his true motives are unclear &mdash; a power struggle between Arturo and the leader of Sadie\'s killers, Bishop, is mentioned &mdash; he helps Sadie to cope with her new condition and trains her to fight when she announces her intent to get revenge on her murderers. Sadie tracks the vampires across the state, killing them one by one, while at the same time fighting the urge to consume blood from human victims. She soon crosses paths with Detective Clyde Rawlins, Tricia\'s father, who has taken upon himself to avenge his daughter\'s death despite the objections of his superiors and colleagues. At first he takes Sadie for an enemy, but in time he recognizes that she is not of the same breed as Tricia\'s killers, and they team up in their pursuit of Bishop, the last survivor of the band. They track him to an abandoned stable complex, where they find not only Bishop but also Tricia, now a vampire, who now openly voices her resentment and anger for her father. A hard fight ensues in which the evil vampires temporarily gain the upper hand. Sadie is left hanging upside down to slowly bleed to death, she is saved by Rawlins. The pair then turn the table against their enemies. After Tricia and Bishop are killed, Sadie asks Rawlins to kill her too. She cannot bear the thought of having to give in to her bloodthirst and that she, since she is already dead, could never see her mother and sister again. Reluctantly, Rawlins grants her request and stabs her with a silver crossbow bolt. Once again, Sadie\'s body ends up in the morgue, but we see her come back to "life" again once more as the end credits begin to roll.'] ['Charley Brewster  is a teenager living in a suburb of Las Vegas, Nevada, who discovers that a new neighbor has moved in next door to him. Charley\'s former best friend, "Evil" Ed Lee , informs him that many fellow students have gone missing. When Charley goes home after school, his mother  introduces him to Jerry Dandrige , their new neighbor. Charley becomes fed up with Ed after he claims that Jerry is a vampire. On his way home, Ed is confronted by Jerry, who bites him. The next day, Charley realizes that Ed is missing and decides to investigate. As Jerry begins to attack more people throughout the neighborhood, Charley sneaks into Jerry\'s house and finds out that he keeps his victims in secret rooms. Charley goes to Las Vegas magician Peter Vincent , a supposed expert on vampires. Peter doesn\'t take him seriously, and kicks him out. Jerry comes to Charley\'s house and sets fire to it. Charley, his mother, and his girlfriend, Amy Peterson , barely escape with their lives, fleeing through the desert in their minivan. Jerry catches up with them, but is wounded by Charley\'s mother . Charley\'s mother is admitted to a hospital, where Charley is summoned by Peter. Upon arriving at Peter\'s penthouse, Jerry and Ed, now a vampire, attack Charley, Amy, and Peter. Charley reluctantly kills Ed, while Amy injures Jerry with holy water. They then run into a club, where they get separated in the crowd. Amy is bitten and taken by Jerry. Peter refuses to help Charley and reveals that both of his parents were killed by a vampire . He does, however, give Charley a stake blessed by Saint Michael that will kill Jerry and turn all of his victims back into humans. Charley goes to Jerry\'s house where Peter decides to join him after all. They are led into Jerry\'s basement, where they are attacked by many of Jerry\'s victims, now vampires, including Amy. Charley, having outfitted himself in a flame-retardant suit, lights himself on fire in order to burn and disorient Jerry while he tries to stake him. Peter assists him by shooting a hole in the floor above to allow sunlight in which burns Jerry, then tossing Charley the stake which Charley dropped. Charley quickly stabs Jerry in the heart, killing him and returning his victims to their human form. Afterwards, Charley\'s mother recovers from the hospital and goes to shop for a new house as Charley and Amy make love in Peter\'s penthouse.'] ['In Seattle, a city not far from Forks, Victoria  attacks and bites Riley Biers , in order to begin creating an army of newborns set to destroy Bella Swan . Back in Forks, Edward Cullen  and Bella discuss the complications of becoming an immortal vampire. At 18 years old, one year older than the age Edward was when he became a vampire, Bella expresses her aversion to the idea of marrying so young, though Edward refuses to turn her until they are married and she\'s had various human experiences she would otherwise miss. While Charlie Swan ([[Billy Burke  investigates the disappearance of Riley Biers, Edward suspects his disappearance was caused by the newborn vampires. Furthering his suspicions is the intrusion of Riley into Bella\'s room. Although Edward fears for her safety, Bella insists that Jacob Black  and the rest of the werewolf pack would never harm her, but Edward is still not convinced. Bella goes to La Push to see Jacob, and returns home unharmed. During one of her visits, Jacob confesses that he is in love with Bella, and forcefully kisses her. Furious, she punches him and breaks her hand, and Edward later threatens Jacob and tells him to only kiss her if she asks him to. Bella even revokes the invitations of Jacob and his pack members to her graduation party, but when Jacob apologizes for his behavior, she forgives him. Meanwhile, Alice  sees a vision that the newborn army is attacking Forks led by Riley Biers. Jacob, accompanied by Quil  and Embry  overhear this, which leads to an alliance between the Cullens and Wolf pack. Later, the Cullens and the wolves agree to a meeting place and time to train and discuss strategy. During the training Jasper  explains to Bella that he was created by a vampire named Maria to control a newborn army. He hated his original existence and upon meeting Alice, joined the Cullens with her. Bella sees the true bond between a mated vampire pair and begins to understand Jasper better. Despite her reluctance to marry, Bella realizes that spending eternity with Edward is more important to her than anything else and agrees to marry him. Edward and Bella camp up in the mountains to hide Bella from the bloodthirsty newborns. During the night, Bella overhears a conversation between Edward and Jacob, in which they temporarily put aside their hatred towards each other. In the morning, Jacob overhears Edward and Bella discussing their engagement and becomes very upset. Before he can run off to get himself killed in the fight with the newborns, Bella desperately asks him to kiss her, and she realizes that she has fallen in love with him. Edward finds out about the kiss but is not angry, as Bella says she loves him more than Jacob. When Victoria finds Bella\'s hiding spot, Edward kills her while Seth kills Riley. The Cullens and the Quileute wolves, meanwhile, destroy her "army", though Jacob is injured saving Leah Clearwater from a newborn. Several members of the Volturi arrive to deal with the newborn army. They also see that the Cullens are guarding the newborn, Bree Tanner , who had refused to fight and surrendered to Carlisle. Jane  tortures Bree to get information, then instructs Felix to kill her, despite the Cullens\' efforts to spare her. When Jane notes that Caius will find it interesting that Bella is still human, Bella informs her that the date for her transformation has been set. Bella visits the injured Jacob to tell him that even though she is in love with him, she has chosen to be with Edward. Saddened by her choice, Jacob reluctantly agrees to stop trying to come between her and Edward. Bella and Edward go to their meadow, where she tells him she has decided to do things his way: get married, make love, then be transformed into a vampire. She also explains that she never has been normal and never will be; she\'s felt out of place her entire life, but when she is in Edward\'s world she feels stronger and complete. At the end of the story they decide they need to tell Charlie about their engagement.'] 