['After running away from a shoot out, the outlaw Jaime falls to the edge of a river, where he is helped by two beautiful young women. He becomes involved romantically with Dorinha, daughter of a farmer and, because of his love for her, kills her father. When escaping the arrest, Jaime has to face Xavier, a bloodthirsty outlaw who plans to avenge the father of Dorinha. Marins appears as Gregorio, a gunman of the flock of Xavier. Marins also wrote the lyrics of the ten songs of the soundtrack. In 1964, the film was relaunched with an extra dose of sex, having included a new scenes with about ten minutes in the brothel.'] ["Best friends Clay Clayburn and Will Denning graduate from West Point and visit their friend and fellow graduate Braxton at his Georgia plantation in 1861. Clay had once loved Braxton's wife Kathy and still does. When war is declared they soon find themselves fighting on opposite sides of the Civil War. By 1864, Clay now an Field Artillery Major in the Confederacy is renown for accepting but surviving suicide missions. He is given another. To delay General Sherman's March to the Sea, a local guide can lead a party of men and their disassembled cannon inside caves that lead to the top of Devil's Mountain where a battery of guns can destroy the railroad and the Union troop and supply trains that travel it, buying time for the Confederacy. Devil's Mountain is coincidentally near Braxton  and Kathy's old plantation where Kathy remains with her uncle. Kathy agrees to monitor the activities of the Northern invaders and signal Clay's outpost from her window through a mirror by day and a lantern by night. Through her activities, Clay's men are notified of the arrival two supply trains and destroy both of them. Arriving at the plantation is Will, who is now a Major in the Union Field Artillery. When the two men meet each other in combat, neither knows it as each is in an artillery position hundreds of yards from the other. However, the love of Clay's life, Kathy Summers, does know and tries desperately to save her two good friends from killing each other. The Union Field Artillery cannot achieve the elevation or range with their cannon to clear the Confederate guns at the top of the mountain. Inside the mountain, the Union Infantry cannot find the path to the top and are delayed by Confederate snipers. As the railroad line has been blocked by two destroyed trains, Union headquarters send a giant Naval gun manned by sailors and mounted on a flat car that has the capability to wipe out the Confederates. Kathy is able to supply Clay's guns with wire from her piano that is used to reinforce the barrel of one of Clay's guns that with a double charge and maximum elevation is able to destroy the Naval Gun and further block the railroad line. Will has Union Army Engineers mine the inside of the mountain with explosives that will literally blow the top of the mountain. Kathy wishes to act as a mediator to get Clay and his men to surrender that the Union army is keen on as it will save time. However, Clay calculates that the explosion will send the cliff down over the railway line further blocking the Union."] ["The story has three themes which run concurrently through the film. A stagecoach carrying a rich widow home to her family's hacienda. A war party of Indians, returning to their village; and two fur traders waiting to meet a different group of Indians with whom they trade. The war party attacks the other Indians, and kills their leader, who owns a magnificent white stallion. White Bull  attempts to capture the horse, but it is too quick, and makes off carrying the dead chief. Pike  and Henry  wait in vain for the traders, and are then attacked themselves by the war party. Henry is killed, the Indians take the trader's horses, and Pike is left alone with only a mule. Travelling alone, he comes across the ritual funeral of the dead chief. He saves the white stallion from ritual slaughter, abandons his mule, and continues his travels. The Medicine Man conducting the ritual was accidentally killed while Pike was taking the horse. The war party finds the stage coach, attacks it, kills the driver, guard, and one of the passengers, and then leaves White Bull to ransack the coach and passengers of all valuables. He gathers a hoard of jewels and other valuable items,takes a white servant girl for himself, and leaves the survivors standing in the desert. One of the survivors,a priest, takes a coach horse and rides off to alert the hacienda. The story then becomes a four-way chase. After gaining the white stallion from Pike, White Bull, the girl, the treasure and the stallion continue towards his village; Pike goes after the stallion; a posse from the hacienda sets out to recover the coach passengers and the girl, and members of the Medicine Man's tribe seek to avenge his death. After a series of to-and-fro adventures, the film ends with White Bull riding off alone with the stallion; Pike standing watching him go - utterly defeated; the girl behind him, still waiting to be rescued."] ["Fur trapper Brule Conway sets Rin Tin Tin Jr. to guard his furs. The henchmen of a rival trapper use a female dog to lure Rinty away from his post, and then proceed to steal the stash of furs. Rinty sets out to capture the thieves and return his master's furs."] ['The film begins with scenes of life in Wyoming Territory, where new settlers join the cattle business by finding stray, unbranded cattle, called "mavericks", on public land. The narrator explains that established ranchers use the so-called "maverick law" against the settlers, while "sharp-witted men" take advantage of the resulting conflict. After this introduction, Jim Averell  is shown exhorting settlers to elect him governor to defend them against cattle barons such as Reece Duncan . When Averell\'s speech is over, the famous stage performer Kate Maxwell  arrives with a group of showgirls. Averell has arranged for Kate to operate both a cattle-buying business and a saloon. Duncan warns Kate that he will kill anyone caught stealing cattle on his land, and Sheriff Stan Blaine  warns her of an impending war over the cattle business. The tension between Duncan and the settlers rises as the settlers search for mavericks on Duncan\'s land and outlaws hired by Averell steal Duncan\'s cattle. Averell designed the "K-M" brand for Kate\'s cattle business in such a way that her branding iron completely covers Duncan\'s "bar double check" brand when applied directly over it. When Averell explains this trick to Kate, he makes it clear to her that she will be hanged as a rustler if she informs the authorities, and Duncan refuses her offer to support him against Averell. Meanwhile, unknown gunfighters assemble in the nearby hills, and one of them shoots a settler. After Duncan attempts to stop a cattle roundup organized by Averell and the settlers, one of his men is killed, with Kate\'s branding iron left near the body. To further increase the tension, Averell offers Duncan his support against the settlers immediately after inciting their anger against Duncan. Averell\'s plan is to ignite a cattle war and promote his own political career by providing leadership once the war has begun. However, Blaine discovers Averell\'s plan. After Blaine and Kate have explained it to their men, they stage a fake war, and Blaine forces Averell to signal his men. When the outlaws ride into town, they begin a gunfight against both Duncan\'s men and the settlers. After Averell shoots Blaine, Kate catches him stealing money from the saloon, and when he tries to shoot her, she and Blaine kill him. After the fight, Blaine prepares to leave town, but Kate persuades him to stay with her. The film ends as they ride away to inspect some farmland for a new home.'] ['{{plot}} The Virginia Brothers, a team of acrobats, along with a dozen of Stengel\'s henchmen, rob the town bank. The acrobat are able to jump into the banks uppermost window and kill all the guards. The robbers then load the town safe into a wagon and escape with 100,000 dollars. Just as they leave the town, Sabata  rides in. Outside the town saloon, Carrincha has been tossed into the street for not having any money. Seeing his friend Alley Cat, Carrincha yells at him, and starts to rant about how dull civilian life is, then seeing Sabata , continues about how his Civil War medal couldn\'t even be traded for a bottle of whiskey. Sabata, sympathetic, takes out a silver dollar and tosses it into Carrincha\'s hand. Carrincha happily re-enters the saloon and buys a drink. Sabata enters the saloon, and notices that an old man is being cheated out of his money in a dice game. Drawing his pistol, he blows apart the dice, saying that they are loaded. A man, eating dinner across the saloon starts to stand up, but Sabata aims at him and orders him to sit down. Turning back to the dice game, Sabata reaches into his pocket and pulls out a pair of non loaded dice, which he uses to win the old man his money back. The man whom Sabata ordered to sit down starts to surreptitiously draw a gun, but Sabata quick-draws and blasts out the front legs of the chair which the man was sitting on, causing him to fall face first into his food. At that moment, Banjo starts to play a melody on his banjo. The man screams at him to stop, and Banjo complies, saying  that he thought the man liked music with his supper. Carrincha starts to boast that he once saw Sabata kill twenty men in ten seconds on a pitch black night. A mortally wounded bank guard bursts into the saloon, tells everyone the bank\'s been robbed, and dies. Everyone panics, running to the bank. The local military commander will have to be told, and posse formed in the morning. The robbers  are riding away from the town, when they notice Sabata is standing in their path, 6-700 yards ahead of them. Aiming a rifle at the robbers, Sabata yells at them to go back to the town. One of the robbers turns to a friend and says "There isn\'t a Winchester going that can shoot half that distance." before being shot and killed by Sabata. Sabata uses his rifle to kill six more robbers. He takes the wagon back to town. In the morning, just as the military and posse are planning how to go about the manhunt, Sabata rolls in with the safe and the bodies of the robbers. Carrincha is impressed that Sabata killed seven people, but is dismayed that he accepted a lousy 5,000 dollars when he could have taken the entire 100,000 from the safe. Sabata replies that although it is lousy, it\'s legal. Later, Sabata walks into the town\'s hotel and rents a room, tossing a coin onto the front desk. He encounters Banjo, whom he apparently knows. Banjo says that he can barely recognize Sabata, because he returned the safe. While this occurs, Stengel discusses the robbery with Ferguson and O\'Hara. O\'Hara is scared that the dead robbers will be linked to them. He accuses Stengel of foolishness, revealing that the reason Stengel engineered the robbery was to get money to buy land, which will vastly increase in value when the railroad has to pay him for permission to lay tracks over it. O\'Hara continues by saying that he is leaving the town for good. Stengel points his dart gun  at O\'Hara and threatens to kill him if he leaves town. After O\'Hara leaves, Stengel tells Ferguson that he sent his top henchman, Oswald, and some men to take care of the Virginia Brothers, who can be witnesses against him. Oswald meets with the Virginia Brothers at their hideout so that he can pay them. However this a ruse, Oswald and his men double-crosses the Virginia Brothers and kills them. One of Oswald\'s underlings ask him what they should do about the Virginia Brothers\' wagon, which was still in the town. Oswald said that he sent three men to take care of it. In the town, Sabata is talking with Carrincha. He has deduced that acrobats were involved in the robbery . The only acrobats in town are the Virginia Brothers, and they have mysteriously disappeared, leaving their wagon behind. As they discuss it, the three men come into town and start to leave with the wagon. Realizing that they are involved, Sabata yells at them to get away from the wagon. They resist, and Sabata kills them. Carrincha recognizes them as Stengel\'s men, which makes it all clear to Sabata. Later that night, Oswald returns to Stengel\'s ranch  to tell him that the job is done. They meet in the Stengel\'s main room, which is a large room decorated with historical items. On both sides of the room, there are metal shields shaped to look like people, except with a hole where the heart should be. Stengel, after being briefed, tells Oswald that now only he can link him to the robbery. Watching Stengel load a dueling pistol, Oswald realizes that he is going to be murdered. Drawing his revolver, Oswald retreats to one of the shields, while Stengel retreats to the other. Oswald fires a couple of rounds into Stengel\'s shield, but none go into the hole where the heart is. Stengel, on the other hand, fires one shot which goes through Oswald\'s hole, and into his chest, killing him. Sabata, who had been watching the whole thing, fires a couple of rounds near him and then rides off into the night. Stengel, with a bunch of men, runs off onto his porch. Sabata, hidden in the night, calls out that he has the Virginia Brothers\' wagon, which is evidence against him, and that if Stengel wants it back, it will cost 10,000 dollars. Stengel tells Sabata that if he comes over, he\'ll get the money. Sabata has a separate wagon with a record player on it ride into the Stengel ranch unmanned. The record player gives off Sabata\'s voice prerecorded. Thinking that Sabata is in the wagon, Stengel and his men fire into it. However, the only thing inside is dynamite. When the wagon explodes, Sabata, still hidden in the night, calls out to Stengel and says that now the price is 20,000 dollars. Sabata returns to the town and sits out on a porch, acting like he was there the entire time. Banjo comes out and commends Sabata on giving Stengel a run for his money. Sabata claims that he hasn\'t moved from his spot the whole night. Banjo replies that then he\'d better keep his horse tied up, lest anyone think otherwise. The next day, Banjo tells Sabata  that he has learned that Stengel has no intention of paying the 20,000. Not long after Banjo\'s visit, four gunman raid Sabata\'s room. They fire at Sabata\'s reflection in a mirror. Sabata guns down three of the killers, then hunts down the fourth but allows him to live. Sabata tells Stengel that the price now is 30,000 dollars. Stengel tells Ferguson that Sabata will never stop blackmailing them now, and that they need an outsider. Ferguson then hires a hitman named Sharky . In the saloon, Carrincha is attempting to pawn off his Civil War medal to Banjo, who won\'t take it . Two more hitmen enter the saloon. While one holds the saloon patrons captive, the other goes up into Sabata\'s room. Sabata kills the first hitman, and the second is killed by Carrincha, for having called him a "lice-breeder". The town\'s Catholic priest, Father Brown, has Sabata meet him to discuss his recent killing spree. When Sabata arrives, he meets an assassin disguised as Brown who has been hired by Stengel. During their conversation, he attempts to surreptitiously draw a gun hidden in a handkerchief. He stops, however, when Sabata offers him a bag of money in donation. When the paid killer pulls the bag away, a string connecting Sabata\'s hand to the trigger of Sabata\'s gun  pulls tight. The gun goes off, killing the would-be assassin. Sabata promptly get Stengel and tells him that now the price is 60,000 dollars. Stengel tells him that he\'ll have it tomorrow. As Sabata walks away, Stengel desperately aims a rifle at Sabata\'s back, but stops when he notices that Banjo is watching him across the street. Five men from Denver come into town looking for Banjo, who kills them with a rifle concealed in his banjo. The next day, at the meeting place, Banjo attempts to kill Sabata, but Sabata shoots the rifle out of Banjo\'s hands. He demands to know how much Banjo was paid, and when Banjo doesn\'t answer, he fires three warning shots. Thinking that Sabata is out of bullets, Banjo dives for his rifle, which Sabata shoots away with a barrel hidden in the grip of his pistol. Sabata asks how much Banjo will get for killing him. Banjo replies he was offered $100,000, the total amount of theft. Then he orders him to go. Ferguson, who watched the situation, also leaves. Later, Stengel gives Banjo another chance to kill Sabata, warning him not to fail this time. Sabata suddenly appears, and Stengel immediately orders his men to pursue. The men follow Sabata through a canyon pass, who after reaching cover removes his costume, revealing he is in fact Alley Cat in Sabata\'s trademark black wardrobe. Alley Cat is propelled above the pass when Sabata shoots a bag of rocks that land on a prepared trampoline where Alley Cat stands on. The Stengel’s men are ambushed by Carrincha and Sabata. Triggering dynamite explosions, cause a landslide of rocks that trap Stengel\'s minions down the canyon pass, without any possibility of escape. After that, Sabata, Carrincha, and Alley Cat prepare to raid the Stengel’s ranch, using dynamite placed in strategic locations. During this operation, one of Stengel\'s men is killed and placed in a position to make it appear he has fallen asleep, which keeps the others from raising an alarm while Sabata, Carrincha, and Alley Cat work to lay their traps. When the attack begins, Stengel runs inside his fort with his remaining men. Judge O\'Hara, who has long harbored doubts about Stengel\'s strategy, sees that the battle may be lost and leaves the ranch. Sabata and his friends enjoy the advantage of complete surprise. Many men are shot dead by Sabata and Carrincha, or killed by dynamite thrown by Alley Cat while they attempt to hold Sabata and Carrincha off with a Gatling gun. Stengel and his few remaining followers take refuge in the house. Inside, they are dispatched by Carrincha and Sabata. Ferguson also dies after being shot in the head  Finally, Sabata comes face to face with Stengel, who being in the room where he earlier dispatched Oswald, believes he has the advantage of knowing how to win a duel  Before shooting, Stengel made a mention about the superiority of men, saying that it lies in having the right final card. Sabata says he does not play, and fired a shot to the cane of Stengel. The cane is booby-trapped to fire a poison dart, and it shoots out and penetrates Stengel\'s chest, killing him. Sabata and his friends go out, apparently victorious. Suddenly Banjo appears and shoots Sabata, grazing his neck. While Sabata rubs his wound, Banjo asks for the 100,000 dollars. Sabata explains it is in the bank, to be paid by Judge O\'Hara\'s to save his reputation. They agree to have a duel the next day in the town. Banjo fires before the countoff is over, thus gaining the drop on Sabata. He fires, and Sabata falls, apparently dead. Wordlessly, Carrincha covers his friend, a crestfallen Alley Cat by his side. Banjo receives the reward and takes the corpse of Sabata, saying he will take charge of its burial. Banjo leads the wagon on the outskirts of town, where he attempts to dump the wagon and ride away with the money. But the bag is shot from his hand by Sabata, who has faked his death, rising from the wagon with rifle in hand. As Carrincha and Alley Cat ride up behind the wagon, Sabata tells Banjo he will lose most of the money and settle the reward in half with Carrincha. Sabata proceeds to load the money bag on his horse, but not before giving a good amount for Carrincha. Then, with an apparent second thought, he leaves a wad of money behind for Banjo. As Banjo stoops to pick it up, Sabata shoots the wad, scattering the bills into a sudden gust of wind and tells Banjo "You\'ll have to work for it," Banjo chases after the flittering paper, catching a few as the wind carries most of rest into a nearby stream. Carrincha asks: "Hey friend, who the hell are you?" With a laugh, Sabata replies: "Didn\'t I ever mention it?" as he rides away. Carrincha offers Alley Cat a stray bill, but Alley Cat refuses. Carrincha then takes a large share of his own haul and hands them to Alley Cat, who stuffs the money into his vest with a smile. Carrincha says they are still partners. Sabata rides away in search of new adventures.'] ["Jess Wade, a former member of a gang of outlaws led by Vince Hackett, is tricked into believing that an old flame of his and Vince's, Tracy Winters, wanted to meet him in a seedy Mexican saloon. Jess later sees Billy Roy Hackett, Vince's younger brother, summoning Vince and the other members of the gang into the saloon. Jess, realizing he was set up, orders the bar patrons to leave as a shoot out later ensues. After making a break for the door Jess is later stopped by another gang member, Gunner, and is trapped. Forcing Jess to relinquish his gun and to go with them to their hideout in the mountains, Vince later tells him that the gang had stolen a gold-plated cannon that was used by Emperor Maximilian in his ill-fated fight against popular Mexican leader Benito Juarez. After explaining to him about them stealing the cannon, Vince tells Jess that he let the word get out that, although a now-deceased member of the gang named Norm was the one who helped steal the cannon that it was Jess who stole it and had sustained a neck wound as a result of being shot by one of the guards, according to a wanted poster out on him. Ordering his men to subdue Jess on the ground, Vince takes a branding iron and burns a wound to his neck. taking Jess' horse, Vince and the gang later leaves Jess and takes off. The gang's motive is to force a ransom from the town they stole the cannon from, but the gang also uses the cannon to hold the townspeople at bay. Only Wade can save the people from his former gang."] ['In the future, Federal Marshal William O\'Niel  is assigned to a tour of duty in a titanium ore mining outpost on the Jovian moon of Io. Conditions on Io are difficult: gravity is 1/6 that of Earth\'s with no breathable atmosphere, spacesuits are cumbersome, and miners carry their own air supply. Shifts are long, but significant bonuses are paid. Sheppard  boasts that since he took over the running of Io, productivity has broken all previous records. The film begins with a miner named Tarlow suffering an attack of delirium tremens ripping open his work-suit, resulting in his death by decompression. Later, another miner, Cane, goes outside without his spacesuit, and likewise dies from decompression. With the assistance of Dr. Lazarus , O\'Niel investigates the deaths. However, another incident happens involving a worker, Sagan, who takes a prostitute hostage and threatens to kill her with a knife. O\'Niel attempts to calm the man by the main door, while Montone , O\'Niel\'s sergeant, sneaks in via the air duct. Montone kills Sagan with a shotgun before O\'Niel can talk with him. O\'Niel and Lazarus discover that all of the deaths had one thing in common, traces of an amphetamine-type drug in the bloodstream, allowing the miners to work continuously for days at a time, until they "burn out" and turn psychotic. O\'Niel uncovers a drug distribution ring run by Sheppard and sanctioned by Montone. Using surveillance cameras, O\'Niel finds and captures one of Sheppard\'s dealers, placing him in isolation. But before he can be questioned the dealer is killed. Montone is then found garroted. O\'Niel does find and destroy the latest shipment of drugs which were hidden in a food shipment from the Jupiter space station. When Sheppard finds out what O\'Niel did he calls in professional hitmen to kill him. O\'Niel is ready, though, since he has been monitoring Sheppard\'s communications. At this point, the movie evolves into a High Noon scenario as O\'Niel waits as a digital clock countdowns the time for the arrival of a shuttle from the space station on the other side of Jupiter. Knowing the assassins are on their way on the arriving shuttle, and with only Dr. Lazarus willing to help him, as his "last act" O\'Niel sends a message to his wife and son, promising them that he will join them on the trip home to Earth. When the hit men arrive, O\'Niel tracks them and ambushes each, killing them one by one. He is then confronted by Sheppard\'s "inside man", who turns out to be one of his own deputies, Sgt. Ballard. The two fight outside the base until O\'Niel pulls Ballard\'s oxygen hose, suffocating him. O\'Niel then confronts the surprised Sheppard in the base recreation bar, knocking him out with one punch. It is implied that Sheppard will now either be murdered by his own accomplices or brought to justice. O\'Niel retires and leaves on the shuttle to join his wife and son on the trip back to Earth.'] ['Drifter William Bonney , known as \'Billy the Kid\' loses his horse and is befriended by cattle boss Tunstall, known as \'The Englishman\', who is soon murdered by corrupt rival cattlemen led by the local sheriff. Bonney\'s plan for revenge, hunting down and killing all responsible via provoking gunfights endangers not only his surviving friends, but the territorial amnesty proclaimed by New Mexico governor Lew Wallace, causing his former friend Pat Garrett to finally become a sheriff and hunt him down. Meanwhile groupie Moultrie sends material fictionalizing and lionizing him back East, where it is turned into dime novels that make Billy the Kid a legend, causing Billy to confront Moultrie and throw his kit of materials in his face in rejection, ending in Moultrie betraying him to Garrett to eliminate the embarrassing real-life character so that his fictionalized version won\'t be disturbed. This leads to the finale where Garrett kills the exhausted discouraged Bonney after he faces him with an empty holster in an apparent attempt at "suicide by cop".{{cite book}}'] ['In 1898, two men are released from the Arizona Territorial Prison. One, mining engineer and geologist Peter Van Hoek , the "Dutchman", tells the warden he was framed for the robbery of a gold shipment from the Lisbon Mine. The other, John McBain , killed Bascomb, the man who had cheated him out of his land. The two men head separately to the town of Prescott, where neither is welcome. The marshal, whom Van Hoek accuses of framing him, orders him to leave town on the next stagecoach, at sundown the next day. When the Dutchman gets a room at the hotel, he meets fellow guest Ada Winton, the lonely mistress of Cyril Lounsberry . Meanwhile, McBain rescues Mexican Anita  when she is accosted on the street by some men. Though Leslie (Adam Williams, the deputy, saves McBain\'s life in the ensuing fight, he gives McBain the same deadline to leave, even though McBain\'s folks settled the township. A grateful Anita invites McBain to stay in her place, and the two are attracted to each other. The Dutchman gets Sample  to introduce him to Lounsberry. Lounsberry had married Bascomb\'s homely sister for her money. Van Hoek offers to sell him gold ore from an extremely rich deposit that only he knows about. It is worth at least $200,000, but Van Hoek will be satisfied with half that amount in cash. He lies when Lounsberry jokingly asks if it is from his wife\'s Lisbon Mine. The prospect of being a rich man in his own right and leaving for Europe with Ada makes Lounsberry agree. Van Hoek recruits a reluctant McBain and demolition expert Vincente  for his scheme. They time it so the explosion needed to extract the ore goes off as the same time as the regular blasting. They get the ore out, but when Van Hoek and McBain take it to Lounsberry, he tries to double cross them. Leslie is killed and McBain injured in the ensuing gunfight. Van Hoek takes McBain to Anita\'s place and digs out the bullet, then leaves in a wagon with the gold. However, Lounsberry, Sample and their men soon corner him in town during a fiesta. McBain goes to the Dutchman\'s aid. Then Anita has her many Mexican friends surround and disarm the villains. Van Hoek entrusts McBain and Anita with the gold, telling them he will meet them later in Durango to split it up equally. Then, keeping his word, he leaves on the stagecoach with fellow passenger Ada.'] ['Confederate soldier Capt. Colt Saunders comes home to Texas from the war. Victorious supporters of the Union have taken control of his town, including a corrupt commissioner named Cable. When he sees a Yankee insult a Southern belle named Lorna Hunter, the gallant Colt comes to her aid. He isn\'t aware of her past as a St. Louis dance-hall girl or her villainous true nature. Colt is knocked cold and Lorna steals $900 from him. Her friend, saloon owner Ruby, lets her know that Colt is a wealthy rancher, so Lorna hatches a scheme. She returns his missing $900 and impresses him with her "honesty." Colt falls in love and marries her. His ranch, the Bar S, has fallen on hard times. Loyal ranch foreman Innocencio, who looked out for the spread while Colt was off to war, says that Yankees have been rustling their horses with no intervention by the law. Colt\'s brother, nicknamed Cinch, shows up. Cinch is not trustworthy, but Colt has felt obligated to him since a childhood accident. Cinch is allowed to help run the ranch. But as soon as Cable claims that $16,000 in back taxes must be paid, Cinch makes off not only with the rest of Colt\'s horses but with Lorna as well. Lorna is pregnant. Colt tracks them down and offers to give them more money if she agrees to give birth first and leave the child with him. In a gunfight to determine who gains ultimate control of the ranch, Cinch and Cable are both killed. Lorna has a change of heart and persuades Colt to let her stay.'] ['Esra Kincaid takes land by force and, having taken the Espinoza land, his sights are set on the Castro rancho. US government agent Kearney holds him off till the cavalry shows up and he can declare his love for Juanita "The Rose of the Rancho."'] ["A feared gunfighter named Nevada  breaks his friend Cash Burridge ([[Ernie Adams  from the Lineville jail. When they reach the town of Winthrop, the two men decide to take respectable jobs on a ranch owned by Ben Ide , an Englishman they rescued from Cawthorne's gang of cattle rustlers. Fearing the rustlers, Ide hires Nevada to protect his daughter, Hettie , angering the ranch foreman, Clan Dillon , who is in love with Hettie. The villainous foreman spreads a rumor of his rival's dark past to the sheriff, and soon Nevada and Cash join up with Cawthorne's gang in order to escape the sheriff. Unknown to Nevada, Cawthorne's gang takes its orders from Dillon, who is the leader of the rustlers. During a raid, Dillon shoots both Cash and Cawthorne, but Nevada learns of his treachery from his dying pal. Later in a confrontation, Nevada is wounded by Dillon but is saved by the arrival of the posse and the evidence given by the wounded Cawthorne against the leader. With his reputation restored, Nevada is free to marry Nettie."] ['The film opens near the fictional town of Lahood, California, in the 1880s , where a group of struggling miners and their families are panning for gold. However, thugs sent by rival big-time miner Coy Lahood arrive and shoot up the camp, destroying tents and huts as well. Megan Wheeler, a 15-year old girl there, is horrified when the thugs shoot her dog. The thugs leave the camp torn up and nearly destroyed. Megan buries her dog out in the woods, and prays to God for help. After she prays, we see a stranger heading to the town on horseback. Megan\'s mother, Sarah, is keeping company with Hull Barret, the leader of the miners. Hull heads off into town to pick up supplies, but the same thugs start to beat him up. The stranger arrives and swiftly beats up all of the thugs single handedly with a mattock handle. Hull thanks the stranger and invites him to his house, and the stranger reluctantly agrees. Sarah is skeptical of the stranger and is concerned the trouble it may bring. Her mind and that of the daughter are quickly assured when the pale rider appears wearing a preacher\' outfit and is shown to be unarmed, and therefore gets the name of Preacher. The Preacher helps the miners pan for gold and peacefully keeps the thugs from returning to the camp. The Preacher eventually meets Coy LaHood\'s son Josh who attempts to scare the Preacher by a show of strength from his strongest work hand, Club, who smashes a large rock with one blow of a hammer that the Preacher and Hull had been laboring over. When Club attempts to harm the Preacher, the Preacher disarms him, hits him in the face and delivers a hammer blow to Club\'s groin. After helping Club back onto his horse, the Preacher sends Josh and Club on their way. Coy LaHood finds out about the Preacher through his son and instead of killing the preacher, out of fear of making him a martyr among the pan handlers, decides to try to bribe him with money and a church in hopes he will leave the camp, but the Preacher refuses. The Preacher asks if LaHood would be willing to buy the miners out and gets a final offer of $1,000 per claim. If the miners don\'t leave within 24 hours, LaHood will hire a corrupt Marshal named Stockburn to clear them out. The miners initially want to take the offer, and ask the Preacher for his advice. He offers little, but Hull reminds them why they came, and what they have sacrificed. The miners decide to stay and fight. The next morning, however, the Preacher deserts the miners, leaving them scared and alone without any help. Megan, who has grown fond of the Preacher, also heads out looking for him, but Josh captures her and attempts to rape her. Club sees what is happening and disapproves, and so moves forward to help her before Josh can do anything serious. However, at this moment the Preacher arrives on horseback, armed with a Remington revolver, and shoots Josh in the hand. The Preacher takes Megan back to her mother in the mining camp. Stockburn arrives and he and his gang gun down one of the miners, Spider, who was drunkenly excoriating LaHood from the street. LaHood describes the Preacher to Stockburn, and Stockburn says that he sounds like someone that he once knew, but can\'t be, because that man is dead. The Preacher teams up with Hull and they go to LaHood\'s mining facility and blow it up with dynamite. In the chaos, Josh LaHood attempts to shoot the Preacher in the back but is stopped by Club out of respect for the Preacher. To stop Hull from following him into battle, the Preacher scared off Hull\'s horse. The Preacher headed alone into town where he kills all but two of Coy\'s thugs. Stockburn then sends his deputies after the Preacher, who shoots all of them one by one throughout town. The Preacher approaches Stockburn and only when he is a few feet away does Stockburn recognize him, crying "You! YOU!" Stockburn reaches for his gun, but the Preacher draws first and empties his gun into Stockburn. As a dying Stockburn tries to raise his gun, the Preacher retrieves backup pistol and finishes off Stockburn with a shot to the forehead. Coy Lahood, watching from a nearby store, aims a rifle at the Preacher, but Hull comes in the back door and kills Coy. The Preacher rides his horse out of a barn. He looks at Hull, who is surveying the remains of the battle and mutters to him, "Long walk." Hull responds with a simple, "Yep." The Preacher smirks and rides off into the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Megan gets to the town, but the Preacher has already left. As he rides off into the mountains, Megan cries out to him from the town shouting her thanks and words of love.'] ['Cattleman Alvarez Kelly  is contracted to deliver a herd to the Union Army in Virginia. However, as he nears the end of his long cattle drive, Kelly is kidnapped by Confederate raiders led by Colonel Tom Rossiter . The Confederacy desperately needs the beef to feed its soldiers besieged in Richmond. Kelly is "persuaded"  to help steal the herd. For revenge, he arranges passage for Rossiter\'s discontented Southern belle fiancée, Liz Pickering , on a blockade runner leaving the city. Despite the hatred between the two men, they manage to work together. Kelly first teaches Rossiter\'s men how to drive cattle. Then, they proceed to capture and transport the herd, despite the efforts of Union officer Major Albert Stedman ([[Patrick O\'Neal .'] ['In a version of a standard western plot, the saloon owner Barnett wants the land under the local Indian Reservation for its gold deposits. In order to drive off the people living on the reservation, he forms a gang to attack the local ranchers and frame the Indians. Rancher Jerry Randall opposes him using the legendary masked identity of "El Latigo", friend to the Indians.'] ['In the 26th century, humanity has left an overpopulated Earth and moved to a new solar system, colonizing many planets and moons. The Alliance has won a war with the less established planets of outer star systems. A young girl named River Tam is the most promising of a number of young people being mentally and physically conditioned by Alliance scientists. Rescued by her brother Simon, the two find refuge aboard the Firefly-class transport ship Serenity, captained by Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds. An Alliance agent, the Operative, is tasked with neutralizing River, as she has been visited by high Alliance politicians and may have learned certain top secrets due to her psychic abilities. Aboard Serenity, Mal takes River along on a bank robbery against her brother\'s objections. They are attacked by another group of raiders: Reavers, animalistic humans who savagely eat their victims alive. They escape, but Simon decides that he and River will leave Serenity at the next port. While Mal meets fences Fanty and Mingo at a bar, a TV commercial causes River to attack the patrons with superbly effective martial arts. Before she can shoot Mal, Simon arrives and shouts a "safe word" which causes her to fall asleep. Mal carries River back to Serenity, but the incident is captured on camera. The crew contacts a reclusive hacker known as Mr. Universe who analyzes the commercial and discovers a subliminal message being broadcast across Alliance space designed to trigger River. He notes that River whispered "Miranda" before attacking. Mal receives a call from Inara, a former passenger. Suspecting a trap but fearing she is in danger, Mal goes to her and is confronted by the Operative. The Operative offers to let Mal go free if he turns River over, but thanks to Inara\'s quick thinking, she and Mal escape. After another of River\'s outbursts, the crew discover that Miranda is a remote planet thought to have been rendered uninhabitable as the result of a terraforming accident. Serenity returns to Haven, a mining colony and home of Shepherd Book, a former passenger and friend. They discover, however, that the outpost has been destroyed and the residents slaughtered. The Operative has ordered the deaths of all of Mal\'s contacts to deny him a safe haven and promises that he will continue to pursue them until he gets River. The way to Miranda is blocked by a region swarming with Reavers, so Mal disguises Serenity as a Reaver ship. After sailing through a fleet of Reaver vessels, the crew discovers a habitable planet, but only corpses strew its cities. They discover a log recorded by an Alliance survey team explaining that the Alliance administered a chemical designed to suppress aggression in the residents, which worked too well, making them so passive they stopped working, stopped reproducing, and eventually simply laid down and died of dehydration. However, 0.1% of the population instead reacted by becoming hyper-aggressive and unstable, explaining the origin of the Reavers. Mal contacts Mr. Universe to arrange to have the log broadcast to everyone, but the Operative is already there and has Mr. Universe lure them in. Mal knows Serenity is heading into a trap, so he opens fire on one of the Reaver ships. The Reavers pursue Serenity to Mr. Universe\'s planet where they engage the waiting Alliance fleet. The Operative\'s ship is destroyed, but he survives in an escape pod. Serenity is damaged by a pursuing Reaver ship, but manages to crash land. Pilot Wash is killed by the Reavers. Finding Mr. Universe dead and his equipment wrecked, Mal learns of a secret backup transmitter from a message recorded by the dying Mr. Universe. The crew makes a stand against the Reavers to buy Mal the time to send the message. After a firefight, the crew retreat behind a set of blast doors, but the doors only partially close. Zoe and Kaylee are wounded. Simon discovers he has left his medical kit behind; as he rises to retrieve it, he is shot. He apologizes to River for failing her. She replies that it is her turn to take care of him. She charges through the opening in the blast doors, triggers the closing mechanism and throws the medical kit to Simon before the Reavers drag her away. Mal reaches the transmitter, but The Operative is close behind. In hand-to-hand combat, Mal manages to disable his opponent and bind him to a railing, forcing him to watch the recording. Mal returns to his crew. The blast doors open to reveal that River has dispatched all of the Reavers. The wall behind her explodes, and Alliance troops rush in. The Operative, realizing he has been lied to by the government, orders his men to stand down. After the crew erect memorials to their dead friends on Mr. Universe\'s moon, they patch up Serenity. Kaylee and Simon consummate their relationship. The disillusioned Operative tells Mal that the Alliance government has been weakened and that he will try his best to present his former foe in the best light, but cannot guarantee that others will not be sent after Mal and his crew. Serenity lifts off with River as Mal\'s new copilot.'] ['Marshal Johnnie Taggart, posing as an outlaw named "Ace" Braddock, comes to Bannack, Montana to restore law and order. But he is recognized by Kitty, co-owner with Clay Curtwright, of the infamous Bull Whip saloon. But "bad-girl" Kitty keeps her mouth shut. When Johnnie\'s pal Andy reports a stage holdup, Curtwright\'s henchman, Ben Borden, talks the sheriff and Judge Holden into suspecting Johnnie. Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal, and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents, but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter, Louise Holden. The Judge doesn\'t know that Louise is in love with Curtwright, and she tips him off as to Johnnie\'s real identity. Curtwright frames Johnnie for a murder and arranges for the crooked sheriff to promote a lynching and Andy and Kitty help Johnnie escape jail. Johnnie rounds up vigilantes and heads for a showdown at the Bull Whip saloon.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0039958/plotsummary'] ['Wild Bill Hickok, U.S. Marshal in Abilene, Kansas, is sent to stop the mysterious "Phantom Riders" from disrupting the cattle drives across the Chisholm Trail and construction of a new railroad. {{Expand section}}'] ['Woody Woodpecker, tired and perspiring, is walking down a dusty road of the old West carrying a heavy suitcase. Hearing a stagecoach approaching, he stands in the road thumbing a ride, but the stage passes him by in a swirl of dust. He opens his suitcase, which contains an assortment of artificial limbs used to display women\'s stockings, wigs, dresses, etc. Woody transforms himself into a young woman by putting on artificial limbs, a wig and a dress. Wally Walrus, driver of a stagecoach, approaches Woody in the road. Woody coyly lifts his skirt to display the shapely limbs. Wally quickly stops the stage, and Woody enters. Woody, in the coach\'s dining room, orders a sumptuous meal from Wally, now dresses as a waiter. Woody\'s wig falls off. Wally realizes his mistake, and he hands Woody a check for $30. Woody and Wally argue over the price, and Wally pulls a lever, which ejects Woody over the stagecoach roof. Woody jumps from the stagecoach and runs away. Woody then drives the stagecoach and meets the real "Buzz Buzzard the Bandit" astride a horse. Buzz forces Woody to drive to his hideout cottage. Woody, again disguised as a woman, causes Buzz\'s heart to flutter as he hastens to put his house in order, dress in "full dress and silk hat," and get ready to welcome Woody. A giant commotion emanates from the cottage. Woody rushes out the door with Buzz in full chase. Woody jumps into the stage, with Buzz making a close second.'] ['Peter "Junior" Potter  has graduated from Harvard and now heads west to the town of Sawbuck Pass to claim his Daddy\'s fortune. When he gets there, Junior discovers to his horror that practically everyone in town claims to be owed a debt and that his father\'s treasure chest is empty. Junior stalls the townfolk for as long as he can. He makes the acquaintance of a singing cowboy named Roy  and a sexy saloon performer with the masculine name of Mike , who has to fend off Junior\'s persistent advances. A mysterious masked bandit known only as "The Torch" has been leading midnight raids, meanwhile. What the wise-cracking, clueless Junior doesn\'t know is that the object of his affections, Mike, is in fact The Torch, and that Roy is a government agent with a Smith and Wesson Model 320 Revolving Rifle hidden in his guitar case, bent on capturing her.'] ['Jim Slater , is in search of stolen money, to prove that his father  was not involved in a gold robbery. Finding the gold is also the goal of Karyl Orton .'] ['The four adult sons of Katie Elder – John , who is a famous  professional gunman, Tom , a professional gambler who is also handy with a gun, Bud , the youngest brother who is a college student, and Matt , who is a rancher – reunite in their hometown of Clearwater, Texas, in 1898 for their mother\'s funeral. They share regret that none of them has lived up to her high expectations of them. The townspeople are unfriendly with John, the gunfighter, and Tom the gambler. Katie Elder was extremely well liked by everyone in the community, who were all aware of her honesty, her poverty and her undying love for the sons who neglected her. The brothers want to do something for Katie\'s sake, and their plan is to send youngest son Bud to college, raising money through a sale of another man\'s herd of horses, even though Bud wants to emulate his eldest brother. Morgan Hastings ([[James Gregory  a gunsmith, claims ownership of the Elders\' ranch after their father Bass Elder\'s death, claiming to have won it from him in a game of cards; Bass was afterwards shot in the back, and the killer is still unknown. Hastings hides a hostile attitude towards the brothers and brings in a hired gun, Curley , just in case. Gradually, the Elders suspect foul play. Hastings claimed Bass lost the ranch in a game of Blackjack, while John, in a ruse, states their father wouldn\'t have been caught dead playing Blackjack, as he decried it as a "woman\'s game" and claimed he would have shot any of his sons that he caught playing it. John\'s brother privately questioned John\'s story since they were weaned on Blackjack, and John states that Hastings wouldn\'t know that, foreshadowing the holes in Hastings\' story. As it turns out, Hastings had indeed claimed the Elder ranch by murdering Bass Elder. When Hastings learns about the brothers\' investigations, Hastings frames them for murder of the sheriff  and, not content with seeing them going to prison, arranges an ambush in which Matt is killed and Bud seriously injured. John and Tom take it upon themselves to avenge the family by going after Hastings. John gets him in the end by blowing him up in his own store.  William H. Wright picked up a copy of Life of the Marlows in a Los Angeles, California, bookstore in around 1953. Thinking that it would make the basis of a good Western, he paid members of the Marlow family $1,000 each for the rights to make it into a screenplay. But when the movie was made 12 years later, the film\'s plot had been drastically changed. Talbot Jennings was credited for the script.Rathmell and DeArment p. 6.'] ["Griff Bonnell and his brothers Wes and Chico arrive in an Arizona town. He is a reformed gunslinger, now working for the Attorney General's office, looking to arrest Howard Swain for mail robbery. Swain is one of landowner Jessica Drummond’s 40 hired guns. She runs the territory with an iron fist, permitting the town to be terrorized and trashed by her brother, Brockie Drummond, and his boys. Brockie is an arrogant drunk and bully, but he goes too far by shooting Marshal Chisolm in cold blood. Griff intervenes and knocks out Brockie with his pistol. Wes falls in love with Louvenie Spanger, so he decides to settle down and become the town's sheriff. Griff becomes romantically involved with Jessica after she is dragged by a horse during a cyclone. Two of her guns, Logan and Savage, attempt an ambush of Griff in an alley. He is saved by youngest brother Chico, who was supposed to be leaving for California for a new life on a farm. Chico's shot kills Savage, after which Jessica's brother and hired guns try to turn the town against the Bonnell brothers. On his wedding day, Wes is gunned down. Brockie is jailed for the murder. He tries to escape by using his sister as a shield, daring Griff to shoot, and is shocked when Griff does exactly that. Griff's expertly placed bullet merely wounds Jessica, and the cowardly Brockie then becomes the first man Griff has had to kill in 10 years. Chico remains behind to take the sheriff's job. Griff rides out, certain that Jessica hates him for killing her brother, but she runs after his buckboard and together they ride off."] ['A cult of Hindu Tiger Worshippers and a gang of Western outlaws outlaws attempt to cheat Belle Boyd out of the valuable mine that she has inherited from her father.'] ["Relations are strained between cattle baron Brandt Ruger  and his wife, Melissa  when he leaves for a two-week hunting trip with some of his wealthy friends. Mistaking her for a schoolteacher, outlaw Frank Calder  and his band of rustlers and thieves kidnap Melissa, not for ransom but because Calder wants to be taught how to read a book. Traveling by luxurious private train, the hunting party engages in debauchery with women, one of whom Ruger sadistically abuses. Notified that his wife has been taken captive, Ruger arms his friends with high-powered rifles to begin a hunt not for animals but for men. Calder twice must keep Melissa from being raped by his men. But eventually he overpowers and rapes her himself. Melissa tries to shoot and stab Calder and to flee, each time in vain. She goes on a hunger strike, but cannot resist the temptation of a jar of peaches. She begins to enjoy Calder's company. Using rifles with telescopic sights that can allow shooting a target at 800 yards, Ruger and his men begin to pick off the outlaws one by one. Melissa also stabs one, Hog Warren , after he attempts a second time to rape her. Calder charges within close range and is able to shoot one of Ruger's men. Two others quit the hunting party when they see Ruger's lack of concern over their friend's death. Calder's men become upset to discover that they have kidnapped such a powerful man's wife, placing them in danger for no good reason. The men revolt and Calder kills one. When his own best friend, Doc , is gravely wounded, Calder obeys a last request to put Doc out of his misery. On his death bed, Hog Warren further angers Ruger by telling him Melissa is now Calder's woman. In yet another ambush, Ruger sees for himself that Melissa, rather than trying to escape, leaps onto Calder's horse voluntarily to ride off with him. Ruger's last remaining ally, Matthew , implores him to let her go, but the crazed Ruger pays no mind. The last of Calder's men are gunned down from long-range at a water hole. Alone now, Calder and Melissa are driven out into the desert. Weak from heat and thirst, their horse dead, they stumble toward an inevitable fate. Ruger materializes on foot. He fatally shoots Calder with his rifle. As Calder is dying Ruger kills Melissa. Ruger then collapses beside them. The credits roll over what appears to be a sepia photograph of three bodies in the sand."] ["The film begins with an attempted assassination of a man looking into the Grand Canyon with his binoculars. The assassin disables the emergency brake from the man's car and attempts to run him over as the car goes off the edge. The man leaps out of the way and kills his assassin by throwing him off the rim. He is seen wandering by Eli, an old prospector who attempts to tell a Deputy Sheriff . However Eli has a reputation for telling tall tales, so the deputy ignores him to chase an attractive woman ([[Victoria Shaw  speeding recklessly down the road. The unidentified man is later found dead, hanging bound and gagged in a former mining office in an abandoned gold mine. The Deputy and Janice Kendon, the speeding woman, team up to solve the murders and a plot to illegally mine gold to sell in Mexico."] ["A young woman, Cresta Lee , and young U.S. private Honus Gent  are joined together by fate when they are the only two survivors after a cavalry group is massacred by the Cheyenne. Gent is much devoted to his country and duty; Lee, who has lived with the Cheyenne for two years, declares that in this conflict she sympathizes more with them. The two must now try to make it to Fort Reunion, the army base camp, where Cresta's fiance, an army officer, waits for her. As they travel through the desert with very low supplies, hiding from the Indians, they are spotted by a different tribe of Indians than the Cheyenne. Under pressure from Cresta, Honus fights with the tribe chief and, by fluke, ends up stabbing him in the stomach. He finds himself unable to kill the chief, even as the latter's own men stab him for his defeat, and leave the couple alone. Eventually, after being shot at by a white man who supplied guns to the Indians, Honus finds himself alone in a cave where Cresta leaves him to get help. She arrives at Fort Reunion, only to discover the that her fiance's cavalry plans to attack the peaceful Indian village of the Cheyenne the day after. She runs away on a horse and reaches the village in time to warn Spotted Wolf, the Cheyenne chief. The latter refuses to indulge in warfare and prepares to extend a hand of friendship to the American soldiers using the US Flag. The army men however, do not refuse the orders of their Commanding Officer to open fire at the village. What follows is a massacre of Indians, so violent and brutal that it came to be known as the most shameful day in the Indian Wars of the American West. The movie gets extremely graphic here and shows with abandon the ruthlessness of the 700 army men as they wipe out 500 Indians, most of them women and children."] ["In 1945, John J. Macreedy , who lacks the use of his left arm, steps off the Southern Pacific passenger train at the desert hamlet of Black Rock. It is the first time the train has stopped there in four years. Macreedy is looking for a man named Komoko, but the few residents are inexplicably hostile. The young hotel desk clerk, Pete Wirth ([[John Ericson , claims he has no vacant rooms. The newcomer is none-too-subtly threatened by local tough Hector David . Reno Smith , the town's unofficial leader, informs Macreedy that Komoko, as a Japanese-American, was interned during World War II. Certain that something is wrong, Macreedy sees the town sheriff, Tim Horn , but the alcoholic lawman is clearly afraid of Smith. The veterinarian and undertaker, Doc Velie , advises Macreedy to leave town immediately. Smith lets slip that Komoko is dead.  Pete's sister, Liz , rents Macreedy a Jeep. Macreedy drives to nearby Adobe Flats, where Komoko lived. He finds the homestead burned to the ground. On the way back, Coley Trimble  tries to run him off the road. When Smith later asks, Macreedy informs him he lost the use of his left arm fighting in Italy. Macreedy tells him he found wildflowers at the Komoko place, leading him to suspect that a body is buried underneath. Smith reveals that he is virulently anti-Japanese; he tried to enlist the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor, but was rejected. Macreedy tries to telephone the state police, but Pete refuses to put the call through. Doc Velie admits that something terrible happened four years ago and that Smith has everyone too terrified to speak up. Velie offers Macreedy his hearse to leave town, but it will not start. Then Hector comes over and rips out the distributor cap and spark plug wires. Macreedy dictates a telegram to Hastings  addressed to the state police. While Macreedy is having lunch, Trimble picks a fight, but Macreedy uses judo and karate to beat him up and knock him out. Macreedy tells Smith that he knows Smith killed Komoko and that he was too cowardly to do it alone, so he involved Hector, Pete, and Coley. Macreedy heads to the hotel lobby, hoping that Smith and his men won't dare attack him in such a public place. Smith and his henchmen are already there. Hastings tries to give Smith a telegram, but Macreedy snatches it away and discovers that it is his own unsent message. Macreedy and Doc Velie demand that Sheriff Horn do something. When Horn tries to confront Smith, however, Smith takes his badge and gives it to Hector. Hector tears up the telegram. After Smith and Hector leave, Macreedy reveals that the loss of his arm had left him wallowing in self-pity, but Smith's attempt to kill him has given him strength again. Macreedy finally learns what happened after revealing that he came to Black Rock to give Komoko his son's medal. Komoko's son was a soldier serving in Italy and died in combat trying to save Macreedy. Komoko leased some farmland from Smith, who was sure there was no water there. However, Komoko dug a well deep enough to find water, and installed a windmill there. After Smith was turned down for enlistment after Pearl Harbor, he and the other men spent the day drinking, then decided to scare Komoko. The old man barricaded himself inside his home, but the men set the place on fire. When Komoko emerged ablaze, Smith shot him. Pete lures the watching Hector into the hotel office, where Doc Velie knocks him out. Liz drives Macreedy out of town in her Jeep, but stops in a canyon. Macreedy realizes he has been betrayed. When Smith starts firing at him, Macreedy shelters behind the Jeep. Liz rushes to Smith despite Macreedy's warning. Smith tells her she has to die along with the rest of his accomplices. He shoots her in the back when she tries to run. Macreedy finds a bottle and fills it with gasoline from the jeep's fuel line, creating a Molotov cocktail. When Smith climbs down for a better shot, Macreedy throws it, hitting the rock next to Smith and setting him on fire. Macreedy drives up to the town jail with the injured Smith and Liz's body. Velie and Horn rush out; they had mustered up enough courage to jail Hector David and Coley Trimble. The state police are called in. As Macreedy is leaving, Doc Velie requests Komoko's medal to help Black Rock heal. Macreedy gives it to him just before boarding the train."] ["During the American Civil War, Union cavalry officer Major Amos Dundee  is relieved of his command for an unspecified tactical error  at the Battle of Gettysburg and was sent to head a prisoner-of-war camp in the New Mexico Territory. After a family of ranchers and a relief column of cavalry are massacred by an Apache war chief named Sierra Charriba , Dundee seizes the opportunity for glory, raising his own private army of Union troops , Confederate prisoners led by his former friend and rival from their days at West Point, Captain Tyreen , several Indian scouts, and a gang of civilian mercenaries to illegally pursue Charriba into Mexico. Tyreen bears a grudge against Dundee. Before the war, Dundee cast the deciding vote in Tyreen's court-martial from the U.S. Army for participating in a duel. However, having given his word of honor, the chivalrous Tyreen binds himself and his men to serve loyally, but only until Charriba has been dispatched. When the diverse factions of Dundee's force aren't fighting each other, they engage the Apaches in several bloody battles.The film is narrated by young bugler, Tim Ryan , whose diary is meant to serve as an ironic counterpoint to the action. The Americans lose most of their supplies in an Apache ambush, forcing them to raid a village garrisoned by French troops loyal to Emperor Maximilian of Mexico. However, there is little to loot, and Dundee ends up sharing some of his dwindling food with the starving Mexicans. Beautiful resident Teresa Santiago , the widow of a doctor executed for his support of the rebels under Benito Juárez, causes further tensions between Dundee and Tyreen. Dundee makes it easy for his French prisoners to escape. When they return with reinforcements as he had expected, Dundee surprises them in a night attack and makes off with badly needed supplies. Teresa ultimately has a short-lived affair with Dundee. In an unguarded moment with her, he is wounded by the Apaches in the leg, forcing him to seek medical help in French-held Durango. The doctor successfully removes the arrow, but Dundee has to remain there to recuperate. He is tended by a pretty Mexican, whom he eventually takes to bed. When Teresa comes upon them unexpectedly, her relationship with Dundee comes to an abrupt end. Dundee starts drinking heavily as a result. Tyreen has to sneak into town and shame Dundee into resuming his mission. Charriba proves difficult to pin down, so Dundee pretends to give up and starts back for the United States. The Apaches give chase and end up in a trap. Charriba is finally killed. With their bargain concluded, Dundee and Tyreen prepare to resume their own personal battle, but the vengeful French appear, forcing the two men to set aside their differences. The two cavalry forces charge each other at the Rio Grande River. When Tyreen is fatally shot, he rides off to singlehandedly delay a second detachment of French cavalry while the others escape."] ['Roy and his sidekick Teddy Bear are mistaken for the kidnappers of a runaway teenager. After escaping from a posse the two find the teenager, Chip who explains their innocence and has her sister Ysobel and her soon to be husband the rich Craig Allen give the pair jobs. Chip tells Roy she is sure her late father had riches hidden away that the unscrupulous Craig Allen tries to take for himself. The film opens and closes with musical numbers.'] ["An ambitious, historic attempt to explore and document an untamed American frontier unfolds in this rousing adventure drama. In 1803, Meriwether Lewis and William Clark, with President Thomas Jefferson's blessing, embarked on the government-sponsored Lewis & Clark Expedition – an attempt to discover a water route connecting St. Louis, Missouri, with the Pacific Ocean. Their trek takes them through the magnificent, danger-filled territory of the Pacific Northwest, with guidance from the Shoshone maiden Sacagawea."] ['Jordan "Bick" Benedict , the head of the rich Benedict ranching family of Texas, goes to Maryland to buy a stud horse, War Winds. There he meets and courts the socialite Leslie Lynnton , who breaks off her engagement to a diplomat  and becomes Bick\'s wife. They return to Texas to start their life together on the family ranch, Reata, where Bick\'s sister Luz  runs the household. Luz resents Leslie\'s arrival and tries to intimidate her. Jett Rink  works for Luz and hopes to find his fortune by leaving Texas; he also has a secret love for Leslie. Luz expresses her hostility for Leslie by cruelly digging in her spurs while riding Leslie\'s beloved horse, War Winds. Luz dies after War Winds bucks her off, and as part of her will, Jett is given a plot of land within the Benedict ranch. Bick tries to buy back the land, but Jett refuses. Jett keeps the fenced off waterhole as his home and names the property Little Reata. Leslie eventually gives birth to twins, Jordan "Jordy" Benedict III  and Judy Benedict , and a younger daughter named Luz II . Jett discovers traces of oil in a footprint left by Leslie and he drills in the spot. He hits his first gusher and is covered in the spouting oil. He drives to the Benedict front yard to assert himself and proclaim to the family and guests that he will be richer than the Benedicts. After Jett makes a rude sexual remark to Leslie, Bick punches him. As Bick\'s friends restrain him, Jett hits him several times, then drives off. In the years before World War II, Jett prospers through his oil drilling company, named \'Jetexas\'. Determined to remain a cattle rancher like his forefathers, Bick rejects several offers to drill for oil on his much larger ranch. Meanwhile, tensions in the Benedict household revolve around how the parents want to bring up their children. Bick insists that Jordy must succeed him and run the ranch, as his father and grandfather before him &ndash; but Jordy wants to be a doctor. Leslie wants Judy to attend finishing school in Switzerland, but Judy loves the ranch and wants to study animal husbandry at Texas Tech. Both children succeed in pursuing their chosen vocations. After war breaks out, Jett visits the Benedicts to persuade Bick to allow oil production on his land to help the war effort. Recognizing that his children will not take over the ranch when he retires, Bick concedes. Both Bick and Jett have developed drinking problems. Luz II, now in her teens, starts flirting with Jett. Once oil production starts on the ranch, the wealthy Benedict family becomes even wealthier, as suggested by the addition of a swimming pool next to the house. After the war, the Benedict-Rink rivalry continues, coming to a head when the Benedicts discover that Luz II and the much older Jett have been dating. At a huge gala Jett organizes in his own honor, an irate Jordy tries to fight him after his Mexican-American wife, Juana , is repeatedly insulted by Jett\'s employees because of her race. As his goons hold Jordy, Jett punches him repeatedly in front of a crowd, and has the young man thrown out. Fed up, Bick challenges Jett to a fistfight. Drunk and almost incoherent, Jett leads the way to a wine storage room. Seeing that Jett is in no state to defend himself, Bick lowers his fists, says "You\'re not even worth hitting. ... You\'re all through," and leaves, but not before toppling Jett\'s wine cellar shelves, domino-style. Jett, completely drunk, collapses face down and falls asleep on the table in front of his seat of honor. All the guests leave. Later, Luz II sees him partly recovered from his stupor, talking to an empty room and disclosing that his sexual interest in the young girl is only his attempt to possess her mother symbolically. The next day, the Benedicts, all except Jordy, drive down a sparsely traveled road and stop at a segregated diner. Juana and her little boy are once again insulted racially, and when the proprietor, Sarge , insults and begins to physically eject an old Mexican man and his family, Bick tries to stop him. This leads to a fistfight, which Bick clearly loses. Juana, Leslie and Luz II are disgusted by Sarge\'s bigotry, but proud of Bick for standing up to the bully. Back at the ranch, Bick and Leslie watch their grandchildren, blonde and Latino, and reflect on their life and family. Leslie tells Bick that after watching him lose the fight in the diner, she respects his evolution in understanding the concerns of people not like his wealthy forbears, and considers their own incarnation of the Benedict family a success.'] ['It is the dawn of the Wild West in Silver Creek. A gang of beautiful but deadly women have unleashed violence on the society that failed to protect them, robbing banks and destroying everything in their path. A posse is sent after these masked raiders, not knowing whom they are chasing nor the fate that will await them - for bringing these female vigilantes to justice will unleash a surprising past and a new future for all.'] ['Marty Claridge  has just moved out to the West with her husband Aaron Claridge , who dies in a riding accident shortly after. Marty, expecting her late husband\'s baby and left with nowhere to go, is in need of a place to stay through the winter. With no other options, she accepts the arrangement offered by widower Clark Davis , who offers to give her a place to stay for the winter and provide her with the fare for the wagon train heading back East in the spring. In exchange, they agree to get married, as he wants her to provide a maternal influence for his young daughter Missie . The two do not live together as husband and wife but keep separate quarters. Initially, it is not an ideal arrangement for any of them, and at first Marty and Missie do not get along. Marty learns more about "Clark\'s God" than she ever dreamed, and as the winter season passes, they all start to feel more like a family, and finally Marty and Clark come to realize they\'re in love.'] ['Yumurcak lives in a village in the wild west. On his way from school, he is kidnapped by the bandit Demirbilek and his gang. They ask his mom, Maureen for ransom money. Maureen seeks for help and finds Keskin. Keskin is a very sharp shooter, yet since he has caused the death of a child many years ago, he has been inactive for years.'] ["A teletype message flashes across the screen... : Master Sergeant Larry McRose, U.S. Army, Frankfurt, West Germany : Report to Zombie Unit, El Paso, Texas At El Paso airport five U.S. Army sergeants meet up with Major Paul Hackett , the leader of the Zombie Unit. The unit is composed of soldiers reported to be killed, and are on temporary assignment under Hackett for this mission. Jack Benteen  is a tough Texas Ranger, his best friend from high school is Cash Bailey , an American and former police informer who has crossed into Mexico and become a major drug trafficker. A D.E.A. agent and several soldiers from the clandestine U.S. Army unit show up in town, who are also tracking Cash Bailey. When the soldiers rob a local bank to get Bailey's money and a cash deposit box that contains accounts on the drug money he's deposited there, one of the soldiers is killed and two others are captured by Benteen and placed in the town Jail. Benteen is confronted by the D.E.A agent who turns out to be their commanding officer and reveals their true mission to him to obtain their release. Now knowing the full story, Benteen joins with the soldiers and crosses the border into Mexico to track down Bailey and end his drug running. At Bailey's Hacienda Benteen's girlfriend Sarita , who was once Bailey's girlfriend, has crossed into Mexico to join him after arguing with Benteen. At a huge Independence Day festival Benteen confronts Bailey while the soldiers attack Bailey's private army. McRose witnesses Hackett shooting Bailey's accountant and at the same time revealing himself to be Bailey's partner. The town erupts into a huge gunfight and at the end of the movie few but Benteen and Sarita survive, to ride off into the sunset together."] ["The cow town of Spurline is effectively ruled by Virgil Renchler , owner of the Golden Empire ranch. One night, some of Renchler's hands beat a young laborer, Juan Martín, to death. The newly elected sheriff of Spurline, Ben Sadler , decides to investigate the matter. During his investigation, he must contend with Renchler's henchmen and the fierce opposition of the townspeople, who fear Spurline would be ruined without the Golden Empire's business."] ['Sam Houston, a lawyer and former governor of Tennessee, travels to San Antonio, Texas to begin a new life. He encounters Jim Bowie, who is determined to free the territory from Mexico\'s rule. Bowie is tried for treason. Houston represents him in court and successfully argues that the charge against Bowie must be dismissed because Mexico was not under martial law at the time. Katherine Delaney comes into Houston\'s life. He is still married back home, but separated and dictates a letter requesting a formal divorce. Katherine will not become involved with Houston unless he promises not to become actively involved in the fight to free Texas. Davy Crockett] relays a message from U.S. president Andrew Jackson, who wants Houston to lead the revolution. There are not enough troops at the Alamo to hold off General Santa Ana and the large Mexican army. And when Houston appears to be in full retreat, some of his men begin to feel he must be replaced. It turns out Houston was planning a surprise attack. His forces are told to "remember the Alamo" and they proceed to overwhelm Santa Ana and his men. Texas is declared a free republic and Sam Houston its first president, a movement that eventually will lead to statehood.'] ["By the end of the 19th century, Butch Cassidy, the Sundance Kid, John Wesley Hardin, and virtually all of the Old West's legendary outlaws are either dead or in jail pending execution-all of them, that is, except train robber and escape artist extraordinaire, Harry Tracy . As the last survivor of the Wild Bunch, Tracy pulls off a series of profitable robberies before making his way west to Portland, Oregon, in search of Catherine Tuttle , a judge's daughter who has captured his heart. Instead, Tracy is betrayed, arrested, and imprisoned. But no jail can hold him for long. After making his escape, Tracy becomes the target of the largest manhunt in the history of North America. He seeks out Catherine, who joins him in his flight, and their love deepens under the constant threat of capture. With hundreds of posses and national guardsmen on their heels, Tracy knows that time is running out -- and when it does, there will only be two options: surrender or die."] ['Orphaned and left in the desert as an infant, Evil Roy Slade  grew up alone—save for his teddy bear—and mean. As an adult, he is notorious for being the "meanest villain in the West"—so he\'s thrown for quite a loop when he falls for sweet schoolteacher Betsy Potter . There\'s also Nelson L. Stool , a railroad tycoon, who, along with his dimwitted nephew Clifford , is trying to get revenge on Evil Roy Slade for robbing him.'] ["The pre-credit sequence of the film starts out with Bureau of Indian Affairs Commissioner Kirby and the last survivor of his US Cavalry escort shot and scalped by Taslik and his squaw Wanima. The film proper begins with Lt. Billings leading his patrol that has escorted Cpl Hamilton, a cartographer who has been making maps of the area. On the way back to the fort they are met by a messenger who brings orders that they are to meet Commissioner Kirby and his party at a trading post in order to deliver a recently signed Indian treaty from Washington to the Chief of the local tribe. The messenger gives the treaty to the Lieutenant who commandeers the messenger to join his patrol. The patrol, who are unaware of the fate of Kirby and his party have nine days to get the treaty to the Chief lest a new uprising start. At the trading post is Taslik, who offers to lead the patrol to the Chief. Taslik is wearing war paint that he explains is from his killing members of a rival tribe who have trespassed on his tribe's land. Unknown to the patrol, Taslik and Wanima, who is shadowing the patrol, are strongly against the peace treaty. The two sabotage the patrol's supplies at every turn in various undetected ways. On their journey the patrol discovers the remains of Commissioner Kirby's escort. The patrol finally get wise to Taslik when they discover he has led them in a giant circle looking for water. With time rapidly vanishing Lt. Billings collects all the remaining water of the rapidly diminishing patrol to fill one water bottle. This is given to one of the troopers who intends to make his way overland to the Indian village whilst the rest of the men conserve their strength by only travelling at night. Wanima ambushes the trooper and kills him but is wounded herself and becomes unconscious. At night the patrol discovers what happens, but Billings refuses to kill Wanima. This causes discontent amongst the patrol who have lost other members through drinking poisoned water and suicide. Wanima agrees to lead the patrol to water but leads them to an abandoned gold mine that sets the patrol to killing each other off to satisfy their greed."] ['Abahachi  and his blood brother Ranger  are an inseparable pair since Ranger saved Abahachi from a speeding train on an unguarded railroad crossing. When they aim to buy a pub with the monetary help of Shoshone chief Stinking Lizard through real estate agent Santa Maria , the deal  collapse, and Stinking Lizard\'s son, who has delivered the loan, is killed by Santa himself. Upon their return to their Shoshone tribe, they find themselves set up by Santa Maria and are unjustly charged with murder. Once they free themselves, they set about to recover a secret treasure kept inside a large, shoe-shaped rock called Manitou\'s Shoe , in order to reimburse Stinking Lizard. Finding the treasure map includes finding Abahachi\'s effeminate gay twin brother Winnetouch , Abahachi\'s Greek friend Dimitri , and Abahachi\'s former "hough school" honey - and Ranger\'s fledging love interest - Ursula  . Unfortunately, Santa and his right hand Hombre have overheard the blood brothers\' plans and decide to get the treasure for themselves. In their quest, Abahachi and Ranger are pursued by Stinking Lizard and his braves, but are eventually captured by Santa who retrieves the treasure, a golden necklace with a giant blue diamond. Abahachi, Winnetouch & Co. win back the necklace, only to lose it again in subsequent mishaps. Hombre, however, who has in the meantime bonded with Winnetouch, returns the embezzled gold to Stinking Lizard, ending the hostilities, and Santa ends his life in a mudtrap. Uschi, while pregnant by Ranger, urges him to set off with Abahachi, and both heroes ride into the sunset for new adventures.'] ["Parrish, a Union Army ex-officer, plans to sell his land to Anchor Ranch and move east with his fiancee, Caroline, but the low price offered by Anchor's crippled owner, Lew Wilkison, and the outfit's bully-boy tactics make him think again. When one of Parrish's hands is murdered, he decides to stay and fight, utilising his war experience. Not all is well at Anchor with the owner's wife, Martha, carrying on with his brother, Cole, who also has a Mexican moll in town. Parrish eventually gets the upper hand, and when the Wilkisons' daughter, Judith, comes to understand what her family is like and what Parrish has been up against, she realizes they can join forces as peaceful neighbors and perhaps more."] ['In the 1870s, the colonial administrator hires bounty hunter Palmer and gun salesman Ben to wipe out an army of Irish Catholic revolutionaries in their stronghold. Palmer and Ben recruit three gun men to help them and their mission is successful but when they go to get their payment they are trapped by treacherous officials. Ben and Palmer must fight their way to safety.'] ['{{Expand section}} The Western, The Outsider, takes place in Montana of the late 19th century. Wounded outlaw Johnny Gault  is given refuge by widowed sheep farmer Rebecca Yoder . This puts Rebecca on the outs with her own people, a pacifist Amish sect. They incurs the wrath of a ruthless cattle baron who wants the Amishs\' land. He was also responsible for the death of Rebecca\'s husband.http://www.allmovie.com/movie/the-outsider-v276077 The two enter into a relationship which is forbidden since he is an "outsider" from their religion and way of life. She is shunned from the fold until she is ready to confess her sins from this illicit union and be forgiven. She decides she must go back to her old way of living. When the time comes for her to do so, she is not able to walk away from her new life with Johnny. She leaves the meeting that had been set up and runs back to Johnny. In an attempt to help Johnny in a shoot out, Rebecca is hit by an enemy\'s bullet. She eventually recovers and they  live happily ever after as they ride off .'] ['The film opens in a cave with a close-up of Juan Chávez\'s ([[Luis Aguilar  silver-plated revolver as he glances at a "Wanted" poster that offers a reward, dead or alive, for his capture. A suspicious man follows Juan out of the cave, and traces him into a small town. There, he enters a bar called "La Patrona", whose bartender is Carmen  who is infatuated with Juan. She serves him something to drink, and they conversate, as a next scene focuses on a beautiful woman named Rosa  who sings the song "Cariño bonito" as she waters her geraniums and watches her birds. At the end of her singing, her aunt  arrives at the house and tells her of Juan\'s return to the town. She replies that he came back for her to take her with him, and to prepare her clothes. When Rosa arrives at the bar, Juan responds to her coldly, and even depreciates her.'] ['Charley, after undergoing a beating by white men, escapes with two fellow slaves before being sold to a different plantation owner. He is put up for sale after his ailing plantation owner says he can no longer afford him. The three fugitives are put down when they engage in everyday activities. For instance, when Charley asks a bartender for three beers, he is asked, "Don\'t you know your place, nigger?" In response, Charley beats a patron and forces the bartender to flee. He then tells his friends, "I ain\'t never gonna be a slave again for no man ... I ain\'t taking no shit from no white man again. I\'m a free man, and that\'s the way I\'m gonna die." The three seek their freedom in the Old West. But they are chased by a gang of white men on horseback, who vow not to let them go free. Throughout their journey, the escaped slaves meet villains and violence. The film ends with Charley and his friend, Toby, surviving an intense shootout and riding off. Toby asks "Where shall we go now, Charley?" Charley responds "Don\'t matter. Wherever we go, there\'s trouble waiting for us."'] ['Space travel has become a dirty way of life dominated by derelicts, grease monkeys, thieves, and hard-boiled interplanetary traders such as Samuel Curtis , an astronaut from Earth who deals in rare goods, living or otherwise. His mission begins with the unlikely delivery of a cat to a small outer-belt asteroid saloon where he meets his former dance partner, and renowned interplanetary fruit thief, the Blueberry Pirate . As payment for his delivery of the cat, Curtis receives a homemade cloning device already in the process of creating a creature most rare in this space quadrant — a Real Live Girl. At the suggestion of the Blueberry Pirate, Curtis takes the Real Live Girl to Jupiter where women have long been a mystery. There, he proposes a trade with the owner of Jupiter: the Real Live Girl clone for the Boy Who Actually Saw A Woman’s Breast . The Boy Who Actually Saw A Woman’s Breast is regarded as royalty on the all-male mining planet of Jupiter because of his unique and exotic contact with a woman. It is Curtis’ intention to take The Boy to Venus and trade him for the remains of Johnny R., a man who spent his lifetime serving as a human stud for the Southern belles of Venus, a planet populated only by women. Upon returning Johnny R’s body to his bereaved family on earth, Curtis will receive a handsome reward. While hashing out the plan with the Blueberry Pirate, Curtis is spotted by his nemesis, Professor Hess . Possessed by an enigmatic obsession with Curtis, Hess is capable of killing only without reason; that is, unless his intended victim is someone with whom he has unresolved issues. Hess has been pursuing Samuel Curtis throughout the solar system in order that he might forgive him, then kill him. Along the way, Hess has executed each and every individual to come into contact with Curtis. Unaware of this danger, Curtis sets forth on his mission. After retrieving The Boy Who Actually Saw A Woman’s Breast from Jupiter, Curtis is contacted by Professor Hess, who makes his intentions known. Fearful, Curtis and The Boy look for a place to hide. They come across a primitive space station constructed by Nevada State silver miners from the late 1800s. Inside they discover a small group of miners still alive, their bodies crippled and deformed by space atrophy. Unable to return home for fear that Earth’s gravity would kill them, two of the miners mated and give birth to a boy known as Body Suit . He has been raised in a suit of hydraulics to simulate Earth\'s gravity with his parent\'s intention of him eventually being sent home. In trade for supplies and sanctuary, Curtis agrees to deliver Body Suit to Earth. Once they land on the lush planet of Venus, the terrain dramatically changes, and Curtis is inspired by a plan. "The American Astronaut Press Kit", "Artistic License Films.com", 2008.'] ["{{Expand section}} Jim Dancer  is a of the members of Quantrill's Raiders, staging attacks on Kansas on behalf of the fallen Confederacy in the years following the Civil War.http://www.allmovie.com/movie/fighting-man-of-the-plains-v91372"] ['Retired US Marshal Matt Dillon, now a fur trapper, is shot by thieves, brought back to Dodge, and nursed by Kitty Russell, played by Amanda Blake. He is hunted by vengeful past nemesis Mannon, who holds a battered Kitty hostage in exchange for a showdown.'] ['In the Arizona Territory of the 1880s, rancher Dan Evans and his young sons witness a stagecoach holdup. When the driver, Bill Moons, overpowers one of the robbers and uses him as a human shield, Ben Wade, the leader of the gang, callously shoots both men. Wade and his men stop at the saloon in nearby Bisbee, Arizona, posing as cowhands. When Wade stays to seduce the pretty barmaid Emmy, he is captured, but his henchman Charlie Prince gets away with the news. The townspeople fear what his men will do, so the town marshal decides to have two volunteers sneak the prisoner to Contention City to catch a train, the 3:10 to Yuma. Mr. Butterfield, the stage-line owner, offers $200 for the dangerous job. Desperate after three years of drought, Dan jumps at the opportunity, but the only other man interested is the town drunk, Alex Potter. When no one else steps forward, the marshal reluctantly accepts them. Wade is placed on a stagecoach, which then stops  for a faked repair; the outlaw is secretly taken off while the stage continues on with an imposter, in the hopes that by the time the outlaws figure out what has happened, it will be too late. Wade is taken to Dan\'s ranch, where Dan\'s devoted wife Alice serves supper to the family and their "guest". Dan, Alex and Wade leave under cover of darkness, reaching Contention City at daybreak. Butterfield has reserved the bridal suite at the hotel. While they wait for the train, Wade tries several times to bribe Dan into letting him go, his interest in Dan seeming to go beyond a simple exchange of freedom for cash. Dan is greatly tempted. The local sheriff is out of town, but Butterfield hires five men to help escort the prisoner to the train. Things go awry when Bob Moons barges in unexpectedly and threatens to shoot his brother\'s killer. Dan wrestles his gun away from him, but in the struggle, it goes off. Downstairs, Charlie Prince, who has also come to Contention City, hears the gunshot, and spots Wade in a window. Charlie is seen riding off to fetch the rest of the gang. The men Butterfield recruited watch as seven riders enter the town. Not liking the odds, they retreat, leaving only Dan, Alex and Butterfield. When Alex goes out to reconnoiter, he spots one of Wade\'s men on a rooftop opposite the hotel. Alex calls out, warning Dan, but is shot in the back by Prince. The gang hangs the wounded Alex from the lobby chandelier, killing him. Butterfield decides that maintaining Wade as a prisoner is not worth the risk, and releases Dan from his obligation. Alice arrives and also tries to change her husband\'s mind, but he is committed: "The town drunk gave his life because he believed that people should be able to live in decency and peace together. You think I can do less?" When the clock strikes three, Dan escorts Wade out the back door. Gang members take shots whenever they can without endangering Wade, but despite their best efforts, they cannot stop the pair from reaching the platform, where the train is waiting. Finally, the outlaws emerge to confront Dan as the train starts to leave. Charlie shouts for Wade to drop to allow them a clear shot at Dan. Instead, Wade unexpectedly tells Dan to jump into the passing baggage car. They jump together. The gang starts to run after the train, but Dan shoots Charlie and the rest then let it go. Wade explains himself, saying he felt he owed Dan for protecting him from Bob Moons in the hotel room, and confidently claiming he has broken out of the Yuma Jail before , but whether these statements reflect his true motivations and prospects is not clear. Alice sees Dan safe on the train as rain pours down on her, breaking the long drought.'] ['Con man "Candy" Johnson  and his friend "Sniper"  flee town using quick wits and magic tricks. They catch a train to Yellow Creek, Nevada, where a gold rush is in progress. Aboard, he meets Elizabeth Cotton ; she takes an instant dislike to him. When they arrive, Candy is amused to discover she is the daughter of "Judge" Cotton , an old acquaintance of his. Elizabeth is unaware of her father\'s crooked past and present. Later that night, Candy, Sniper and the judge go to the local saloon. There, Candy finds another old friend of his, "Gold Dust" Nelson . She points out to him the owner , Brazos Hearn . When a gambler claims that the saloon is crooked, Candy takes his side. He forces Brazos into a game of Russian Roulette with him. The sheriff gives up after the fourth round and gives Candy $5000 to end the contest. Candy later reveals to Sniper and the judge that he had palmed the bullet; the gun was unloaded. When Candy brings the judge home, Elizabeth berates him for getting her father drunk and being a bad influence. Candy overhears a hotel guest, Mrs. Varner , the widow of a preacher, say there is no church in the town. Candy gives her $1,500 to build one. Before leaving, Candy manages to kiss Elizabeth four times before being slapped. Mrs. Varner asks her why she did not stop him at the second. Candy opens a rival saloon and gambling den, which becomes more popular than Brazos\'. Gold Dust becomes jealous of Elizabeth and tells her not to expect a wedding ring. Undiscouraged, Elizabeth gets Candy to marry her by first getting him drunk. When Candy tells his new father-in-law, Cotton confesses to Elizabeth that he and Candy are both cheap crooks, and there is no hope of reforming either one. Elizabeth refuses to give up hope. That night, she locks Candy out of her bedroom so she have a "proper courtship," infuriating him. He breaks down the door only to tell her "goodnight" and then storms off to have a "private" dinner with Gold Dust. Elizabeth shows up and makes up with Candy. The next morning, she persuades him to leave his guns at home. Brazos, seeing he is unarmed, sends one of his men to shoot him. Candy turns out to have a concealed weapon, and kills the man. Brazos tries to call it murder, but the townspeople disagree. When Candy learns that Brazos had appointed himself sheriff, he gets himself elected as his replacement. He soon controls the town and amasses a huge fortune through various underhanded means. Even Brazos joins him. When Elizabeth announces that she is pregnant, Candy is overjoyed. Upon hearing the news, the judge asks Elizabeth how Candy acquired the wealth to build her a mansion. When she is unmoved, he tells her that she did not change Candy, he changed her. Candy\'s men pressure him to dispose of the judge, who is telling the townsfolk all he knows about Candy\'s setup. To save Cotton\'s life, Candy puts him on a train out of town, but the judge returns and is shot in the back by Brazos during a town meeting. When she hears of her father\'s death, Elizabeth falls from her carriage, losing the baby and nearly her own life. Following her life-saving operation, a distraught Candy decides to leave Elizabeth, as he is no good for her. Before he can, Candy learns of an armed confrontation between the townspeople and his men barricaded in city hall. Candy goes inside. He shoots it out with Brazos, who has taken over, and kills him. Then he lies to the men, telling them that the governor has sent the militia to attack them . The crooks all run away. Candy and Sniper end up at a hotel in Cheyenne. Sniper sends Elizabeth a telegram telling her where they are. She follows and is reunited with her husband.'] ['Cable Hogue  is isolated in the desert, awaiting his partners, Taggart  and Bowen , who are scouting for water. The two plot to seize what little water remains to save themselves. Hogue, who hesitates to defend himself, is disarmed and abandoned to almost certain death. Confronted with sandstorms and other desert elements, Hogue bargains with God. Four days later, about to perish, he stumbles upon a muddy pit. He digs and discovers an abundant supply of water. After discovering that his well is the only source of water between two towns on a stagecoach route, he decides to live there and build a business. Hogue\'s first paying customer is the Rev. Joshua Duncan Sloane ([[David Warner , a wandering minister of a church of his own revelation. Joshua doubts the legitimacy of Hogue\'s claim to the spring, prompting Hogue to race into town to file at the land office. Hogue faces the mockery of everyone he tells about his discovery. That does not deter him from buying {{convert}} surrounding his spring. He immediately goes to the stage office to drum up business but is thrown out by the skeptical owner. He pitches his business plan to a bank president, who is dubious about the claim. Hogue impresses the banker with his attitude and he is staked to $100. Hogue, who hasn’t bathed since his desert wanderings, decides to treat himself to a night with Hildy , a prostitute in the town saloon. They quickly develop a jovial understanding but before they can consummate the transaction, Hogue remembers that he has still not set up his boundary markers and rushes out, much to Hildy\'s chagrin. She chases him out of the saloon in a sequence that wreaks havoc on the town. Back at the spring, Hogue and Joshua get to work, dubbing the claim Cable Springs. The two decide to go into town and are drunk by the time they arrive. Hogue makes up with Hildy and spends the night with her, leaving Joshua to pursue his passion: the seduction of emotionally vulnerable women. Hogue and Joshua continue to run the robust business, delighting in shocking the often genteel travelers with the realities of frontier life. In moments of solitude, Hogue and Joshua philosophize on the nature of love and the passing of their era. Joshua decides that he must return to town. Hildy arrives at Cable Springs having been "asked" to leave by the modernizing townfolk, who can no longer abide open prostitution in their midst. She tells Hogue that she will leave for San Francisco in the morning but winds up staying with him for three weeks. This time elapses during a tender, romantic montage. Then one day, Taggart and Bowen arrive on the stagecoach. Hogue lets them believe that he bears them no ill will. Hogue alludes to a huge stash of cash that he has hoarded, knowing that the two men will return to steal it. When they do, Hogue orders them to strip to their underwear to venture into the desert, just as he had been forced to do. Taggart, believing Hogue will once again hesitate to defend himself, reaches for his gun but Hogue shoots him dead. A motor car appears, driving right past Cable Springs with no need or interest in stopping for water. The drivers laugh at the archaic scene of western violence as they race past. "Drove right by," says Hogue in amazement. "Well, that\'s gonna be the next fella\'s worry." Hogue takes mercy on the grovelling Bowen. He even gives him Cable Springs, having decided to go to San Francisco to find Hildy. The stagecoach arrives and Hogue gets ready to pack up when suddenly another motorcar appears. This one does stop and Hildy emerges, opulently dressed. She has become prosperous and now on her way to New Orleans, has come to see if Hogue is ready to join her. He agrees but while he loads the motorcar he accidentally trips its brake. The car runs over Hogue as he pushes Bowen out of the way. Joshua, who arrives by motorcycle, gives a eulogy for Hogue as he dies. This segues into a funeral with the cast standing mournfully over Hogue\'s grave. They are grieving not only the death of the man but the era he represents. The stagecoach and motorcar drive off in opposite directions, with a coyote wandering into the abandoned Cable Springs. But the coyote has a collar - possibly symbolising the taming of the wilderness.'] ['During the American Civil War, Jonah Hex  served as a Confederate cavalryman until his commanding officer, Quentin Turnbull , a general for the Confederates who is obsessed with the fall of the Union, ordered him to burn down a hospital. Hex refused, and was forced to kill his best friend, Turnbull\'s son Jeb. After the war, a vengeful Turnbull and his right-hand man, Burke , a psychopathic man who often takes pleasure in those he kills or torments, tie up Hex and force him to watch as his house is burned down with his wife and son inside. Turnbull then brands Hex\'s face with his initials, "QT", and leaves him to die of thirst or exposure. Days later, American Indians find Jonah and revive him with their mystical powers. While they did manage to bring Jonah, for the most part, back from the dead, it is stated that they couldn\'t bring all of him back. As a result Jonah acquired the ability to, as long as he maintains physical contact with the corpse, temporarily resurrect and communicate with the dead, bringing the corpse physically and mentally back to its condition prior to death . It is also explained that the fresher the dead, the quicker that body begins to burn up as they are being touched. Once contact is broken, the corpse instantaneously reverts back to its former, lifeless condition. When Turnbull apparently dies in a hotel fire, Hex satisfies his hunger for vengeance by turning to bounty hunting. In 1876, Hex rides into the town of Stunk Crick with four dead outlaws and demands his bounty, only to realize that the mayor and sheriff have no intention of paying, intending instead to kill Hex for his own bounty. Hex instead kills them and several sheriff\'s deputies, collects his bounty from the dead mayor\'s pockets, and leaves. In another part of the country, Turnbull, alive and well, orchestrates the hijacking of a train carrying components of a classified weapon, slaughtering its military guards and civilian passengers alike. When informed of the theft, President Grant  surmises that Turnbull is planning a terrorist attack for July 4, during the celebration of the American centennial. Grant instructs Army Lieutenant Grass  to find Hex and hire him to stop Turnbull. Jonah goes to a brothel and spends the night with Lilah , a prostitute attracted to the disfigured man for more than just professional reasons. As Jonah prepares to leave the next morning, Grass\' men burst in and tell Jonah that Turnbull is still alive. They show him a captured thug from the train hijacking who told them Turnbull is headed northwest, before dying during interrogation. But Jonah briefly resurrects the man and learns that he has no knowledge of Turnbull\'s whereabouts; the best he can do is tell who recruited him: ex-Colonel Slocum , who is running an illegal deathmatch pavilion in South Carolina, to the southeast. With the help of a corrupt Washington aristocrat, Adleman Lusk , Turnbull tracks down and steals the remaining components of the weapon he is seeking. When Hex confronts Slocum in South Carolina, Slocum refuses to talk, sarcastically telling Hex to ask Turnbull\'s dead son, Jeb, where his father is. Jonah then overpowers Slocum\'s men and throws Slocum himself into the ring, to be killed by his own fighters. After setting fire to the ring, Jonah frees a dog being tormented by Slocum\'s handlers, which starts to follow him around. In a cemetery in Gettysburg, Jonah digs up and resurrects Jeb Turnbull . Jonah apologizes for killing Jeb, and says that his father has to be stopped before he murders more people. Jeb reveals that his father is at Fort Resurrection, and then returns to the afterlife. After entering the fort, Hex sees plans for the "superweapon" that Turnbull has stolen and assembled. In another part of the fort, Turnbull explains to Burke that the weapon was designed by Eli Whitney for the U.S. military, but they refrained from building it after realizing its destructive power. Jonah confronts Turnbull, killing several of his men, but Turnbull escapes and Hex receives a near-fatal wounding from Burke, but is able to escape. He collapses in a field, hovering near death for several days. Turnbull, anticipating that Hex will return, sends Burke to bring him "something Hex loves." Burke kidnaps Lilah from the brothel. Turnbull test-fires the "superweapon" on a small town in Georgia, which is leveled to the ground, killing hundreds of civilians. When President Grant receives the news, his aide reports that they have no idea where in the country Turnbull will strike, and that they do not have enough military manpower to guard all the centennial celebrations. Hex is found by his Native American allies, who perform a ceremony that heals Jonah. Back on his feet, he relays a message to Lt. Grass that Turnbull plans to attack Washington, D.C., then rides to Independence Harbor alone to stop him. When Jonah attempts to infiltrate the harbor where Turnbull\'s ironclad warship is anchored, Burke spots him and attacks him. Hex overpowers and kills him, then uses his powers to bring Burke back from the dead, just to incinerate his body completely. Jonah prepares to shoot Turnbull but Turnbull holds Lilah at gunpoint and forces Jonah to surrender. Turnbull chains Jonah and Lilah in the hold of his ship and tells Jonah that he wants him to watch as the Union is destroyed. The ship leaves harbor and steams toward Washington, D.C. A monitor commanded by Lt. Grass intercepts Turnbull, but is quickly destroyed with the weapon, which has been mounted on the bow. In the hold, Lilah picks her handcuffs and frees herself and Jonah. She holds off the guards with two pistols while Jonah rushes up to the deck to stop Turnbull, who gains the upper hand and orders the weapon to fire. The weapon blankets Washington with a volley of delay-action bomb shells, and Turnbull gives the order for the trigger shell to be launched. But Hex and Turnbull\'s fight takes them down into the engine room, where Hex throws his tomahawk into the weapon\'s belt feeder, trapping the trigger shell. He then brutally beats Turnbull and traps his neck in a gear, before saving Lilah. The pair jump into the water just as the trigger shell ignites in the engine room, killing Turnbull and all his men. The next day, President Grant rewards Jonah with a large sum of money, a full pardon, and offers him a job as Sheriff of the United States. Jonah declines, but assures the president that if they need him, they\'ll be able to find him. Lilah is waiting for him outside the White House, and they leave the city together. In the last scene, Jonah visits Jeb\'s grave to apologize for having to kill his father, then rides out of the cemetery with his dog.'] ["Mercenary Martin Brady is employed by the Castro brothers, Marcos , a General and Cipriano  a Governor. On a business trip to the United States to arrange the sale of a wagonload of rifles and ammunition he is delayed when he breaks his leg in an accident. Treated by Dr Stovall  he stays with two German Americans, Ben  and Ludwig  to recover. Brady's expertise is sought by the commanders of the local U.S. Army, Major Colton  and Texas Rangers Captain Rucker  who are planning a mission against hostile Apaches in Mexico. Captain Rucker knows that Brady revenged himself on the murderer of his father but no charges are standing. However his falling in love with Colton's wife Helen , and also his shooting a man who drew on him  sends him back to Mexico. Brady finds himself between the ambitious Castro brothers and assisting the U.S. Army's Buffalo Soldiers led by a wounded Major Colton and his sergeant .{{cite journal}}"] ['In 1896, Jeff Webster  hears of the Klondike gold rush and he and friend Ben Tatum  decide to drive a herd of cattle to Dawson City. On the way, he annoys self-appointed Skagway judge Gannon  by interrupting a hanging, so the "lawman" confiscates his herd. Jeff and Ben steal the animals back and take off with Gannon and his men in hot pursuit. After crossing the border into Canada, Jeff uses a few well-placed warning shots to persuade Gannon\'s gang to give up the chase, but the judge promises a hot reception when Jeff returns. When Jeff gets to Dawson, he finds widespread  lawlessness, and ignores it as none of his business. He auctions off his herd to new arrival Ronda Castle , one of Gannon\'s business associates, when she outbids Hominy , Grits  and Molasses , co-owners of the local hash house. Both Ronda and French-Canadian gamine Renee Vallon  are strongly attracted to Jeff. Ronda sets up a saloon in partnership with Gannon and begins cheating the miners out of their claims. Gannon and his gunmen show up to grab their share , making Dawson much more dangerous. Jeff stays out of it, instead planning to sneak out by river while Gannon is otherwise occupied. However, Gannon is tipped off when Ben buys extra coffee for the long trip; his men kill Ben and wound Jeff, finally forcing him to take sides. Jeff calls Gannon out to settle the dispute man to man, but the villain arranges an ambush. Ronda rushes out to warn Jeff and is fatally shot in the back. Jeff kills Gannon in the ensuing gunfight and the rest of his gang surrender to the fed-up longtime residents.'] ['The year is 1886, and Sergeant Bugs is assigned to protect a Cavalry outpost, Fort Lariat, from invaders. Yosemite Sam, accompanied by local Indians, attempts to invade the fort and fails on several occasions, aggravating the Indians in the process. The story concludes with Bugs and Sam in the middle of a clash between the returning Cavalry and the Indians. Bugs manages to escape into a hole in the ground, while Sam does not-he and his horse are "flattened" after being caught between charging US Cavalry and Indians.'] ['In 1868, Ethan Edwards  returns from the American Civil War, in which he fought for the Confederacy, to the home of his brother Aaron  in the wilderness of west Texas. Wrongdoing or legal trouble in Ethan\'s past is suggested by his three-year absence, a large quantity of gold coins in his possession, a Mexican revolutionary war medal that he gives to his young niece Debbie , and his refusal to take an oath of allegiance to the Texas Rangers, as well as Rev. Samuel Clayton mentioning that Ethan "fits a lot of descriptions". Shortly after Ethan\'s arrival, cattle belonging to his neighbor Lars Jorgensen  are stolen, and when Captain Samuel Clayton  leads Ethan and a group of Rangers to follow the trail, they discover that the theft was a ploy by Comanche to draw the men away from their families. When they return home, they find the Edwards homestead in flames; Aaron, his wife Martha ([[Dorothy Jordan , and their son Ben  dead; and Debbie and her older sister Lucy  abducted.  After a brief funeral, the men return to pursuing the Comanches. When they find their camp, Ethan recommends an open attack, in which the girls would be killed, but Clayton insists on sneaking in. The Rangers find the camp deserted, and when they continue their pursuit, the Indians almost catch them in a trap. The Rangers fend off the Indian attack, but with too few men to ensure victory, Clayton and the posse return home, leaving Ethan to continue his search for the girls with Lucy\'s fiancé Brad Jorgensen  and Debbie\'s adopted brother Martin Pawley . However, after Ethan finds Lucy brutally murdered and presumably raped in a canyon near the Comanche camp, Brad becomes enraged, rides wildly into the camp, and is killed. Ethan and Martin search until winter, when they lose the trail. When they return to the Jorgensen ranch, Martin is enthusiastically welcomed by the Jorgensens\' daughter Laurie , and Ethan finds a letter waiting for him from a man named Futterman, who has information about Debbie. Ethan, who would rather travel alone, leaves without Martin the next morning, but Laurie provides Martin with a horse to catch up. At Futterman\'s  trading post, Ethan and Martin learn that Debbie has been taken by Scar ([[Henry Brandon , the chief of the Nawyecka band of Comanches. A year or more later, Laurie receives a letter from Martin describing the ongoing search. In reading the letter aloud, Laurie narrates the next few scenes, in which Ethan kills Futterman for trying to steal his money, Martin accidentally buys a Comanche wife, and the two men find part of Scar\'s tribe killed by soldiers.  After looking for Debbie at a military fort, Ethan and Martin go to New Mexico, where a Mexican man leads them to Scar. They find Debbie, now an adolescent , living as one of Scar\'s wives. When she meets with the men outside the camp, she says she has become a Comanche and asks them to leave without her. However, Ethan would rather see her dead than living as an Indian. He tries to shoot her, but Martin shields her with his body and a Comanche shoots Ethan with an arrow. Ethan and Martin escape to safety, where Martin saves Ethan by tending to his wound. Martin is furious at Ethan for attempting to kill Debbie and wishes him dead. "That\'ll be the day," Ethan replies. The men then return home.  Meanwhile, Charlie McCorry  has been courting Laurie in Martin\'s absence. Ethan and Martin arrive home just as Charlie and Laurie\'s wedding is about to begin. After a fistfight between Martin and Charlie, a nervous "Yankee" soldier, Lt. Greenhill , arrives with news that Ethan\'s half-crazy friend Mose Harper  knows where Scar is. Clayton leads his men to the Comanche camp, this time for a direct attack, but Martin is allowed to sneak in and rescue Debbie, who welcomes him. During the attack, Martin kills Scar and Ethan scalps him. When Ethan sees Debbie, Martin is unable to stop him from chasing her, but instead of killing her, Ethan carries her home. Once Debbie is safely with her family, and Martin is reunited with Laurie, Ethan walks away, alone, the cabin door closing on his receding image in one of the most famous and iconic closing scenes in film history.The Searchers Special, AMC Television'] ["It is 1924 and the height of Prohibition. Oklahoma is still a wild and lawless haven for all manner of criminals, and even the men who are sworn to uphold the law are themselves corrupt and part of the new crime syndicates looking to expand into the new markets and towns. One of these men is Wiley Lynn , an unscrupulous federal agent who hides behind the power his badge gives him and ruthlessly deals with anyone who stands in his way, even his own wife. His drinking and drug addiction further feed his increasingly violent and erratic behavior. Bill Tilghman  is a legendary lawman who is as famous for his shooting and exploits with one-time partner Wyatt Earp as he is for his virtue and honesty. Now retired from law enforcement to a more normal home life in Chandler, Oklahoma with his wife Zoe and their two young sons, he turns to directing and starring in a movie about his Wild West exploits. Concerned about audiences' growing appetite for movies that romanticize and exaggerate the past, he is especially intent on producing a movie that deglamorizes and more accurately portrays the lives of outlaws. Fed up with the growing and indiscriminate violence and chaos in their town, the people of Cromwell reluctantly turn to Tilghman to help restore order and kick out the criminal element. Although he is faced with several corrupt business owners who frequently attempt to thwart his efforts, Tilghman quickly wins over the more intimidated or skeptical townsfolk with his honesty, wit and fair dealing. They gradually become more assertive and willing to take a more active role in directly dealing with the gamblers, swindlers, murderers, and prostitutes. Before long, Cromwell becomes a quiet and genteel town. The new order does not sit well with Lynn, who dismisses Tilghman as a relic whose time has long passed. Having previously murdered three other men in cold blood, Lynn sets his sights on Tilghman."] ["Gar Davis has to get out of Largo in a hurry because a man's been killed. He comes across a man in Comanche territory killed by an arrow. Gar takes the man's jacket, then shoves the corpse over a cliff, hoping the posse pursuing him will think he's the one who is dead. Trying to steal a horse, Gar's face is grazed by a bullet shot by young Chad Grey, whose mother Celia tends to the stranger's wound. Indians attack the house. Gar helps fend them off, after which he and the Greys take off on horseback toward the safety of Fort Dobbs. On the trail, an outlaw called Clett kills a Comanche who's about to bushwhack Gar, saving his life. Gar doesn't trust him, though, because Clett is carrying cases of rifles that he could be selling to the Indians rather than to soldiers at the fort. Clett tries to take advantage of Celia, but even though Gar comes to her aid, Celia no longer trusts him because she's found the jacket Gar stole. It belonged to her husband, so Celia is now convinced that Gar murdered him, making her a widow. Fort Dobbs' soldiers are all dead. A sheriff appreciates Gar's help fighting the Indians, but lets him know he must place Gar under arrest. Gar claims he killed the Largo man in self-defense after an argument. Permitted to ride to Santa Fe to get help, Gar ends up killing Clett for the rifles, bringing them back to save the fort and to win the widow's trust."] ['After being double-crossed in an arms deal planned by arms dealer Scotty , the Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa  and Scotty raid a US Army weapons depot in retaliation.'] ["Cheyenne Harry tries to help his outlaw friend Padden evade arrest after Padden has drunkenly shot another man. In the end, the two mismatched friends fight it out, leaving Padden dead. In a romantic subplot, Harry's fiancée Alice leaves him, but finally returns."] ["Life in the Arizona Territory of the 1860s is hard, but Phoebe Titus , the only American woman in the pioneering community of Tucson, is up to the challenge. She catches the eye of Peter Muncie , a handsome young man with a wagon train passing through on the way to California. He begins courting her, but tells her he is not ready to settle down in one spot. As a possible solution, Phoebe offers him a job heading a new freight company she has just formed with store owner Solomon Warner ([[Paul Harvey . He, however, is determined to see California, but promises to return when his wanderlust is satisfied. Phoebe is more than a match for freight competitor Lazarus Ward . However, a dandy named Jefferson Carteret  shows up just as the American Civil War breaks out. He helps her persuade wavering residents to stay after the Union garrison pulls out, leaving them without protection against the Indians. Carteret pretends to be Phoebe's friend, but coerces Ward into making him a secret partner. The treacherous pair try every underhanded way they can to destroy her business. They bribe Indian chief Mano with guns to attack her wagons. The Confederates gain the  allegiance of the community by sending some troops, but they are soon recalled east, and Union soldiers take over, among them Peter, now a sergeant. He helps Phoebe secure a lucrative army freight contract, but Carteret has Ward slander her to the Union commander, claiming that she supported the departed Confederates. Peter and Phoebe get the truth out of Ward at gunpoint, and regain the contract. Soon after, Peter's enlistment expires. Phoebe persuades Peter to go to Nebraska to get cattle for the ranch she has always dreamed of owning. She has already bought a great deal of land cheaply from those who had left because of the troubles. However, the $15,000 the army paid her is stolen by Carteret's men. Carteret then offers to make her a loan, with her business and land as security. She accepts. Six months later, Carteret abruptly tells Phoebe that her loan is due. Fortunately, Peter is half a day away with their herd. Carteret gets the Indians to attack, but Peter and his men are able to fight them off. Peter gets a confession from one of Carteret's men, but Carteret kills his henchman. Then he shoots Ward in the back to rid himself of the last incriminating loose end. The entire town celebrates as Phoebe and Peter get married. Then he has her wait for him in Solomon's store while he goes to settle accounts with Carteret. Shots are heard, then a relieved Phoebe takes her slightly wounded new husband home."] ["Hell's Hinges tells the story of a minister, Rev. Bob Henley , who comes to a gunfighter-plagued town with his sister, Faith . The owner of the saloon, Silk Miller , and his accomplices sense trouble and hire gunman Blaze Tracy , the most dangerous man around, to run the minister out of town.  Rev. Henley is seduced by the dance-hall girl, Dolly , and falls from grace as his sister, Faith, rehabilitates Blaze Tracey, who finds something special in her, and soon Miller and the others have Blaze to deal with."] ["The wealthy McNeil wants to control Prairie City and the land around it. He tries to burn out small ranchers and then hires gunfighter Johnny Crale to run them off. Sven Hansen learns from neighbor Jose Mirada that there is oil on his land. Sven stands up to Crale, his only weapon a harpoon from his past as a whaling fisherman, and Crale shoots him dead. The dead man's son, George Hansen, arrives in town and finds out that his father has died, but isn't sure how. The sheriff is in McNeil's pocket and unwilling to help. George tries talking to Molly, the wife of Crale, but ends up beaten unconscious and dumped on a train leaving town. Mirada is the next one gunned down by Crale, but his courage impresses the killer, who in a fit of rage shoots McNeil, the man who hired him. George Hansen returns to town for a showdown and is wounded before getting the better of Crale with his father's harpoon."] ['Trapper Jed Cooper  and his two best friends Gus  and Mungo  are relieved of their possessions by some unfriendly Indians, so they seek shelter at a nearby army fort, commanded by Captain Riordan . The captain recruits the three men as scouts. Also at the fort is Corrina Marston , waiting for her missing husband, Colonel Frank Marston ([[Robert Preston . Jed quickly falls in love with Mrs. Marston, sensing her ambivalence about her husband; when the colonel returns, he is revealed to be an unmitigated tyrant, driven to redeem himself after a disastrous battle at Shiloh, where over a thousand of his men were killed unnecessarily. Marston wants to attack the regional Indian chief, Red Cloud, believing this will restore his good name and return him to the battle back east. He ignores the fact that most of the men at the fort are raw recruits, hopelessly outnumbered and completely unprepared for the vicious fighting they will face with the Indians. Jed is faced with the decision of letting Marston go on with his mad scheme, or finding a way to do away with him.'] ['The rebels want the "Dutchman"  to rob a train carrying $500,000 in gold on behalf of Victoriano Huerta to finance the Mexican Revolution. So the Dutchman enlists four other men, a strong man , an acrobat , an explosives specialist  and a samurai , promising to reward each one a thousand dollars. Their first undertaking is to save the rebel leader from being executed. After thwarting the execution and having caused a riot in the village, the five men are forced to flee, along with all the civilians in order to prevent reprisals. Nevertheless, some soldiers still manage to find them and bring them to the local Mexican Army commandant. They manage to escape, killing the soldiers and dynamiting the fort\'s magazine. A squad of soldiers manage to pick up their trail. All seems lost when suddenly, in a gorge, dozens of revolutionaries cover the escape of the five men. The few revolutionaries are vastly outnumbered, but this serves to make the five men understand how important the success of their business. The train is heavily defended by a cannon, machine guns and dozens of soldiers. The difficult robbery succeeds. The men all believed however that the Dutchman would not really give the gold to the revolutionaries but divide it evenly between them. The Dutchman wants to respect the agreement, though, having his personal reasons. In the final showdown, the Five Man Army kills all soldiers and the Mexicans arrive to celebrate the men as heroes.'] ['It is the dawn of the 20th century, and an elderly Chinese man rides a jackass into Abalone, Arizona, his only visible possession a fishbowl occupied by an innocuous-looking fish. This magical visitor, Dr. Lao , visits Edward Cunningham\'s  newspaper and places a large ad for his traveling circus, which will play in Abalone for two nights only. Though quiet, Abalone is not peaceful; wealthy rancher Clinton Stark  has inside information that a railroad is coming to town, and he is scheming to buy up the place while the land is cheap. Stark is opposed in this power grab by Cunningham, who is also romantically pursuing the town\'s librarian, Angela Benedict , a beautiful young widow still grieving the death of her husband. After doing some research, Cunningham visits the circus site which has sprung up at the edge of town, and confronts Lao with the fact that Lao\'s alleged hometown vanished centuries ago. Lao deflects Cunningham\'s questions. However, as Lao puts up posters around town advertising his circus, he is assisted by Angela\'s young son Mike , who learns that the mysterious wanderer is 7,322 years old. The circus opens its doors, and the townsfolk flock in. Along with the main cast, the gawkers include a shrewish wife and Mrs Cassan, a foolish widow who clings to her self-image of a young beauty. Lao uses his many faces to offer his wisdom to the visitors; only some of whom take heed of this advice. Mrs Cassan has, to her dismay, her dark future pretold by Apollonius of Tyana, a blind prophet who is cursed to tell the absolute truth, no matter how cruel and shocking it may be. Appollonius tells her she will never be married and will live a lonely, meaningless existence, having accomplished so little she might as well have never lived at all. Stark has a disquieting meeting with the Great Serpent, Mike befriends the pathetic Merlin and Angela is aroused from her emotional repression by Pan\'s intoxicating music. After Medusa turns the disbelieving shrew to stone, Lao calls an end to the proceedings and Merlin restores the now-reformed woman. Mike visits Lao and tries to get a job, displaying his novice juggling and conjuring skills. Lao instead offers some advice and observations about the world , which Mike doesn\'t understand, and Lao claims to not understand either. Meanwhile, Stark\'s two thuggish henchmen destroy the newspaper office. Cunningham and his pressman discover the devastation, go drown their sorrows, then stagger back to learn that the damage has been magically repaired by Lao. They rush out an abbreviated edition of the paper, which Cunningham delivers in person to Stark. The next night, Lao stages his grand finale, a magic lantern show in which the mythical city of "Woldercan," populated by doubles of the townfolk, is destroyed when it succumbs to temptation personified by Stark, . The show ends in explosions and darkness but as the house lights gradually come back up, the townsfolk find themselves now in a town meeting, voting on Stark\'s proposal. They reject it, and a redeemed Stark tells them about the coming railroad, while noting that they owe a debt of gratitude to Lao. A dust-storm blows up, and as the townsfolk scatter, Angela opens up to Ed, finally admitting that she is in love with him. Stark\'s henchmen, confused by their boss\' apparent change of character, in a drunken spree decide to trash Lao\'s circus. Unfortunately, they shoot at, and break, Lao\'s fishbowl. The inhabitant is revealed  to indeed be the Loch Ness Monster, which balloons to enormous size when exposed to the open air. After it chases the two thugs into the storm , reminding Mike that the Circus of Dr. Lao is life itself, and everything in it is a wonder.'] ['Before his capture, Geronimo had cursed white men, causing people to become zombies. Later, at a house in a small town a man named Ben Goodman  acts suspiciously and attacks and eats his wife and daughter\'s brains. Luke , a cowboy living in the town, plans to marry a saloon girl. On arriving at the saloon to propose to her, he encounters Elmer Winslow , who has just arrived in town, and discovers that his "princess" is a prostitute. He picks a fight with Elmer until Sheriff Claypool , who owns the saloon, jails them and steals $500 which Elmer is carrying. In the adjacent cell is Ben, awaiting his hanging the next morning. Elmer and Luke escape and lock Deputy Cletus  in the cell, where he is bitten by Ben. Luke and Elmer find the sheriff and the prostitute having sex. They steal all the sheriff\'s money and make a getaway. When the sheriff releases Cletus from the cell he is bitten by him. The next morning hang Ben and assemble a posse to pursue the two fugitives. Luke and Elmer are ambushed in their sleep by Sue , Geronimo\'s niece who was kidnapped and taken to New York to be educated and has now returned to take her revenge on the soldiers who killed her uncle. After a difficult start they become friends, despite Elmer revealing that he is an army deserter. Sheriff Claypool and Cletus, now zombies, attack the other members of the posse, who also become zombies. They are ambushed by Elmer, Luke and Sue, who realise they cannot be killed and flee. Meanwhile, the townspeople cut Ben down from the gallows, not realising that hanging cannot "kill" him. He attacks the townspeople. The town\'s minister  manages to escape by locking himself in an upstairs room at the saloon, now besieged by a horde of zombies. The following morning he climbs out of the window to get water, but is pursued by zombies and bitten by the prostitute. Elmer, Luke and Sue are captured by soldiers, former colleagues of Elmer\'s , who take them to their fort on the edge of the Grand Canyon. There they discover that the posse has arrived first and turned all the garrison into zombies, who attack the party and also turn all the other soldiers into zombies. They discover they can kill the zombies by decapitation. During the night, while hiding in the fort, Sue reveals that the only way to be cured of the zombie curse is to eat the living flesh of the medicine man who created the curse. They shoot several cookware objects out of a homemade blunderbuss at the sheriff and the zombies to no avail. Elmer tries to punch First Sergeant Kermit in the mouth, but gets bitten by him. After destroying most of the zombies by blowing up the magazine, he becomes a zombie and throws Cletus off the cliff, before biting Luke. Sue kills Sheriff Claypool, but is then attacked by Elmer and Luke. The next scene shows Elmer and Luke looking normal again, after having eaten Sue\'s flesh. The "eating the living flesh" cure apparently also works for relatives of the person who created the curse. Sue apparently tasted like gingerbread. The duo ride off into the sunset as Cletus stands up and chases them. An epilogue shows Ben digging up his family, now zombies themselves, from the cemetery and the three of them  skipping into town.'] ["The film, with a similar plot to High Noon, tells the story of Dan Ballard ([[John Payne  and Rose Evans  who are about to be married when Marshal Fred McCarty  and his deputies ride into town looking for Ballard. McCarty accuses Ballard of having murdered his brother and has come to arrest him. At first, the townspeople are on Ballard's side, but gradually they turn against him, especially when they believe that he has killed the town sheriff . Ballard tries to prove his innocence and expose McCarty ."] ['A man returns home to his village with Western cowboy duds and forms a gang with his old buddies. Getting into their role, the black cowboys spread panic throughout the village with brawls and robberies.'] [" During the Franco-Mexican War, ex-Confederate soldier Ben Trane  travels to Mexico seeking a job as a mercenary. He falls in with Joe Erin , a lethal gunslinger who heads a gang of cutthroats . They are recruited by Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico  to help escort Countess Duvarre  to Vera Cruz. Trane and Erin discover that the countess and Marquis Henri de Labordere  are secretly transporting a large cache of gold intended for the French army. All concerned, including Juarista secret agent Nina , conspire to steal it for their own purposes. Also involved in the mix is Morris Ankrum as a heroic Juarista leader. In the end, Trane and Erin face off in a showdown that concludes with Erin's death."] ["Following the discovery of gold in Mexican California in 1844, Russian Cossacks led by Count Ivan Raspinoff, in collusion with General Jason Burr, attempt to invade California and turn it into a Russian Colony with Burr as its dictator. In doing so they round up slaves to work the mines and General Burr has Don Loring's brother and father murdered to acquire their ore-rich land. When Don returns, having been away at the time with Salvation, Whipsaw and Captain John Fremont, he assumes the masked identity of The Eagle to stop them and get his revenge. He is aided by a group of vigilantes assembled from the Californian ranchers, fighting both General Burr's henchmen and Raspinoff's Cossacks, while awaiting the arrival of Captain Fremont's American troops before the colony becomes official."] ['The film is about a cowboy who rides into a small town that is ruled with an iron fist by a corrupt sheriff. He becomes involved with a pretty young town girl and some residents who are trying to oust the sheriff, resulting in a robbery, a murder and his being pursued by a vengeful posse. Written by Edward J. Lakso.'] ['Twenty years after his disappearance in 1908, an aged Butch Cassidy , living under the assumed name James Blackthorn in a secluded village in Bolivia, decides to end his long exile and return to the United States after learning of the death of Etta Place. He writes to her son, Ryan, who is in fact his own son, telling him he intends to return. After years of raising horses and living a solitary life, Blackthorn sets off for Potosí to sell his horses. He tells his lover, Yana , that he will see her again before leaving Bolivia. At Potosí, Blackthorn withdraws his savings from the bank, sells his horses, and then heads back to his village. Along the way, he is ambushed and nearly killed. He shoots his attacker, but not before Blackthorn\'s horse, Cinco, bolts off with his money. The shooter is Eduardo Apodaca , a Spaniard mining engineer who claims he was shooting at pursuers. He begs Blackthorn to save him, and offers to share part of the $50,000 he stole from Simón Patiño, a powerful Bolivian industrialist and mine owner. The money is hidden in an abandoned mine, and he will compensate Blackthorn for his help. Blackthorn and the Spaniard set out across the desert plateau with Patiño\'s posse within a day\'s pursuit. They reach the abandoned mine and find the money, but the posse catches up with them. Following a shootout, Blackthorn and the Spaniard escape with the money. They make their way to Blackthorn\'s cabin, where the famous outlaw remembers his old friendships with the Sundance Kid and Etta Place, and how they escaped from Pinkerton Detective Mackinley . Yana joins the men at the cabin, and Blackthorn gives her a pocket watch he won in a card game. At first she rejects it as a "gringo machine", but then accepts the gift as something to remember him by. Later, Yana returns to the cabin to stay with Blackthorn on his last night before leaving. The next morning, two female members of the posse come to the cabin looking for the Spaniard, and in the ensuing gunfight, Blackthorn is wounded, and Yana is killed. A heartbroken Blackthorn and the Spaniard leave with the rest of the posse not far behind. They set out across the Uyuni salt flats, hoping to reach the coast where Blackthorn can find a boat to take him home. Halfway across, the posse catches up to them, but Blackthorn and the Spaniard split up and are able to kill their pursuers and escape. When he reaches Tupiza, Blackthorn is treated by a doctor, who notifies former Pinkerton Detective Mackinley—now living a quiet life in Bolivia—of his famous patient. Mackinley confirms the man\'s identity. For years Mackinley claimed that the two bandits killed at San Vincente were not Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and now he will finally be proven correct. But after initially notifying the Bolivian army of the discovered outlaw, Mackinley changes his mind, returns Blackthorn\'s pistol, and helps him escape. When Mackinley later discovers that Blackthorn was involved with the Spaniard, he reveals the truth to him about the Spaniard and his pursuers. Apparently, the $50,000 the Spaniard stole was not from the powerful mine owner, Patiño, but from the mining families who recently took control of the mines. The Spaniard stole the money from "the people"—something Butch Cassidy would never have done. Although disgusted with Blackthorn\'s involvement, he does not betray him. Blackthorn tracks the Spaniard into the Andes, with the Bolivian army not far behind. When Blackthorn catches up with him and confronts him with the truth, the Spaniard does not deny it, saying the money he stole was indeed from the mine owners—just "different owners". Blackthorn shoots the Spaniard in the leg and leaves him and the money for the Bolivian army, who soon arrive and kill the thief. Blackthorn escapes across the mountains, remembering his life and friends in better days.<ref nameMateo Gil |titleDVD |publisherLos Angeles |date }}'] ["The film takes the plot of William Shakespeare's King Lear and places it in the Republic of Texas during the 19th century. Stewart stars as John Lear, a wealthy cattle baron and analog to King Lear. In the story, Lear divides his property among his daughters only to be rejected by them once they have it."] ['In modern times, a newspaper reports that "noted explorer and writer" Floyd Buckley  claims to have discovered the location of the lost gold mine. He is approached by Barry Storm ([[William Prince , who believes he has some claim to it, as the Dutchman was his grandfather. Buckley brushes him off, but when he heads into the Superstition Mountains, Storm secretly follows him. However, an unseen killer shoots Buckley, making him the fourth recent murder victim. Storm notifies Sheriff Early  and his deputies Covin  and Walter . Covin tells Storm more about the mine; a hundred years before, Pedro Peralta had hidden $20 million in gold in the most inaccessible of his mines, only to be killed by the Apaches for defiling a place holy to their "thunder god". His greed whetted, Storm investigates further. A flashback follows. In 1880, Jacob "Dutchy" Walz  and his friend Wiser  overhear Ludi  carelessly call his companion "Peralta" . Recognizing the name, they trail the pair into the mountains. After Ramon Peralta finds his brother\'s mine, Walz and Wiser gun their unwitting guides down in cold blood; then Walz treacherously shoots Wiser too. When Walz returns to Phoenix with huge gold nuggets, the news spreads quickly. Scheming, discontented Julia Thomas  becomes acquainted with Walz, without telling him she is married to Pete . His suspicions of her motives are allayed by the fact that she can speak German. They soon fall in love. When she finally tells him about her husband, Walz gives her money to bribe Pete into giving her a divorce. However, Walz later learns that Julia has lied to him repeatedly. Unseen, he watches as Julia placates her husband by telling him she will soon learn the location of the mine. Walz gives Julia directions to the treasure. Though Julia seems to care for Walz, Pete forces her to show him the map. When the couple reach the mine, Walz pins them down with his rifle. In the ensuing gunfight, Pete eventually runs out of bullets. Walz cruelly toys with them, letting them go without water. Finally, Julia stabs Pete in the back and pleads with Walz to believe she loves him. Before he can act, an earthquake triggers a rockfall that crushes her and closes the mine. The film returns to the present. Storm has uncovered enough information that he believes he knows where the mine is. When he gets to the key landmark, he encounters Covin, who pulls a gun on him. It turns out that the deputy has been searching for the mine for twenty years and has been disposing of his competitors. A fight breaks out; Covin is about to push Storm off the mountain when a poisonous snake bites him; he falls to his death. Afterwards, Sheriff Early points out that, even with the new clue, Storm does not know the exact location and would have to dig up the entire mountainside. At that point, Storm gives up the search.'] ['{{Expand section}} The sheriff of a small town is shot and the crooked mayor, The Honorable Hiram J. Sellers , and leading crook, Phil Decker , appoint a drunk, Reginald T. "Rags" Barnaby ([[Thomas Mitchell , to take the position hoping that he will be easily controlled by them. Rags announces he is to give up the drink and turns down Decker as deputy telling them he has someone else in mind, Tom Destry. Destry  arrives on the stagecoach with great fanfare but Rags is disappointed to find out that he is a very young man and refuses to carry a gun. Destry finds out that the previous sheriff may not have died of a heart attack as has been claimed. Destry suspects instead that the sheriff was murdered while trying to resolve a land dispute, and he sets about finding out how the sheriff died. Eventually, it becomes clear that Decker killed the sheriff in order to continue his plot to obtain all the land necessary to control and exploit the transit of cattle over those properties. After a gun battle in the saloon, Destry restores law and order to the town.'] ['Milford Farnsworth  is a bumbling insurance agent who unknowingly sells a life insurance policy to the outlaw Jesse James . Farnsworth is sent out West to protect the insurance company\'s investment by "protecting" James. James has his own plans to have Farnsworth killed while dressed as the outlaw, so that he and his soon to be "widow" Cora Lee Collins  can collect on the $100,000 insurance policy. Farnsworth avoids several attempts on his life while he and Collins fall in love with each other. After the last attempt is made on his life, Farnsworth impersonates the justice of the peace who is supposed to marry James and Collins. When Farnsworth and Collins make a run for it, they end up in a gun battle with the James Gang where several Western heroes make their cameos to surreptitiously help Farnsworth. In the end Farnsworth is victorious, marries Collins, and becomes president of the insurance company.'] ['Familial relations, government land, impertinent landowners and incoming settlers combine in tragedy and gunplay.'] [' A pet chameleon  becomes stranded in the Mojave Desert after his terrarium falls from his owners\' car by accident. He meets an armadillo named Roadkill  who is seeking the mystical Spirit of the West and directs the parched chameleon to find water at a town called Dirt. While wandering the desert, he narrowly avoids being eaten by a red-tailed hawk and has a surreal nightmare before meeting the desert iguana Beans , a rancher\'s daughter, who takes the chameleon to Dirt, an Old West town populated by desert animals. Using bravado and improvisation to fit in, the chameleon presents himself to the townsfolk as a tough drifter named Rango. He quickly runs afoul of outlaw Gila monster Bad Bill , but avoids a shootout when Bill is scared off by the hawk\'s return. Rango is chased by the hawk until he accidentally knocks down an empty water tower which crushes the predator. In response, the town mayor  appoints Rango the new sheriff. Meanwhile, the townsfolk worry that with the hawk dead, the gunslinger Rattlesnake Jake  will return. After discovering Dirt\'s water reserves — stored in the town bank inside a water cooler bottle — to be near empty, a skeptical Beans demands Rango investigate. That night, however, Rango inadvertently assists a trio of bank robbers, led by a mole named Balthazar , mistaking them for prospectors. The townsfolk find their water bottle stolen the next day, so Rango organizes a posse. They discover bank manager Merrimack  dead in the desert from drowning, and track the robbers to their hideout. They fight the robbers\' clan over the stolen water bottle in a chase through a canyon before discovering the bottle to be empty. Despite the robbers professing they had found it empty, the posse brings them to town for trial. Rango confronts the mayor about his buying of land around Dirt, who denies any wrongdoing and shows Rango that he is building a modern city with the purchased land. The mayor summons Rattlesnake Jake, who runs Rango out of town after humiliating him and making him admit that everything he told the town about himself is a lie. Rango wanders away ashamed and confused about his identity. Then he meets the Spirit of the West , appearing as a cowboy who drives a golf cart, and whom Rango identifies as the Man with No Name. The Spirit inspires Rango, telling him, "No man can walk out on his own story." With the aid of Roadkill and mystical moving yuccas, Rango learns that Dirt\'s water supply is controlled by an emergency shut-off valve in a water pipeline to Las Vegas, which the mayor has been manipulating. Recruiting the robbers\' clan to aid him, Rango returns to Dirt to call out Jake for a duel with a single bullet, a diversion so the clan and yuccas can turn the pipeline\'s valve to flood the town with water and free the falsely accused robbers. The mayor, however, forces Rango to surrender by threatening Beans\' life, and locks them inside the glass bank vault to drown. He then tries to shoot Jake with Rango\'s gun, believing that Jake is still part of the Old West that the mayor wants to destroy along with the rest of the town. The mayor is shocked to discover it that the gun is empty; Rango has taken the bullet, which he uses to crack the glass and shatter the vault, freeing himself and Beans while washing the Mayor and his men away outside. Impressed, Jake tips his hat to Rango as thanks for saving his life and drags the mayor into the desert to take revenge for double-crossing him. The citizens of Dirt celebrate the return of the water and recognize Rango as their hero.'] [' A pet chameleon  becomes stranded in the Mojave Desert after his terrarium falls from his owners\' car by accident. He meets an armadillo named Roadkill  who is seeking the mystical Spirit of the West and directs the parched chameleon to find water at a town called Dirt. While wandering the desert, he narrowly avoids being eaten by a red-tailed hawk and has a surreal nightmare before meeting the desert iguana Beans , a rancher\'s daughter, who takes the chameleon to Dirt, an Old West town populated by desert animals. Using bravado and improvisation to fit in, the chameleon presents himself to the townsfolk as a tough drifter named Rango. He quickly runs afoul of outlaw Gila monster Bad Bill , but avoids a shootout when Bill is scared off by the hawk\'s return. Rango is chased by the hawk until he accidentally knocks down an empty water tower which crushes the predator. In response, the town mayor  appoints Rango the new sheriff. Meanwhile, the townsfolk worry that with the hawk dead, the gunslinger Rattlesnake Jake  will return. After discovering Dirt\'s water reserves — stored in the town bank inside a water cooler bottle — to be near empty, a skeptical Beans demands Rango investigate. That night, however, Rango inadvertently assists a trio of bank robbers, led by a mole named Balthazar , mistaking them for prospectors. The townsfolk find their water bottle stolen the next day, so Rango organizes a posse. They discover bank manager Merrimack  dead in the desert from drowning, and track the robbers to their hideout. They fight the robbers\' clan over the stolen water bottle in a chase through a canyon before discovering the bottle to be empty. Despite the robbers professing they had found it empty, the posse brings them to town for trial. Rango confronts the mayor about his buying of land around Dirt, who denies any wrongdoing and shows Rango that he is building a modern city with the purchased land. The mayor summons Rattlesnake Jake, who runs Rango out of town after humiliating him and making him admit that everything he told the town about himself is a lie. Rango wanders away ashamed and confused about his identity. Then he meets the Spirit of the West , appearing as a cowboy who drives a golf cart, and whom Rango identifies as the Man with No Name. The Spirit inspires Rango, telling him, "No man can walk out on his own story." With the aid of Roadkill and mystical moving yuccas, Rango learns that Dirt\'s water supply is controlled by an emergency shut-off valve in a water pipeline to Las Vegas, which the mayor has been manipulating. Recruiting the robbers\' clan to aid him, Rango returns to Dirt to call out Jake for a duel with a single bullet, a diversion so the clan and yuccas can turn the pipeline\'s valve to flood the town with water and free the falsely accused robbers. The mayor, however, forces Rango to surrender by threatening Beans\' life, and locks them inside the glass bank vault to drown. He then tries to shoot Jake with Rango\'s gun, believing that Jake is still part of the Old West that the mayor wants to destroy along with the rest of the town. The mayor is shocked to discover it that the gun is empty; Rango has taken the bullet, which he uses to crack the glass and shatter the vault, freeing himself and Beans while washing the Mayor and his men away outside. Impressed, Jake tips his hat to Rango as thanks for saving his life and drags the mayor into the desert to take revenge for double-crossing him. The citizens of Dirt celebrate the return of the water and recognize Rango as their hero.'] ["The Wolfman, a mysterious masked figure, is leading an Indian uprising to drive local settlers off their land. The Wolfman kills Jimmy Carter's father and Alan Scott's brother, which leads the two heroes and Alan's dog Rinty, to hunt down and defeat the villain."] ["Daffy Duck and Porky Pig work in the hotel business on the western frontier. At the start of the cartoon we see Daffy sweeping the floor, and exclaiming his dissatisfaction for his job. When Porky calls Daffy over, and gives him a new broom as a present, Daffy throws his hat on the floor in disgust and quits. Daffy then proceeds to build his own hotel business directly across the way from Porky. Porky looks on, exclaiming all that because he gave Daffy a present. Daffy does everything he can to persuade business to his new establishment, hanging signs reading 'Free Lunch', 'Free TV', and 'Free Paid Stamps'. After Porky wishes Daffy luck, he spots a customer whom he hastily invites to his newly built establishment. Upon his arrival to the hotel, Daffy tries to take the gentleman's order, but is instead robbed. Despite Daffy's many attempts at wooing customers with his free advertisements, Porky's establishment is receiving all the business. Daffy wonders what Porky has that he doesn't, so he wanders over to take a peek. Daffy sees a  full establishment with dancing girls. Daffy goes back to his hotel dressed up as a girl. Despite his attempt, the customer's see through the phony disguise and throw tomatoes at him. Daffy then attempts to join forces with Porky and asks him to be partners. When Porky replies by telling Daffy he has all the business he needs, Daffy shoots himself with his own gun, and then begins his attempts at destroying Porky's business. First, Daffy tries to drop a boulder off a cliff onto Porky's hotel. It backfires when the boulder misses, bounces, and crushes Daffy's hotel, to which Daffy's head change to resemble a donkey, and he makes a he-haw noise. Daffy then decides to dress up like a woman, and places explosives under the floor boards in Porky's hotel, to which they blow up and we see that Porky has struck oil. We then see that Porky's hotel is destroyed  and closed, with a sign posted reading 'moved to a new location'. Upon the panning of the camera, we see his new and improved 5 star hotel, in which Daffy now works for Porky again. Porky offers Daffy the chance to 'clean up', and gives him his own office. When he opens the door to his office, several brooms and mops fall out of the closet, to which Daffy picks up a 'janitor' hat and puts it on."] ['In 1882 , the Earp brothers  are driving cattle to California when they cross the Clanton family led by the "Old Man". Told of a nearby town, Tombstone, the older brothers ride in, leaving the youngest brother James to watch over the cattle. The Earps quickly find Tombstone a lawless town. Wyatt is the only man in the town who will face the drunkard Indian shooting at the townspeople. When they return to their camp, they find the cattle rustled and James dead. Seeking vengeance, Wyatt returns to Tombstone and takes the open job of town marshall, meeting with the local powers, Doc Holliday and the Clantons, again and again in order to find out who was responsible. In the meantime, a young woman from Boston named Clementine Carter arrives in town she is given a room at the same hotel when Wyatt and Doc Holliday stay.'] ["Wild Bill Hickok is haunted by his dreams of a giant white buffalo. So much that he travels the West to find the beast. Along the way, Hickok meets Crazy Horse, who is also searching the plains for the giant white buffalo, who has killed Crazy Horse's daughter. Hickok and Crazy Horse team up to kill the elusive buffalo."] ['A prospector named Jonathan Harvey ([[Paul Kelly , whose faithful companion is a rough collie named Shep, looks after the family of his late partner, Martha Blake  and her son Tommy ([[Gary Gray . After years of digging in the hills of California , he finally strikes gold. However, before he can share it with the Blakes, his greedy partner Lin Taylor  kills Jonathan and attempts to lay claim on the gold. He poisons Shep, who nearly dies, and nearly kills Tommy, but ultimately Shep recovers and leads Lin into the mountains, where he falls off a cliff to his death.'] ['Charlton Heston stars as an argumentative, curmudgeonly mountain man by the name of Bill Tyler. His co-star, Brian Keith, in the role of Henry Frapp, is Bill\'s good friend and fellow trapper. Together, they trap beaver, fight Indians, and become classicly inebriated at a mountain man rendezvous while trying to sell their "plews", or beaver skins, to a cutthroat French trader named Fontenelle. Bill Tyler looks for a legendary valley, in Blackfoot territory, "so full of beaver that they just jump in the traps." Running Moon leaves her abusive husband, a ruthless Blackfoot warrior named Heavy Eagle, and comes across the two trappers in the dying days of the fur trapping era. While at first Bill only wants to take her to safety at the rendezvous, she eventually becomes his woman. While trapping Bill and Henry are attacked by Blackfeet and Henry is scalped by Heavy Eagle in front of Bill. Bill runs back to camp and he and Running Moon flee only to be caught. Later, Bill  is given a chance to run  and is chased by warriors whom he initially eludes by hiding in a beaver den. They pursue him until he and Heavy Eagle fall into a raging river. Heavy Eagle makes it to shore and Bill goes over a waterfall. Heavy Eagle tries to make Running Moon his woman again which he cannot do. He knows Bill Tyler survived and will come for her as he had done. On his survival trek Bill comes across Henry who had survived the scalping and eventually learns that Running Moon is still alive. He and Henry set out to rescue her while they are followed by a pair of trappers  also looking for the valley of beavers. The story takes place during 1838, although it\'s never stated in the film, based on the fact that the beaver market was declining and the rendezvous was held on the Popoagie River. The "Era of the Mountain Man" ended two years later. The story was written by Heston\'s son. The film was Lang\'s directorial debut. This was Victor Jory\'s last film.'] ['Two centuries in the future, a dangerous lunatic criminal named grange  is sentenced to a penal colony, Botany Bay, on the planet Proxima Centauri 3. There, a bounty hunter  and an ex-policeman  team up to prevent him from escaping.{{cite web}}'] ["Deadwood Dick, a masked and mysterious hero, is in a reality Dick Stanley, editor of the Dakota Pioneer Press and a leading member of the Statehood For Dakota. He is on the trail of a masked villain known as the Skull, who leads a violent, renegade band which is infamous for its violence against the Deadwood residents wishes for a statehood status. Our hero soon discovers that the Skull terrorises the town to prevent statehood being achieved, in order to build his own empire in the vast territory. But Dick suspects that one of his fellow committeemen might be responsible for the string of criminal acts. It takes him fifteen episodes and about forty choreographed slugfests to finally uncover the truth and reward the Skull's villainy with an exemplary punishment."] ['The film opens in St. Louis on Lutie Cameron\'s  wedding day. As she dresses, she receives a telegram from her fiancee Col. Brewton  ordering her to board the train for Salt Fork, New Mexico to marry him there instead. The first person she meets in the town is Brice Chamberlain , who warns her that she is bound for unhappiness with Brewton. He takes her over to the courthouse where she witnesses Brewton testifying against a settler who had tried to stake a claim to part of Brewton\'s cattle ranch. Back at his ranch, Brewton takes her out to see the sweeping plain of grass and explains how he had settled it, fighting with the Indians for the land and making it fit for ranching. He opposed the settlers because he knew the land did not get enough rain to sustain farming. Lutie struggles to see what Brewton sees in the grasses, but she tries to make the most of her new home. She convinces Brewton to allow a family of settlers onto the ranch, because she had befriended one of them. Brewton warns her that the settlers will not last more than six months, due to some unforeseeable, but certain, circumstance. When Lutie visits the settlers as they build their sod house, she is surprised to see Chamberlain. He is visiting the settlers because he helped them file their claim on Brewton\'s land. He rides with Lutie on her way back home and confesses his attraction to her. Lutie similarly confesses her ongoing struggles to adapt to her new home and her husband\'s emotional distance. Lutie gives birth to a daughter, Sara Beth. During a great blizzard, the settlers are alarmed by the sound of Brewton\'s cattle near their house. Fearful for his wheat crop, knowing its destruction would spell the ruin of his farm, the man runs out of the house with his rifle to scare off the cattle. When they stampede, he shoots one of the cows, and he also hits one of Brewton\'s workers, who were busy trying to herd the cattle in the storm. The rest of the ranch hands severely beat the man. His pregnant wife wades out into the storm to help him inside. The exertion makes her lose the baby. When Lutie learns of the incident with the settlers, she races out to their house, but they refuse to see her. With the crop and their baby lost, they are broken and concede the land to Brewton. Brewton takes the news in stride, telling Lutie that he had warned her something like this would happen. Furious at his callousness, Lutie decides to leave Salt Fork for a while. She goes to Denver, and she is planning to return to St. Louis when she runs into Chamberlain. The two have a discreet affair, which convinces Lutie that it would be a mistake to leave Brewton. Back at Salt Fork, she gives birth to a boy named Brock, and she continues her struggle to find a place in Brewton\'s world. Chamberlain successfully lobbies for a Federal District Court in Salt Fork, and he wins election as a judge, presiding over all land disputes. Brewton knows that this will mean a steady stream of settlers on his land. As he arms himself and his men to ward off the settlers, Lutie pleads with him to reconsider. In the abandoned sod house, as Brewton prepares his ammunition, he gets Lutie to confess to the affair with Chamberlain. She agrees to leave, but Brewton refuses to let her take the children. Back in St. Louis, she consults a lawyer who tells her that if she will admit in court that Chamberlain is Brock\'s father she could win custody of her son, but she would certainly lose custody of Sara Beth. Convinced it would do more harm than good to fight, Lutie stays away. She returns after two years in a futile attempt to reconnect with her children, who do not recognize her. Chamberlain tries to get her to fight for Brock\'s custody so they can run away together as a family, but Lutie admits that she does not have enough love for Chamberlain to marry him. As the years pass, the town doctor keeps Lutie informed about her children through letters. On his deathbed, he chides Brewton for being too emotionally distant from Lutie and driving her away. After his death, Chamberlain takes up the correspondence with Lutie, acknowledging that he expects nothing in return. He shares his concerns that Brock has grown into a reckless young man, too endowed with charm and luck to take responsibility for his actions. For years, Brock has endured taunts from the townsfolk about his real father, but the truth has never been acknowledged outright. During a card game, his opponent begins referring to Brock only as "judge", invoking Chamberlain\'s profession. Brock is baited into a fight, and when his opponent draws his pistol, Brock shoots him in the stomach. Once he is bailed out of jail, he returns home and blithely confesses what happened to his father and his sister. His father insists that he must return to town and stand trial. In private, Brock confesses to his sister that he could not stand to see his father put through a trial because it would bring up the reason for the fight, humiliating him all over again. Brock decides to flee, and the sheriff pursues him with a posse. Brewton decides to go after him, once Sara Beth tells him why Brock skipped bail. Brewton comes upon a cabin where the posse is exchanging gunfire with Brock who is holed up inside. Brewton walks into the cabin, but Brock has already been fatally shot. Having read in the newspaper that Brock was on the run, Lutie is returning to Salt Fork on the train. Just before it arrives, she receives the news that Brock has been killed, and she decides to keep traveling to San Francisco later that night. In town, she sees Brewton escorting Brock\'s body to the church, and she hides herself so as not to be seen. Sara Beth visits her in her hotel room and warns her not to see Brewton, because it would only stir up more trouble than she could stand. Lutie says that she was not planning on seeing anyone, and she tells Sara Beth that she is pleased to know that at least Brewton will have his daughter at his side to love him. Sara Beth breaks down and invites her mother back to the house where she reconciles with Brewton.'] ['Set in the then-future of 1996, Harley Davidson  is in a motel in Texas when he hears about a dangerous new street drug named "Crystal Dream" on the radio. The significance of this street drug does not arise again until later in the film. Harley then meets a life long friend, a cowboy who is nicknamed The Marlboro Man  and they later plan a bank robbery to help save their friend\'s bar from being foreclosed and replaced with a skyscraper. However, after they rob a bank\'s armored car, they discover the cargo they stole is the designer drug "Crystal Dream", not money. Chance Wilder , who is a bank president involved in drug dealing, demands the return of the drugs. A series of increasingly deadly encounters ensue as heavily-armed assassins  hunt for Harley and Marlboro.'] ['The plot, which is based on events covered by several chapters of Brown\'s book as well as other sources, revolves around four main characters: Charles Eastman né Ohiyesa , a young, mixed-race Sioux doctor educated at Dartmouth and Boston University, who is held up as proof of the success of assimilation; Sitting Bull , the Sioux chief who refuses to submit to U.S. government policies designed to strip his people of their identity, their dignity and their sacred land, the gold-laden Black Hills of the Dakotas; Senator Henry Dawes , an architect of government policy for allotment of Indian lands to individual households to force adoption of subsistence farming; and Red Cloud, whose decision to make peace with the American government and go to a reservation disturbed Sitting Bull. While Eastman and his future wife Elaine Goodale , a reformer from New England and Superintendent of Indian Schools in the Dakotas, work to improve life for Indians on the reservation, Senator Dawes lobbies President Ulysses Grant  for more humane treatment of the Indians. He opposes the adversarial stance of General William Tecumseh Sherman . The Dawes Commission http://www.archives.gov/genealogy/heritage/native-american/dawes.html|Commission to the Five Civilized Tribes , 1893-1914 develops a proposal to break up the Great Sioux Reservation to allow for American demands for land while preserving enough land for the Sioux to live on. The Commission\'s plan is held up by Sitting Bull\'s opposition. He has risen to leadership among the Sioux as one of the last chiefs to fight for their independence. Dawes, in turn, urges Eastman to help him convince the recalcitrant tribal leaders. After witnessing conditions on the Sioux reservation, Eastman refuses. The prophet Wovoka  raised Western Indian hopes with his spiritual movement based on a revival of religious practice and the ritual Ghost Dance; it was a messianic movement that promised an end of their suffering under the white man. The assassination of Sitting Bull and the massacre of nearly 200 Indian men, women and children by the 7th Cavalry at Wounded Knee Creek on December 29, 1890 ended such hopes. Henry L. Dawes\' wanted to increase the cultural assimilation of Native Americans into American society by his Dawes Act  and his later efforts as head of the Dawes Commission. During the 47 years of implementing the Act, Native Americans lost about 90 million acres  of treaty land, or about two-thirds of their 1887 land base. About 90,000 Indians were made landless. The Implementation of the Dawes Act disrupted Native American tribes\' communal life, culture, and unity.{{cite book}}Gibson, Arrell M. Gibson. "Indian Land Transfers." Handbook of North American Indians: History of Indian-White Relations, Volume 4. Wilcomb E. Washburn & William C. Sturtevant, eds. Washington DC: Smithsonian Institution, 1988. pp. 226–29'] ["Chester Wooley  and Duke Egan  are traveling salesmen who make a stopover in Wagon Gap, Montana while enroute to California. During the stopover, a notorious criminal, Fred Hawkins, is murdered, and the two are charged with the crime. They are quickly tried, convicted, and sentenced to die by hanging. The head of the local citizen's committee, Jim Simpson , recalls a law whereby the survivor of a gun duel must take responsibility for the deceased's debts and family. The law spares the two from execution, but Chester is now responsible for the widow Hawkins  and her seven children. They go to her farm, where Chester is worked by Mrs. Hawkins from dawn to dusk. To make matters worse, Chester must work at the saloon at night to repay Hawkin's debt to its owner, Jake Frame ([[Gordon Jones . Her plan is to wear Chester down until he agrees to marry her. Chester quickly learns that no one will harm him, for fear that they will have to support Mrs. Hawkins and her family. Simpson makes Chester the sheriff in hopes that the fear of him will help clean up the lawless town. For protection, Chester carries around a photograph of Mrs. Hawkins and her kids. The approach works for a while, and Chester is heralded as a hero. Meanwhile, Duke still plans to go to California and tries to get Judge Benbow  to marry Mrs. Hawkins, in order to free him and Chester from their obligations. He starts a rumor that Mrs. Hawkins is about to become rich once the railroad buys her land to lay tracks. The rumor takes on a life of its own, with everyone trying to kill Chester in hopes of marrying Mrs. Hawkins . Frame eventually confesses to Hawkins' murder; Duke and Chester are cleared and allowed to leave town, but not before they admit that the railroad rumor was fabricated by them. Benbow still wants to marry Mrs. Hawkins, and she agrees. She then announces that the railroad actually did offer her substantial money, and she is now wealthy."] ['A man, suddenly gone blind, mistakes another woman for his wife. When nurse Hilda Nevers returns from the Orient, she is left penniless because her father has died. She goes to work at a hospital where Dr. Kitchell is impressed by her voice, which is almost identical to that of his lover, Evelyn Wentworth. Evelyn is engaged to Lawrence Sinton, but only for his money. On their wedding night, Sinton is blinded when a burglar hits him on the head. Hilda is substituted for Evelyn, who is then free to continue her affair with the doctor. A family friend finally exposes the situation, but by then, Hilda and Sinton have fallen in love. Sinton has an operation that restores his sight, and he and Hilda are united.'] ['A census taker  arrives in the Texas town of Cold Iron, with a population of 789. He goes into the local bar for a cold beer, and tells the bartender the town has an unusual number of citizens named "Jonas" and "Reprisal." He observes a painting above the bar of a violent street fight. He is then told of the events behind the fight involving a buffalo hunter and gunman named Jonas Trapp and the night the local Mexicans still call "The Night of Reprisals". In flashback, we learn that Jonas Trapp is a poor cowboy in love with a wealthy woman named Jessie Larkin. They intend to marry despite the objections of her aunt . The aunt sees Jonas as a man of no prospects and prefers she marry someone more substantial. To gain the aunt\'s permission, Jessie pretends to be pregnant. Jonas marries her, but quickly tires of his dull life in town. He heads for the hills without her to become a buffalo hunter, hoping to amass enough money to give Jessie the life he feels she deserves - without her aunt\'s involvement. Jonas is gone for more than 10 years. He amasses a small fortune of his own and a reputation as a dangerous gunman who once fought Clay Allison and walked away. He decides it is finally time to return home. On the trail, Jonas stumbles over the campfire of an obvious rustler and is ambushed by three men: Brooks Durham, the local banker; John "Johnsey Boy" Hood, a sadistic young hustler with a love only of fine clothes and himself; and Coates, a notorious drunk. They accuse him of being the rustler and, despite his denials, beat him, take his money, then brand him with a running iron and leave him for dead. A farmer named Hanley finds Jonas and helps nurse him to health. Trapp, learning that his money has been stolen, is consumed by a desire for revenge and heads back for Cold Iron, where he learns from his father that Jessie\'s aunt has died and his wife is now engaged to another man - Brooks Durham. When Jessie encounters him on the street, she doesn\'t recognize him. She thinks he\'s just another "filthy, smelly animal" and runs away. In the course of his remaining in town, Jonas continues hunting for the men who branded him. He takes "Johnsey-Boy" Hood on his way back from romancing the lonely wife of a local farmer in hopes of cheating her out of some money. Under the threat of being "branded and gelded" by Jonas, Hood\'s sanity cracks. He grabs the hot iron and rams it repeatedly into his stomach as he runs screaming into the woods. He later commits suicide. Jonas also encounters the saloon bouncer , a giant of a man whom Jonas had met the night before. He{{clarify}} Jonas took. The resulting fight is the subject of the painting we saw in the framing sequence, and the bouncer is nearly beaten to death. Only the arrival of Jonas\' father stops the fight. Hanley is revealed as one of the rustlers involved with Coates. Coates kills Hanley when the old man denies having Jonas\' money. Coates reasons that Durham must have it and tries a little blackmail. Durham threatens to kill Coates, but the alcoholic Coates is beyond reasoning. Jonas runs into Durham on the street, the last man on his list, but both are ambushed by Coates, who is on a drunken rampage. Coates is eventually beaten to a pulp by Jonas, then killed when he tries for his gun. That act of violence apparently takes the thirst for revenge out of Jonas and he leaves his now-empty forty-five behind on the bar. When Durham finally confesses to the town what he and the other did to Jonas and that he took the money, Jonas can only knock him down in disgust and walk away. He leaves the cash - and his need for revenge - behind. The flashback ends with Jonas mounted up and on his way out of town. His invitation to Jessie to go with him ends with her standing in the street as she watches him ride off. The film ends with the bartender showing off the pistol Jonas left behind. He and the census taker wonder if Jessie left with Jonas. The bartender wants to believe she did, but the census taker says she probably didn\'t, echoing the film\'s song, says "You can never go home again."'] ["A gun-slinging preacher returns to the debaucherous town of Playa Diablo seeking revenge from the notorious scorpion-venom drinking bandito El Sobero, a descendent of a disciple of King Tavatta--the Scorpion King from the ancient world. El Sobero and his band of bad banditos are also returning to Playa Diablo seeking their own revenge against the town sheriff for putting a bounty on their heads and subsequently shooting all of their horses. With the Bounty Hunter dragging up slowly behind there is sure to be a confrontation of Biblical proportions as they all meet in the circle of death. This is The Legend Of God's Gun."] ["The film starts with a scene common to many Westerns, cowboys in a drunken state shooting up a town and wreaking havoc.<ref name81072 TCM on Lawman] The rowdies are from the town of Sabbath and are visiting the town of Bannock for a little recreation that gets out of hand. The town's marshal, Jered Maddox, rides into Sabbath and is not alone. He brings along the body of Marc Corman, one of the unruly cowhands from the recent drunken spree in Bannock, carrying it on the back of a horse. Maddox follows protocol and calls on Sabbath's sheriff, Cotton Ryan. He demands that the five surrender to him within 24 hours.imdb on Lawman Quote: Robert Ryan Sabbath marshal Cotton Ryan Ryan is a lawman whose career had seen better days. He urges Maddox to avoid a confrontation with Bronson. Maddox won't back down, although he believes the suspects are likely to get light sentences due to the accidental nature of their crime and the fact that the justice system of Bannock can easily be influenced by bribes. Ryan goes to Bronson's ranch to inform him of Maddox's demands. One of the suspects, Stenbaugh, who is Bronson's foreman, tries to persuade Bronson to have Maddox killed. Despite his violent past, Bronson is tired of death and violence and refuses Stenbaugh's suggestion, insisting on further negotiations. Maddox is unmoved by Laura's pleas for mercy. Bronson gives up hope of reasoning with Maddox and asks his men if they wish to surrender. Back at the ranch, Bronson grieves upon hearing of his close friend Stenbaugh's death. He is comforted by son Jason. Maddox's breakfast is interrupted by local businessman Harris, leading a delegation of armed citizens concerned that the lawman is creating a lot of problems for them. Price tries to leave town. Crowe meets with Maddox to swear that he did not set him up for Dekker's ambush. Maddox reveals his disillusionment with his job and admits that lawmen are little more than professional killers. Maddox turns over Adams to sheriff Ryan and announces his intent to leave town and start a new life. When businessman Harris, who was waiting on the sidelines, opens fire at Maddox, the others follow suit. Choctaw draws on Maddox but gets killed. Price panics. As he runs toward Laura, Maddox shoots him in the back, despite his code of never drawing first on a man. Seeing his son dead, a grief-stricken Bronson kills himself in the street. Maddox can do nothing more but ride by himself out of town."] ['When a nun broke her covenant with God to save the life of Aman, her unborn son, he was cursed for life. As an adult, Aman  has killed those who have crossed him. But his curse brings his victims back to life, and as the undead, they pursue him endlessly for revenge. Forever suffering this curse, Aman enlists Fabulos , a young gunman, to fight by his side against his undead victims.'] ['Winter 1899. The rough weather brings hunger and privation to the small village of Snowhill in Utah. In order to survive, the poor people start to steal and rob. Therefore they become outlaws and have to hide in the mountains, because of the bounty rewarded on them. While people are suffering, the village becomes a paradise for bounty hunters, who can hardly be opposed by the poor, who are labelled as outlaws. When Pauline\'s husband falls prey to the unscrupulous bounty hunter Loco , she hires a mute gunfighter, Silence , to kill Loco. Since Silence as a child had to watch his parents being killed by bounty hunters, he tramps through the country chasing those who are killing people for money under the cloak of the law. In order to not violate the law and be added to the blacklist of the bounty hunters, he provokes them to pull out their weapon first. Then he has a reason to act in "self-defense" and shoot them. But Loco does not let himself be provoked. Not until after he lures the new sheriff – who had been given the impossible task by the governor to re-establish order in the region and to grant amnesty to those starving in the mountains – to his death, does Loco face up to the final fight with Silence?  The film is famous for its bleak ending, a bloody scene in which the sympathetic characters are gunned down by the greedy bounty hunters, "all according to the law," as Loco comments. The director was forced to shoot an alternate ending for the North African and Asian markets, where the hero\'s death in the end would have been deemed unacceptable. The Fantoma DVD features the alternative "happy" ending without sound. The comic sheriff played by Frank Wolff returns from the "dead"  to save the day. It is unlikely that an English or Italian audio track was ever created for this ending.{{cite web}}'] ["Will Penny  is an aging cow hand who at the end of a long trail hires on to ride the boundary of a ranch over the winter. He immediately comes across a woman, Catherine Allen , and her son Horace  using one of the remote cabins to over-winter, having been deserted by the guide that her husband paid in advance to lead her and her son over the mountains. Despite his boss' instructions Penny lets them stay in the cabin and gives them a week to move out. Later, Penny runs afoul of a sadistic family called the Quints, led by Preacher Quint  who is after him for killing one of the Quint sons some time before, defending his comrades. While out checking the territory, Penny is ambushed and savagely beaten up by the Quints, who leave him for dead. Penny manages to drag himself back to the cabin, where he is slowly nursed back to health by Catherine, with whom he has little choice but to stay afterward. As Christmas and winter pass, the lonely Penny and sexually repressed Catherine fall in love, and Penny begins to develop fatherly feelings towards the young boy Horace. The three have lived together as a family unit, during which Penny has caught poignant glimpses of everything that has been missing from his own nomadic, rootless life. For a while it seems there is a possibility that he can settle down with the woman and child and continue this happy arrangement. Part of Penny desperately wants to put down roots and end his lonely existence as an itinerant cow hand. Ultimately, however, Penny realizes that he is simply too old to keep on living like he used to  and too set in his ways to ever settle down in a domestic setting. Deeply regretful about what he is leaving behind, he rides away from the woman and child, never to return — though not before having to face the Quints again, and this time defeat them with help from fellow ranchers."] ['A beautiful woman, "Charming Jones"  is being escorted by a cowboy, "Handsome Stranger" . Jones claims money left her by her father, Parody Jones . However, bad guy Avery Simpson , who handed her the money, decides he wants it for himself. He hires an old cowboy, "Cactus Jack" , to rob them when they leave town. Cactus Jack\'s unsuccessful attempts to the steal the money resemble a Road-Runner cartoon, with Jack playing the part of Wile E. Coyote. The story has a surprise ending, with Charming finally chosing Cactus Jack to be her lover, over the much younger Handsome Stranger.'] ['A robber hijacks a payroll train, kills everyone, then stashes the loot. A gunslinger learns about it and decides he wants to steal the money for himself and hatches a plan to get it. He lures the bandit into a rigged poker game, and soon a gunfight begins.'] ["When Doris Maxwell  starts drilling for oil, cowboy Gene Autry  tries to stop the drilling, believing the territory's water supply will be ruined. Doris' father, bank president Maxwell , embezzled $25,000 to support the drilling project. Doris and Gene's fight heats up after he shoots out the tires on her car and she steals his horse, Champion. In an attempt to discredit Gene, Doris, who runs a radio station above Sing Low's cafe, broadcasts him on a program sponsored by the oil company. When Gene discovers the trick, he sets out in a rage to find her. George Wilkins , who is in charge of the oil well drilling, takes Doris to the drilling site and tell her the well is dry and he needs additional funds from her father to bring the well in. Doris doesn't know that Wilkins is actually trying to swindle her father by getting him to pay for all of the equipment while he stalls the drilling. Wilkins intends to take over the lease on the profitable land when the bank's lease runs out. While taking the payroll to the drilling site, Wilkins and Doris are held up by two thieves, who are actually Wilkins' henchmen. Gene comes to the rescue and grudingly returns the money to Doris, who continues on to the drilling site. Wilkins reprimands his men for getting caught and then lets them go. Doris and Gene return to the bank, where they discover Maxwell has tried to commit suicide after receiving a letter notifying him that the bank examiner would be arriving soon. Protecting Maxwell from embezzlement charges, Gene makes it seem as if Maxwell was shot during a robbery. Sometime later, Gene learns that the railroad will go through the town if the oil comes in, and he informs Wilkins that he will publicly support the drilling. Not wanting any public attention on his operation, Wilkins orders his men to hold Gene captive until after the lease is transferred to him. Gene escapes and alerts the townspeople to Wilkins' crooked dealings. Wilkins spreads a rumor that Gene intentionally swindled his friends by making them buy worthless oil stock, and later tells a crowd that Gene was behind the bank robbery. A mob gathers and goes after Gene who is forced to flee. At the oil well, Gene finds Sam Brown, an oil worker who was shot by Wilkins after he discovered that the well only needed to be dynamited to come in. After getting a doctor to treat Sam, Gene and Frog Millhouse  dynamite the well, despite the opposition from Wilkins and the crowd. Following the blast, the well comes in and soon the oil company, now called the Maxwell-Autry company, is prospering. Gene distributes dividends to his friends on their investment, and Frog, who has been searching for an addition to his butterfly collection, discovers a poor specimen."] ['The storyline revolves around Lou Gehrig playing himself, who decides to give up baseball in New York for the life of a western cattle rancher. Once at the ranch, Gehrig encounters a protection racket preying on the ranchers by extortion and violence. He teams up with a crusading local attorney to fight the crooks and ultimately put them in jail. In the opening scene, Lou Gehrig is surrounded by a group of reporters at Grand Central Terminal in New York City, where he is about to take a train to his sister\'s ranch out west in Rawhide. Proclaiming that he is "through with baseball", he tells the sceptical newsmen that he wants the "peace and quiet" of the cowboy life. An unscrupulous interloper, Ed Saunders, and his henchmen have seized control of the local "Ranchers Protective Association" by subterfuge and are using it as a front to extort outrageous "association fees" from the local ranchers, resorting to violence and bribery. After Gehrig refuses to pay, one of his ranch hands is shot by one of the crooks. Gehrig storms into the local saloon to confront Saunders and his gang. When a barroom brawl ensues, the attorney  joins in the fight as Gehrig hurls billiard balls at the criminals. The movie eventually reaches a climax in the obligatory western film chase scene when Gehrig and the other ranchers form a posse to chase the fleeing Saunders gang and put them in jail. The film has several musical interludes. Ballew sings When a Cowboy Goes to Town by Albert von Tilzer . Other songs credited are Cowboy\'s Life by Charles Rosoff, Drifting also by von Tilzer, and That Old Washboard Band by Norman Phelps.'] ['During the Mexican Revolution, a peasant named El Vasco  starts a revolt in his town by killing the army colonel in charge. Rebel leader and self-appointed General Mongo  soon arrives on the scene and hires El Vasco to his revolutionary gang. However, Mongo is more interested in gaining fortune for himself than for his country. Yodlaf Peterson , a Swedish mercenary arrives in Mexico to sell guns to General Mongo. The safe containing the money is locked and only Professor Xantos  knows the combination. Xantos is the leader of a student counter-revolution that opposes violence, and is held in a prison by the United States army, after he tried to find funding from the US and did not agree to give the monopoly of his country\'s entire oil wealth in return. El Vasco dislikes the suit-wearing Peterson and calls him a "penguin", but at the suggestion of General Mongo, the two reluctantly join forces and set out to capture Xantos. Their task is made harder by the American army and a wooden-armed American named John , who wants to exact revenge on Peterson, his former business partner. Peterson had left John to die after he was crucified, and his pet hawk had to peck his right hand off to save him. In order to maximize their personal gain and to support Xantos\' rebel fighters, El Vasco and Peterson have to doublecross Mongo. They receive help from Lola , the leader of Xantos\' rebel group, to whom El Vasco develops a crush, and her group of young revolutionaries.{{cite web}}'] ['In March 1868, Howard Kemp  is tracking Ben Vandergroat , who is wanted for the murder of the marshal in Abilene, Kansas. On the western slope of the Rocky Mountains in Southwestern Colorado, Kemp meets a grizzled old prospector, Jesse Tate , and offers him twenty dollars to help. Tate assumes that Kemp is a sheriff and Kemp does nothing to disillusion him. After trapping someone on top of a rocky hill, Kemp is convinced it must be the wanted man. Rockslides force a retreat. Looking for a way around the hill, Kemp and Tate meet up with a Union soldier, Lieutenant Roy Anderson . He has been discharged from the 6th Cavalry at Fort Ellis in Bozeman and is heading east. Tate questions why Anderson isn\'t on the Bozeman Trail. Anderson\'s story is that there are some "bad tempered Indians" whose chief\'s daughter fell in with a handsome young army lieutenant. Kemp has a chance to see Anderson\'s discharge order in which he is described as "morally unstable." Tate tells Anderson that Kemp is a sheriff. With the aid of Anderson, who scales a sheer cliff face, Vandergroat is caught, along with his companion, Lina Patch , the daughter of Vandergroat\'s friend, Frank Patch, who was shot dead trying to rob a bank in Abilene.  Vandergroat sets Tate and Anderson straight on the fact that Kemp is not a lawman and reveals that the amount of the reward on his head is $5000.00, dead or alive. Tate and Anderson want their share and aid Kemp in getting Vandergroat back to Kansas. Lina is convinced that her father\'s friend is innocent. On the trail to Abilene, Vandergroat attempts to turn his captors against each other, using greed as his weapon. He also encourages Lina to use her beauty to divide Kemp and Anderson. When scouting a way through a mountain pass, Kemp and Tate spot a dozen Blackfeet, a normally friendly tribe, far from their normal hunting grounds. They tell the others and Anderson confesses that the Indians are after him. Kemp tells Anderson to hightail it out of there to avoid being captured by the Blackfeet. Anderson thinks Kemp just wants a bigger share of the reward money. He rides ahead, hides, and ambushes the leader of the Blackfeet when Kemp and the band of Indians are about to talk.  During the ensuing battle, Kemp saves Lina from the Blackfeet and she, in turn, helps him when he is shot in the leg. Later, Kemp passes out on the trail and awakes from a delirious nightmare. He thinks Lina is Mary, his ex-fiancée. Vandergroat tells the others that Mary sold Kemp\'s ranch, which he left in her safekeeping, while he was serving in the army during the Civil War, and then went off with another man. Vandergroat further reveals that Kemp is determined to buy his ranch back, and that it can\'t happen if he splits the reward money with Anderson and Tate. Lina\'s feelings of loyalty to her father\'s friend, combined with an attraction to Kemp, confuses her. She has never seen Vandergroat hurt anyone unless it was in a fair fight but after he loosens Kemp\'s saddle cinch and tries to push him off a high mountain pass, Lina\'s sympathies for Kemp grow. Taking refuge from a storm in a cave, Vandergroat manipulates Lina into distracting Kemp. She tells the rancher of her dream to go to California, where no one knows her and she can make a fresh start. He tells her of his wish to repurchase his ranch. They kiss and this gives Ben a chance to escape. Kemp catches Vandergroat, and Anderson suggests that since the reward is for a "dead or alive" criminal, they should just kill the troublemaker. Tate stops Anderson but, caught up in the anger of the moment and hurt by what he sees as Lina\'s treachery, Kemp challenges Vandergroat to a shoot out. The wanted man declines to take part. Next day, the group comes to a high-running river. They argue about whether to cross or go down stream. Anderson grabs a rope and throws it around Vandergroat\'s neck and says he\'ll drag him across the river. A fight ensues between Kemp and Anderson, as Vandergroat watches with malicious enjoyment. Kemp finally manages to kick Anderson unconscious. While Kemp and Anderson recover from the fight and Lina searches for firewood, Vandergroat convinces Tate to sneak off with him to find a gold mine, the whereabouts of which Vandergroat has been tempting the old man with. When they depart during the night, he convinces Tate to take Lina along.  Vandergroat and Lina ride double; Tate follows, holding a rifle on them. Ben suddenly yells, "Snake!" and in the confusion grabs Tate\'s rifle from him and kills him. He fires two more shots in order to lure Kemp and Anderson to a spot where he intends to kill them. Lina finally sees Vandergroat for what he is. Kemp and Anderson discover Tate\'s body where Vandergroat has positioned it for an ambush from the high cliff face. Preparing to shoot Kemp, Vandergroat is caught off guard when Lina grabs the rifle barrel, saving Kemp\'s life. While Anderson exchanges gunfire with Vandergroat, Kemp removes one of his spurs to aid in climbing up the back of the cliff to outflank Vandergroat. He uses the spur as a combination climbing ax and makeshift piton. Vandergroat, hearing Kemp, gets the drop on the rancher. However, before he can pull the trigger, Kemp throws his spur into the killer\'s left cheek. As Ben reels from the pain of the spur, he is shot by Anderson and his body falls into the nearby river, becoming entangled in the roots of a tree. Anderson lassos a branch on the other side of the river and crosses using the rope. He then wraps it around Ben\'s body but is crushed by a large tree stump floating down the river. Kemp grabs the rope and drags Vandergroat\'s body across the river and, in a rage, vows that he will take him back to reclaim his land. Lina pleads with him not to take blood money for bringing Vandergroat in. She says she will go with him, no matter what, marry him, and live with him on the ranch. Kemp realizes what he is doing and his love for Lina makes him stop. He begins digging a grave to bury Vandergroat and they decide to make for California, leaving their pasts behind.'] [' The film starts with a brief introduction in the 19th century American West featuring a bald eagle gliding over the homeland of the mustangs, which resembles several western US National Parks. There is then a scene showing the birth of a Buckskin Kiger Mustang, Spirit . Spirit soon grows into a stallion, and assumes the role of leader of the herd, whose duty it is to keep the herd safe. This is demonstrated when he saves two foals from a mountain lion. Spirit is a courageous leader, but has a serious mischievous streak and a high sense of curiosity. Spotting a camp one night not far from his herd, the stallion is unable to control his curiosity and moves towards it, as he\'s never seen humans before. To Spirit\'s surprise, the humans (possibly [[wrangler  are vicious. After a long chase, he is captured and taken to a US cavalry post. During this time in the film, the army is fighting the Indian Wars and taking over the soon-to-be western United States. There he encounters, "The Colonel" . The Colonel attempts to tame the mustang, but Spirit manages to outwit all who attempt to ride him. During this time, a Lakota Native American named Little Creek  is also brought into the fort and held captive, through the night and day they become friends. Through a series of events, Little Creek and Spirit, along with several army horses, escape the post. Little Creek\'s own paint mare, Rain, meets them, along with other Indians who loosely capture Spirit. After returning to the Lakota village, Little Creek ties Spirit and Rain together, much to Spirit\'s dismay. Rain willingly shows Spirit her world. Spirit begins to understand their ways and falls in love with the mare. His romantic affections for Rain, however, do not soften his yearning to be free. At the end of their time together Little Creek decides that Spirit should never be tamed and frees him. As Spirit asks Rain to come with him to his herd, a Cavalry Regiment led by the Colonel ransacks the Lakota village. Rain is shot by the Colonel, knocking her into the river while Spirit knocks the colonel off his horse, saving Little Creek\'s life. Spirit dives into the river to try to rescue Rain, but is unsuccessful and they both plummet over a waterfall. Having both survived, Spirit comforts Rain on the riverbed as she is dying from her gun wound until cavalry scouts tear him away and sell him to be used for the constructing railroad. After finding Rain critically injured just as Spirit is being led away, Little Creek vows to free the mustang once and for all in accordance with his life-debt; and follows the men after tending to his own mare. Spirit and other stolen horses are loaded onto a train and taken to a work site on the Transcontinental Railroad where they are put to work pulling a steam locomotive on a sledge up a mountain when attempts to tunnel have failed even with explosives. Spirit realizes that if the track extends along its present course it will infringe on his homeland. Spirit breaks free from the sledge carrying the locomotive and breaks the chains holding the other horses to the sledge. This causes the locomotive to fall off its sledge and down the steep hill where it collides with another locomotive at the railhead, causing a boiler explosion which starts the camp and woods on fire. Little Creek appears, saves Spirit from the wildfire, and takes him to safety. The next morning, Colonel and his men find Spirit and Little Creek. A climactic chase scene ensues on winding rock passages that lead to a canyon where the two again outsmart the Army. Spirit also makes a "freedom" jump which amazes The Colonel. The Colonel stops one of his men from shooting the two and exchanges nods of respect with Spirit before they part. Spirit races back to the rebuilt Lakota village with Little Creek. Spirit finds Rain who is still alive, nursed back to health by the Lakota people. Little Creek decides to name the Kiger mustang "Spirit-Who-Could-Not-Be-Broken". Little Creek, knowing it\'s for the best, sets Spirit and Rain free. Eventually, the two horses joyfully meet up with Spirit\'s own herd, including his mother. Viewers then see the eagle as he flies up into clouds shaped like horses.'] ["Jim Douglas  is a rancher who has been pursuing the four outlaws who murdered his wife six months earlier. He rides into the town of Rio Arriba, where four men, Alfonso Parral , Bill Zachary , Ed Taylor  and Lujan , fitting the description are in jail awaiting execution, so that he can see the hanging. The town has issued instructions to only allow the hangman  to enter, so Jim is taken to Sheriff Eloy Sanchez's  office to state his business. The town has never had an execution before, so they have brought in a man from outside town to do the job. The sheriff allows Jim into the jail to see the men. They claim they had never seen him before, but he has the face of a hunter. In town Jim meets Josefa Velarde . He met her five years previously in New Orleans but hasn't seen her since. Through their conversation we learn that she was husband hunting when they met before. She has been looking after her father's ranch since he died. Jim reveals to her that he has a daughter . Other inhabitants of the town include businessman Gus Steimmetz, his daughter Emma  and her fiance Tom . The executioner, Simms, arrives the same day. He drinks with Jim, but is generally unfriendly. The sheriff invites Simms to see the men he is to hang, but Simms holds off until the town is at church for a pre-execution mass. While pretending to evaluate the men he is to hang, Simms stabs the sheriff in the back. The sheriff shoots and kills Simms in the struggle, but inmates strangle the sheriff unconscious and take his keys. The four escape and capture Emma as a hostage. The wounded sheriff comes into the church during the service and tells the townspeople that the prisoners have escaped. The townspeople form a posse to ride out immediately. They enlist Jim's aid to track them down, but Jim waits until morning. The posse is held up at a pass when one of the four men sets up as a sniper. Jim catches up with the posse the next day while they are held up trying to dislodge one of the four. Jim corners Parral, who pleads for his life before Jim kills him. Then Jim ropes Taylor by the feet and hangs him upside-down from a tree. The two remaining men reach the house of John Butler , a prospector and Jim's neighbor. Zachary kills Butler and Lujan steals the sack of coins he tried to run off with, but they see someone approaching in the distance and leave in a panic, leaving Emma behind. The people coming turn out to be Josefa and Jim, arriving from different directions. Jim identifies the body, and the posse arrives and finds Emma, raped by Bill Zachary, in the house. Jim tells the posse to ride on while he goes back to his ranch to get fresh horses. However, when Jim arrives home, he finds that the fugitives have taken his last horses. Leaving Josefa with his daughter, he rejoins the posse. When they arrive at the Mexican border, Jim goes on alone. He finds Zachary in a bar and kills him in a gunfight. He then goes on to the home of the fourth man Lujan. When Jim shows a photo of his wife to Lujan, Lujan insists he has never seen the woman before, and recalls that he and his companions rode past the Douglas ranch on their way from the border. Pointing to the sack, Jim states that the men who killed his wife stole the sack containing the family's life savings. When Lujan tells Jim that he took the bag from Butler's dead hand, Jim realizes that Butler killed his wife. Jim sees that he had been pursuing men who had nothing to do with his wife's death. Indeed, when he showed each of them a picture of his wife, all of them denied ever having seen her. Jim realizes that he is no better than the men he has been pursuing, having killed in cold blood. He returns to town and goes to the church to beg forgiveness. The priest  says that he did what he felt was right and to his credit, does not take refuge in the fact that they were outlaws anyway. Josefa then arrives with Jim's daughter, and as they exit the church together, the sheriff, who has recovered, thanks Jim for his service to the town."] ['Wyatt Earp sits down with a reporter in his home. The reporter and Earp talks in an interview of how he became a famous lawman. Earp tells the story of how the legend became a fearless US Marshal. A 27 year old Wyatt Earp  finds out that his first favorite girl, Dora Hand , was murdered by a man. He goes out of town to track down the man and teams up with his friend Doc Holliday , Bat Masterson , Charlie Bassett , and Bill Tilghman . The screenplay was penned by Darren Benjamin Shepherd.'] ['The setting is 1913 Mexico at the time of the Revolution. Juan Miranda , a Mexican outlaw leading a bandit family, meets John  Mallory , an early Irish Republican explosives expert on the run from the British. Noting his skill with explosives, Juan relentlessly tries to make him join a raid on the Mesa Verde national bank. John in the meantime has made contact with the revolutionaries and intends to use his dynamite in their service. The bank is hit as part of an orchestrated revolutionary attack on the army organized by Doctor Villega . Juan, interested only in the money, is shocked to find that the bank has no funds and instead is used by the army as a political prison. John, Juan and his family end up freeing hundreds of prisoners, causing Juan to become a "great, grand, glorious hero of the revolution". The revolutionaries are chased into the hills by an army detachment led by Colonel Günther Reza . John and Juan volunteer to stay behind with two machine guns and dynamite. Much of the army\'s detachment is destroyed while crossing a bridge which is machinegunned by them and blown to bits by John. Col. Reza who commands an armoured car, survives. After the battle, John and Juan find most of their comrades, including Juan\'s family and children, have been killed by the army in a cave. Engulfed with grief and rage, Juan goes out to fight the army singlehanded and is captured. John sneaks into camp where he witnesses executions of many of his fellow revolutionaries by firing squad. They had been informed on by Dr. Villega, who has been tortured by Col. Reza and his men. This evokes in John memories of a similar betrayal by Nolan , his best friend, whom John kills for informing. Juan faces a firing squad of his own, but John arrives and blows up the squad and the wall with dynamite just in time. They escape on a motorcycle John is driving. John and Juan hide in the animal coach of a train. It stops to pick up the tyrannical Governor Don Jaime , who is fleeing  from the revolutionary forces belonging to Pancho Villa and Emiliano Zapata. As the train is ambushed, John, as a test of Juan\'s loyalty, lets him choose between shooting the Governor and accepting a bribe from him. Juan kills Jaime, and also steals the Governor\'s spoils. As the doors to the coach open, Juan is greeted by a large crowd and again unexpectedly hailed as a great hero of the revolution, the money taken away by revolutionary General Santerna . On a train with commanders of the revolution, John and Juan are joined by Dr. Villega, who has escaped. John alone knows of Villega\'s betrayal. They learn that Pancho Villa\'s forces will be delayed by 24 hours and that an army train carrying 1,000 soldiers and heavy weapons, led by Col. Reza, will be arriving in a few hours, which will surely overpower the rebel position. John suggests they rig a locomotive with dynamite and send it head on. He requires one other man, but instead of picking Juan, who volunteers, he chooses Dr. Villega. It becomes clear to Villega that he knows of the betrayal. John nonetheless pleads with him to jump off the locomotive before it hits the army\'s train, but Villega feels guilty and stays on board. John jumps in time and the two trains collide, killing Villega and a number of soldiers. The revolutionaries\' ambush is successful, but as John approaches to meet Juan, he is shot in the back by Col. Reza. An enraged Juan riddles the Colonel\'s body with a machine gun. As John lies dying, he continues to have memories of his best friend, Nolan, and a young woman both apparently loved. John recalls killing Nolan after being betrayed by him to the law. Juan kneels by his side to ask about Dr. Villega. John keeps the doctor\'s secret and tells Juan that he died a hero of the revolution. As Juan goes to seek help, John recalls his time in Ireland with Nolan and a girl whom they both were in love with; knowing his end is near, sets off a second charge he secretly laid in case the battle went bad. Juan stares at the burning remains, asking forlornly: "What about me?"'] ["Mary McCloud  marries a seemingly peaceful Kansas schoolteacher William Cantrell , before finding out that he harbors a dark secret. He is actually an outlaw leader who attacks both sides in the Civil War for his own profit. After capturing a wagon loaded with Confederate uniforms, he decides to pass himself off as a Confederate officer. Her naive, idealistic brother Fletcher  joins what he believes is a Rebel guerrilla force. Meanwhile, Cantrell's stern, but loved mother  refuses to accept any of her son's ill-gotten loot. A former suitor of Mary's, Union supporter Bob Seton , is captured by Cantrell and scheduled for execution. After being rescued by a disillusioned Fletcher McCloud, Seton and Mary Cantrell race to the town of Lawrence  to warn the residents of an impending attack by Cantrell's gang."] ["Shane Cooper , a young police officer, relocates to the small town of Red Hill with his pregnant wife Alice  . On his first day on the job, he is shown hostility from Old Bill , the head of the police force, for being unable to find his gun and getting shot on duty when he couldn't bring himself to fire his weapon on an armed boy. During Shane's first day on the job, the police learn that Jimmy Conway , a convicted murderer who was arrested by Old Bill for killing his wife, has escaped from prison. Knowing that Jimmy will return to town to seek revenge, Old Bill orders his officers and a group of civilians to arm themselves and shoot Jimmy on sight. Old Bill's men prove to be no match for Jimmy, who effortlessly kills officers and armed civilians. The convict encounters Shane but lets him live. When Shane finds Old Bill, he confronts Bill over the fact that Jimmy spared his life and learns that Bill has refused to call for backup from a nearby town. Shane draws his gun on Bill, but again finds himself unable to fire it and is subsequently knocked out and handcuffed to a table. Shane escapes and uses a satellite phone at Gleason's farm to contact the nearby police for backup. During the call Shane discovers Gleason  on the verge of hanging himself; when Shane talks to him, the farmer reveals that Jimmy Conway is innocent of the murder of his wife. The murder was the work of Old Bill and his men, who set fire to Jimmy's house after raping and killing his wife, revenge for Jimmy's interference in a proposed railroad extension that would have gone through Red Hill. Gleason informs Shane that he has a written document of what really happened, before committing suicide. Now knowing the real reason why Jimmy returned to Red Hill, Shane returns home to get his gun, which Alice found while he was on duty. Near the outskirts of town, Old Bill sets stacks of hay on fire to attract Jimmy's attention. Jimmy arrives and kills Bill's last remaining deputies, but is stopped from finishing Bill off when two of Bill's friends arrive and hold him at gunpoint. Shane also arrives and saves Jimmy by shooting Bill's friends after informing Bill that he knows the truth. The police backup arrives and confront Jimmy as he prepares to get his revenge on Old Bill. Despite Shane's efforts to get him to drop his gun, Jimmy kills Old Bill and is promptly shot by the police. Before dying, the seemingly mute Jimmy tells Shane that his wife was pregnant with his son."] ["Owen Daybright is ranch foreman and Lee Strobie works by his side for Colorado cattleman Arch Strobie, who adopted both of them, 15 years apart. Arch has no sons of his own. Lily Fasken gives birth and won't identify the father. Her brothers Hub and Dick believe that Owen is responsible. They know he gave her $500 to take care of the baby, but aren't aware Owen did so on Lee's behalf. The brothers pick a fight with Owen and are put behind bars for a week, vowing to get even as soon as they're out. Lee is married to Jen, who is unaware he has been unfaithful. Lee also is ambitious. He says he'll leave forever unless Arch grants him a half-interest in the ranch, now rather than later. Arch agrees, saying Owen can inherit the other half after the old man dies. Arch blurts out that Lee withdrew $500 in gold from the bank, causing Jen to realize that her husband is the father of Lily's baby. She wants to leave him, but is persuaded by Owen to stay and try to work things out. Jen locks Lee out of their bedroom. Lee gets drunk and mistakenly believes she and Owen are carrying on behind his back. He schemes to get rid of Owen and make a fortune at the same time by conspiring with Hub and Dick to ambush Owen on a cattle roundup. On the trail, Lee sells 3,000 head of Arch's cattle. He does it secretly, but Owen learns about it. Lee pretends that he just wants his share of the money and will be leaving Jen and the ranch permanently, but he lures Owen into a trap. Hub and Dick hide, waiting for them. Owen is shot and wounded, but he kills Dick and his men ride up to do away with Hub. When he catches up with Lee, in a stream, they shoot it out and Lee ends up dead."] ['MacKintosh  is an aging migrant cowboy drifting from ranch to ranch doing odd jobs along the way with the exception of his World War II service in the Pacific. When passing through a town he sees T.J.  a 14 year old recently released from doing clean up work for vagrancy. Shopping for supplies, MacKintosh sights T.J. preparing to steal an apple being watched by the store owner. MacKintosh pretends the boy is with him and pays for their supplies. Giving T.J. a ride the two realise they have much in common. Having left his single mother and not having been in school since Dick and Jane books were used , T.J. is off to work his way to the Pacific Ocean that he has never seen. When MacKintosh\'s vehicle breaks down T.J. catches a lift with a well dressed stranger on his way to El Paso as MacKintosh makes his repairs. Stopping for dinner in a bar that night, MacKintosh sights T.J. working as a busboy in the bar. T.J. explains that the man who picked him up was "funny" that made T.J. leave him as quicly as possible. A drunken loud cowboy named Cal misplaces his money and accuses T.J. of stealing. When Cal strikes T.J., MacKintosh knocks him down. Cal comes after MacKintosh with a knife with MacKintosh knocking him down again by breaking a catsup bottle on his head. Losing his job, T.J. and MacKintosh team up again. The pair find work at the 6666 Ranch run by Jim Webster where MacKintosh impresses everyone when he breaks horses, works as a ranch hand and gains more money by obtaining cash bounties for coyotes he shoots. T.J. is put to work cleaning up abandoned buildings. The two settle in until accusations are made against MacKintosh for his being too friendly to the wife of his foreman.'] ["Leslie Edwards , a foppish, wealthy, high-society aristocrat, and the loud, low-brow Bartholomew Hunt  are competing against the renowned Lewis & Clark to be the first to chart and make it across the United States to the Pacific Ocean. In the beginning of the film, Edwards has high hopes to head the first expedition to make it across the U.S., but while he has ambition and funding, he has grown up sheltered and knows little of the wilderness he seeks to cross. To aid in his journey, he hires the services of a supposedly knowledgeable wilderness-man and tracker, Hunt, who, once they get underway, turns out to be less than advertised. Aided by a crew of varied, rugged and gristled frontiersmen, they are also joined by their group's version of Sacagawea, a young Indian woman by the name Shaquinna , who is integral in helping them find their way across the dangerous and unknown terrain ahead, as well as, eventually becoming Edwards' love interest. Along the way, the group goes through various mishaps and ordeals from having to deal with quirky, indigenous Indian tribes to vicious eagles, to running out of food and romantic snafus, as Hunt's ineptness often causes more problems than it solves. Along the way, Edward and Hunt's shared journey helps Edwards shed his aristocratic, snooty ways and learns camaraderie and honor, as well as a more humble view of a world he thought he understood. Hunt finds true friendship in Edwards and a sense of self-confidence he had not known before. After many hardships and setbacks, they eventually make it to the Pacific coast just minutes before Lewis and Clark's expedition. Once the celebration is over, however, they find that they don't necessarily want to go back to their old lives and collectively decide to continue their adventure, leading Edwards and Hunt's expedition to further explore the great uncharted world."] ["{{Expand section}} Brendan O'Malley  crosses the border into Mexico to escape justice for a murder. He arrives at the ranch of a former lover, Belle Breckenridge  and her husband, the drunkard and coward John Breckenridge . O'Malley meets her daughter Melissa . He is immediately attracted to Missy, who reminds him of Belle when they were lovers years ago. Breckenridge, meanwhile, hires O'Malley to drive his herd to Texas. Sheriff Dana Stribling  is pursuing O'Malley. He arrives at the ranchero to serve a warrant for the murder of his brother-in-law. Stribling does not have jurisdiction to arrest O'Malley in Mexico so he also agrees to join the cattle drive to Texas. He promises to deliver O'Malley to the law upon their arrival. Along the journey, Stribling and Belle become attracted to each other and plan to marry, and O'Malley and Missy fall in love, increasing the tension between the sheriff and the outlaw. On the eve of the showdown between the two men, Belle discloses the secret that Missy is the daughter of O'Malley and their incestuous love cannot continue. At the gunfight, O'Malley faces the sheriff with an unloaded gun, effectively committing suicide."] ["Set in 1950s Arizona, the story follows a drifter and gambler named Beaudray Demerille . In a card game he wins the movie's title character Wanda Nevada , a 13 year old orphan with dreams of singing at the Grand Ole Opry. Despite his best efforts, Wanda sticks to Demerille, accompanying him to a pool hall. Texas Curly , an aging prospector, enters and tells the bar patrons about his gold mine in the Grand Canyon. They laugh him off as a drunk. As Curly leaves the bar, he drops a pouch. Wanda picks it up and follows Curly, then sees Strap Pangburn  and Ruby Muldoon , two cons from the bar, harassing the man about the location of the mine. Wanda runs when Strap and Ruby kill Curly, alerting them to her presence. She hides in Demerille's car and tells him about Curly's death. Strap and Ruby see Wanda in the car but get lost in the chase. Stopped for the night, Demerille and Wanda open Curly's pouch and find a map. They head to the Grand Canyon and trade the car for mining supplies. Strap and Ruby follow behind by half a day. While traveling Demerille and Wanda meet Dorothy Deerfield , a LIFE photographer. Dorothy and Demerille try to get better acquainted after dinner in her tent, but Wanda intrudes. They discuss their pasts, with Dorothy's husband and Wanda's father both killed during military service. Demerille tries to be nice but comes off as insensitive, and he and Wanda leave camp in the morning. They find a rope ladder over the canyon's side to a small cave. Before going down, Wanda confesses to Demerille that she loves him. He holds the rope as she rappels down the rock wall. An owl flies out at her and Wanda falls, but Demerille pulls her back up only to find that she is unconscious. He sits cradling Wanda and says he loves her, too. Demerille then explores the cave himself and finds gold. He returns to find Wanda awake and shows her a large gold piece. While mining the next day, Strap and Ruby finally catch up to them. Wanda and Demerille return to camp with four bags of gold only to find their mules gone. They throw the bags into the canyon in case someone is watching, then start walking. Strap and Ruby hold them at gunpoint and demand the gold, but Wanda insists there was none. A shootout leaves everyone unharmed. Strap and Ruby run off, and Demerille and Wanda seek shelter for the night. The following morning they find Strap and Ruby crucified in the desert. Wanda finds the mined gold scattered nearby. They pack it up and head down to the shore, where a boat is buried in the sand. After docking downstream, Demerille counts the gold as Wanda sleeps. The owl from the cave appears and an arrow is shot from the distance into Demerille's chest. Demerille, mortally wounded, pushes the boat into the river and passes out. Wanda wakes up the next morning as the boat is afloat in the river and finds Demerille on the edge of death, he professes his love for Wanda and passes out. Sometime later, Wanda is in a hotel and is about to be returned to the orphanage by looming nuns. Reporters swarm the hotel lobby, all trying to get an exclusive story. Wanda flees the nuns as Demerille pulls up outside the hotel in a new convertible. Wanda jumps in the convertible, and both laugh as Demerille tells the reporters there never was any gold in the Grand Canyon and Demerille and Wanda drive off into the sunset."] ['Zandy Allan is a hard-working cattle rancher in a remote part of the American West who needs a hired hand more than he needs a wife. He sends away for a mail-order bride, a Swedish woman who lives near Minneapolis. Expecting a woman in her 20s, Zandy is surprised when Hannah Lund turns out to be 32. He is not interested in love, only in work, although this does not keep him from misbehaving around a local woman named Maria. Hannah is here, in his mind, strictly to help Zandy and his family run the ranch. Zandy is unaccustomed to the ways of the world and clearly a fish out of water during a visit to San Francisco. The more time he spends with Hannah, meanwhile, the less he comes to treat her as a mere possession that he has bought.'] ["Phoebe Ann Naylor  is about to be wed to Don Andrea Baldazar, El Duce de la Casala  in Louisiana. The festivities are broken up with the arrival of Yancey Cottle  and his relatives, who form a U.S. cavalry unit under the command of Cottle's cousin, Captain Rodney Stimpson ([[Peter Graves . When Cottle is killed, Don Andrea is charged with murder. He flees, promising to meet up with Phoebe Ann across the river in Texas, not yet a U.S. state. In the wake of the failed wedding, Phoebe Ann is sent to Texas to lie low until the scandal blows over. Her wagon train is helped by Sam Hollis  and his Indian sidekick, Kronk . Along the way, Hollis gets separated from the wagon train and meets up with Don Andrea, whom he calls Baldy. The two form an antagonistic relationship, as well as a love-triangle with Phoebe Ann, made more complex by the Indian maiden Loneta , and the men's attempts to keep a Comanche raiding party at bay."] ['The film is about a rancher and former rodeo star named Dan  and his rottweiler Luke. While he is hunting a wild stallion, Dan comes across a runaway boy. A friendship soon grows and the two set out to catch the mustang together.'] ['{{Expand section}} The eldest daughter of a pioneer family is kidnapped by a mysterious Indian tribe and the eldest son pursues. In order to win back his sister\'s freedom, he must sacrifice his own life by passing the test of "Crooked Sky" and shield his sister from an executioner\'s arrow. Along the way, he recruits a broken down, drunk prospector to help him track down the unknown tribe and rescue his sister.'] ['An agent of an unspecified foreign power  plots to take over California during the confusion of the American Civil War.'] ["Prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor, the U.S. Army buys some horses from the Range Busters' ranch for service in the Philippines. The cowboys tangle with Axis spies in both Texas and in the Philippines."] ['A former gunslinger, Tom Horn ([[John Ireland . has to fight off a renegade cavalryman and his band of outlaws who are terrorising pioneer settlers and the local Indians.'] ['Luke Cromwell, aka the "Silver Kid" , loses his father to mine claim-jumpers. He is deputised by Marshal Lightning Tyrone  of Silver City who wants to defeat the claim jumpers. Both men fall for woman, Tyrone for the treacherous Opal Lacey , who is secretly in league with the claim jumpers, and Cromwell with tomboy, Dusty Fargo .'] ['The former strongest man on earth and his crafty manager tour small South American towns staging wrestling matches. Arriving in Santa Maria, they are met with uncommon enthusiasm by the locals, snowballing into a major challenge to their livelihood and their friendship…'] ["In a case of mistaken identity, the Cisco Kid and his sidekick Gordito arrive in town only to learn that Cisco has been declared dead. Even worse than that, before he died, Cisco was accused of having tried to steal Susan Wetherby's land. Cisco must prove both his identity and his innocence."] ['Helen Kane takes lead role and stars as Dangerous Nan Mcgrew, an entertainer in a travelling medicine show run by her boss. Muldoon one of the members of the medicine show is a fugitive who is on the run from a murder charge. Its up to Dangerous Nan Mcgrew the Sharpshooting singer to save the day. The medicine show gets stranded at a snowbound hunting lodge of a wealthy woman. Performing at a Christmas Eve show for the lodge guests, the saxophone playing nephew of the landlady falls in love with Nan. Enter the villain, a bank robber . Can the Royal Canadian Mounted Police be far behind? You betcha!'] ['Sandy McKenzie  sets out on his last hunt with his long-time partner, the obsessive Charles Gilson ([[Robert Taylor . While McKenzie has grown tired of buffalo hunting, Gilson derives a pleasure from his "stands" – killing an entire herd of buffalo at one time. When Gilson chases down and kills an Indian raiding party, he takes an Indian woman and her child captive. The presence of the native woman causes tension and Gilson becomes increasingly paranoid and deranged, leading to a stand-off between the two former partners.'] ['Murderer Mattie Appleyard, bank robber Lee Cottrill and young Johnny Jesus are released from the West Virginia State Penitentiary, located in the fictional town of Glory, in 1935.  Appleyard is issued a check for $25,452.32 for his 40 years of prison work, an enormous amount in the Great Depression. All three men are escorted by prison Captain "Doc" Council to the train out of town. However, Council has no intention of letting all that money get away. He and his accomplices, Steve Mystic and Junior Kilfong, hold up the train. Kilfong shoots an innocent passenger, mining supply salesman Roy K. Sizemore, while trying to stop the ex-convicts from getting away. Council kills the wounded Sizemore and places the blame on Appleyard. Later, as Council is telling his partner, banker Homer Grindstaff, what happened, Appleyard walks in with sticks of dynamite  strapped to him and a suitcase with "60 more pounds". Appleyard threatens to blow them all up "and half this city block" if the banker doesn\'t cash his check. Grindstaff reluctantly cashes Appleyard\'s check. Appleyard and his friends split up to meet again later. While waiting at the rendezvous, Cottrill is talked into boarding a houseboat owned by down-on-her-luck prostitute Cleo for a drink of whiskey. Also aboard is Chanty, a sixteen-year-old virgin whom Cleo has taken in and is hoping for the first customer willing to pay $100 for her virginity. Appleyard and Johnny show up, only to be tracked down by Council and his bloodhound. The three friends get away in a skiff, leaving what is thought to be a case of money with Cleo . Johnny is worried about what Council will do to Chanty, so they turn around and row back. By then, Council has left, but not before telling Cleo about Appleyard\'s money. Held at gunpoint, Appleyard gives her his suitcase . Believing that she is now rich, Cleo gladly lets the men take Chanty with them. After they leave, Cleo tries to shoot the locked suitcase open and blows herself and the houseboat up. The fugitives are later trapped on a boxcar by Council on a train which, as in a "fools\' parade", has led them back to where they started. Luckily for them, guilt-ridden train conductor Willis Hubbard helps them escape, though he is too afraid of Council to tell the police what he knows. Council and his partners Mystic and Kilfong track the others to an abandoned house. Council decides he doesn\'t want to share the loot, so he kills his two confederates. He then shoots a window out, wounding Appleyard. Johnny throws dynamite at Council, but it is fetched back to him by Council\'s bloodhound. Appleyard hastily throws it back out the window, killing Council. As soon as Hubbard confesses the truth, Grindstaff is arrested and Appleyard and his friends are exonerated.'] ['Tom Horn, a legendary frontier scout and tracker who helped to capture Geronimo, drifts around the quickly disappearing western frontier. The story begins as he rides into a small town and provokes prizefighter Jim Corbett, ending up in a livery stable, unconscious and badly bruised. Cattle company owner John Coble finds Horn in the livery and offers him his ranch to recuperate. He also offers him work investigating and deterring cattle rustlers who steal from the grazing association to which Coble belongs. He implies that the association will support Horn in implementing vigilante justice. Horn accepts the offer and receives the approval of U.S. marshal Joe Belle at an association picnic where he also catches the eye of the local schoolteacher, Glendolene. Calling himself a "stock detective," Horn confronts cowboys at an auction whose cattle bear Coble\'s brand. After giving them fair warning he goes on a one man crusade to kill or otherwise drive off anyone who rustles the cattle of his benefactors. Horn\'s methods are brutal but effective. After a public gunfight, the local townspeople become alarmed at his violent nature and public opinion turns against him. The owners of the large cattle companies realize that while he is doing exactly what they hired him to do, his tactics will ultimately tarnish their image and begin to plot his demise. Joe Belle, who has political ambitions, wants Horn out of the way for the same reasons. Their conspiracy is set in motion when a young boy tending sheep is shot by a .45-60; the same caliber rifle Tom Horn is known to use. Horn is slow to realize that he is being set up. Proud and convinced of his own innocence, he refuses to leave the country or avoid the town. Glendolene and Coble try to warn him to be careful, but Horn ignores the warning. Joe Belle coaxes Horn out of a saloon and back to his office where a man transcribing their conversation is hidden in the next room. Horn does not admit to the murders but states that "If I did shoot that boy, it was the best shot I ever made." Based on this conversation Horn is taken prisoner. Unaccustomed to being unable to come and go as he pleases into his beloved hills, Horn seems lost. He breaks out of jail and attempts to flee. He is recaptured and convicted based on the testimony of the newspaperman who skewed the conversation between Belle and Horn. As his execution nears, Horn accepts his fate and remains resolved in the moments before he is hanged.'] ['Naive Montana cowboy Duke Fergus  arrives in San Francisco and visits the notorious Barbary Coast. He becomes smitten with the lovely star attraction of the fanciest gambling hall, "Flaxen" Tarry , the "Flame of the Barbary Coast". He gets talked into gambling against the owner , cardshark Tito Morell . Predictably, Fergus gets cheated and loses all his money. He sets himself to win Flaxen\'s affections and decides the best way to do it is to take over. He gets his friend Wolf Wylie  to teach him everything about gambling, including how to spot cheating. When he\'s ready, he sells all he owns and returns to the city to challenge Morell\'s rule of the Barbary Coast. He goes from casino to casino, challenging each one\'s resident poker champion to a heads-up game, starting with Morell. Duke wins every time. Fergus then builds an opulent new gambling establishment, catering to the upper class. To make it a success, he needs to persuade Flaxen to come work for him, but she is initially not interested. Only when Morell offends her does she decide to accept Fergus\'s offer. And then the fireworks begin. Morell does not take the challenge laying down.'] ["At the West Point Military Academy in 1854, Cadet Carl Rader  , a disciple of the fanatic abolitionist John Brown, is dishonorably discharged for conspiracy. His classmates Jeb Stuart  and George Custer  become second lieutenants and are posted to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas Territory, the most dangerous duty in the army. On the way to Kansas, Custer and Stuart meet Cyrus K. Holliday, in charge of building the railroad to Santa Fe, New Mexico, and his daughter Kit , with whom both officers fall in love. The Kansas Territory is bloodstained and war-torn, a victim of John Brown's relentless crusade against slavery. Meanwhile, Rader has enlisted as a mercenary in Brown's army, which has been terrorizing the countryside with bloody raids. During Brown's attack on a freight wagon under the protection of the U.S. Army, Stuart and Custer capture Brown's injured son Jason, and before dying, the troubled boy informs them about his father's hideout at Shubel Morgan's ranch in Palmyra. In disguise, Stuart rides into Palmyra, the center of the underground railroad, but is recognized by Rader, who takes him at gunpoint to Brown . While trying to escape, Stuart is trapped in a burning barn but is saved as Custer leads the cavalry to the rescue and drives Brown into seclusion. Believing that Brown's force has been broken, Stuart and Custer are sent back to Washington, D.C., where Stuart proposes to Kit. However, far from being defeated, Brown is planning to ignite war by raiding the arsenal at Harper's Ferry, Virginia. When Brown refuses to pay Rader for his services, Rader rides to Washington to alert Stuart of Brown's plans, and the troops arrive just in time to crush the rebellion and hang Brown."] ["The film centers around a family of Swedish immigrants in Nebraska around the turn of the 20th century. The family's father dies and leaves the family farm to his daughter. She does her best to make the farm work when many others are giving up and leaving."] ["When Trace Jordan's brother is murdered and several of their horses stolen, Trace sees by the tracks that three men are involved. One man was wearing Mexican spurs, one walked with a limp, and one smokes cheroots. Upon arriving in the town of Esparza, Trace sees a destroyed sheriff's office and discovers the only law in Esparza is Joe Sutton. He also discovers that the stolen horses have been rebranded with the Sutton brand, and their riders who match the description of their tracks work for Sutton. Trace enters Joe Sutton's  ranch and wounds him in a shooting. The enraged Sutton sends his son Jack , his foreman Ben  and ten ranch hands to track down Trace before he goes to an Army fort to bring law to Esparza. Wounded in his escape, Trace is helped by courageous half Mexican woman Maria Colton . Unable to locate the hidden Trace, Joe Sutton enlists a half Indian tracker Jacob Lantz ."] ["Set in the late 19th-century New Mexico, Samuel Jones reappears hoping to reconcile with his adult daughter Maggie Gilkeson. She is unable to forgive him for abandoning the family and leaving her mother to a hard life and early death. This situation changes when Pesh-Chidin and a dozen of his followers who have left the reservation pass through the area, ritualistically killing settlers and taking their daughters to be sold into prostitution and slavery across the Mexican border. Among those captured is Maggie's eldest daughter, Lilly. Maggie's rancher boyfriend Brake Baldwin was among the settlers killed. The U.S. Cavalry refuses to help retrieve the captive women as its resources are tied up conducting forced relocation of captive Native Americans. This leaves Maggie, her father, and her younger daughter Dot alone in tracking the attackers. The group unexpectedly meets up with Kayitah, a Chiricahua, and an old friend of Jones, who also happens to be tracking the attackers with his son Honesco, because among the captives is a young Chiricahua woman who is engaged to Honesco. After the two agree to join the group, and Maggie treats Honesco's injuries, Kayitah informs Maggie that Jones had been a member of their Chiricahua band where he gained the name Chaa-duu-ba-its-iidan,  during his wanderings. It is finally with the combined efforts of the two families that they are able to free the women, at the cost of Kayitah's life, and immediately flee to the mountains with the kidnappers behind them. Knowing they have no other choice but to stand their ground, the group fights off the remaining kidnappers including Two Stone. During the battle, Jones fights El Brujo, the one responsible for kidnapping his granddaughter, Lilly. When Brujo attempts to kill Maggie with a pistol, Jones sacrifices his life to save his daughter as both he and Brujo fall off a cliff to their deaths. Maggie shoots the last remaining kidnapper Naazhaao to death. She realizes her father's love for her and finally forgives him."] ['Main character  is very polite and genial. On a ride to the small town of Paradise Valley, he runs into an "old-timer"  who is looking for water for his car. Martin is surprised to see a car; he gives the old timer his entire canteen of water. George, the mailman for the area, starts his car back up and heads down the road. Farther down, the road is being watched by highwaymen who have set up an ambush. Martin is riding on the same road and sees the highwaymen chasing George. Martin follows and takes on the highwaymen, but not before the last one shoots George. Martin leaps from his horse to the car; George is okay, the bullet only grazed his skull. Martin hitches his horse on the back of the car and rides into town with George. Martin takes George taken to the town doctor. Meanwhile, the townspeople are rallying against the gang of highwaymen. The people of Paradise Valley are trying to build a road and modernize the town. They want to bring in "law and order" to the area because they\'re tired of being abused and terrorized by the gang. They are putting together a petition to the Governor of the state for legal and physical protection against the gang. Martin walks into the Post Office and claims he beat back the highwaymen. When Martin sees a suspicious character and asks him some questions, the man starts fighting with Martin; some of the town elders are watching the fight. Martin accuses the suspicious guy as being part of the highwaymen. The elders say about Martin, "Say, that fellow\'s a fighter! We need him around here!" The postmistress  thinks Martin is not a good guy, but it\'s obvious to us  he\'s a good guy. George champions Martin\'s character due to his valiant struggle with the highwaymen. Meanwhile, the gang is sitting in the saloon, talking about how they messed up the ambush. They need to stop the road and keep the law out of the valley; they\'re headed up by Rogers, a prominent man in town who got Eleanor her job. Martin figures out exactly what the gang is wanting to do—they want to send the prospectors out of business and then buy the prospectors\' land at an extremely high price. The general store owner  thinks Martin is "the one man who wont be intimidated by this gang", and he touts himself as an excellent judge of character and infers that Martin measures up to his standards. Martin went to school for engineering, so he\'s smart and capable of rebuilding the road. He\'s a strategist who knows how the gang will work. He is magnetic and gets the people behind him. Meanwhile, the gang is strategizing on how to attack the road workers; the road workers pick up their weapons and start defending themselves against the gang. A shoot-out occurs; George uses dynamite to fend off the attackers. Martin returns to the Post Office, where Eleanor is nice and friendly to Martin; she\'s had a change of heart because of his friendliness, bravery, and hard work on the road. He is gentle and flirtatious, but humble and virtuous. Gang is in the dark saloon, playing poker, smoking, and drinking. The gang plans to hide out along the road and waits to kidnap George. They don\'t hesitate to use physical violence, and they knocking out a bystander and leave him along the road. The other guy revives and quickly rides to the road workers, where he tells Martin what happened. Martin immediately leaves and rides alone to save George. He skillfully tracks the gang to an old cabin, where he quickly sneaks into the barn and finds George tied up. George insists that they have to get the car out because it has mail in it; Martin disagrees but decided to help George. Mr. Rogers walks in the Post Office and leaves his wallet on the desk, the postmistress walks out with him, he gets her to give him the key and he runs back to the Post Office to steal the petition about the road. The gang substitutes a petition to release another gang member from his sentence for his crimes. They also revel in the fact that they stole all the remaining dynamite. Two weeks later, Martin and George wonder why they haven\'t heard anything about the petition. In the gang hideout, Mr. Rogers walks in with the pardoned gang member , the gang explains the situation to him. Turns out Martin and Butch were cellmates in jail. Butch wants to see Martin, so Mr. Rogers goes to find him. In the Post Office, Mr. Rogers tells the postmistress that Martin is an ex-convict. Martin rides into town; Rogers calls him over; the general store owner  sees the conversation. Martin seems happy to hear that Butch is in town. George sees Martin going into the Saloon with Rogers; George goes into the Post Office, Powell follows, they assume Martin is fraternizing with Rogers and Butch. George has faith in Martin, but Powell and Eleanor assume the worst about him. Meanwhile, Martin is talking to Butch about the road; Martin is on the same side with Butch, and he agrees to destroy the road in return for a cut of the profits when the prospectors sell out. The townspeople gather and talk about how Martin has betrayed them. Powell issues a call to arms to kill the entire gang. George and Eleanor find a letter to George from the governor. Martin is an undercover agent who is trying to bust out the gang, and the letter specifies that the townspeople should cooperate and comply with Martin\'s "suspicious" activities without blowing his cover. George and Eleanor realize they have to stop the mob that has just left town to stop Martin and Butch. George hitches up a couple of horses to the car to pull it like a carriage. Meanwhile, the townspeople mob is getting closer and closer to the gang and Martin. Suddenly, Martin punches out Rogers, and a shoot-out begins between the townspeople and the gang. Butch is hooking up the dynamite, but Martin stops him and they begin fighting. The gang starts retreating, but Butch sets off the dynamite right on top of the gang, killing all of his men. Martin arrests Butch and shows that he was using the gang to get through the road because they had stolen all of the dynamite. George drives the car up to the hill and remarks on the road\'s success. Finally, the road is built, runs through the hill, and is all set up for the town. In the back seat of the car, Martin and Eleanor are kissing.'] ['Hondo Lane  arrives on foot at a ranch where Mrs. Angie Lowe  and her son Johnny  have been deserted by her husband for months. Part Apache, Hondo tries to avoid confrontation with war chief Vittorio , but finally bails out inexperienced West Point graduate Cavalry Lieutenant  and old friend scout Buffalo . When Hondo finally admits he had to kill Mr Lowe  in self-defense, Angie reveals her husband was a gambler, unfaithful, unkind, and only married her for her inheritance. She disagrees with Hondo\'s devotion to "truth", calls his desire to confess to Johnny selfish, and asks to leave with him and the remains of a wagon train heading towards his farm that looks just like hers.'] ['In the present, a plague breaks out and the infected have been transformed into zombies. The action starts 80 years after the initial outbreak. The western United States has devolved into a disconnected series of ghost towns overrun by zombies such as the Toar Zombie and the Little Girl Zombie, and the government is awarding bounties in exchange for the pinkies of the undead. Ryn survives and follows Remington with the aid of Hans Tubman , a foreigner who double crossed him, in order to retrieve the sack of pinkies he had earlier collected when the movie began.'] ['On the way to meet his former boss, railroad tycoon Ben Kimball , Grant McLaine  rescues a young boy, Joey Adams , from Concho . Ben informs Grant that his payroll has been robbed several times already by a gang led by Whitey Harbin  and the Utica Kid . If Ben\'s workers don\'t get paid soon, they will all leave. Grant accepts the job of taking $10,000 to them by train. When the train is held up again, Grant hides the money in a shoebox carried by Joey. The ploy works, but the young boy turns out to be friends with the Utica Kid, who takes him along with him. When the robbers cannot find the money, they take Ben\'s wife Verna  to hold for ransom. Concho, a member of the gang, knocks out Grant for revenge, and the train leaves without him. When Grant wakes up, he trails the gang to a ghost town. He boldly asks to join up, revealing that he is the Kid\'s older brother [interestingly, the Kid\'s given name is Lee]. Utica is suspicious of his heretofore honest sibling, so Whitey  accepts him. Concho tries to shoot Grant unexpectedly, but Grant is faster to the draw. Afterwards, he tells the Kid where the money is, in an attempt to reform his brother. It doesn\'t work. The Kid gives Grant ten minutes to leave before he tells the gang, but Grant calls his bluff. Then, railroad employee Will Renner  shows up to collect his share of the loot. He had been Whitey\'s informer. He recognizes Grant  as the man assigned to deliver the payroll, and a gunfight ensues. Grant, Verna and Charlotte "Charlie" Drew , the Kid\'s girlfriend, are pinned down in a building. Grant sends Verna to safety in a tram, but Charlie refuses to leave. Meanwhile, the Kid is planning to quietly leave with Joey and the money. However, Joey rushes to Grant\'s side, and the Kid reluctantly joins forces with his brother. They kill all the gang members except Whitey. When Whitey sneaks up and shoots at Grant, the Kid steps in and takes the bullet, and Grant kills Whitey.'] ['At a St. Louis opera house in 1860, a singer in blackface named Jerry Barton, known as "King of the Minstrels", comes backstage and asks his sweetheart, Lettie Morgan , to elope. Lettie\'s Aunt Hortense, fearing that Barton is a fortune hunter, tells Lettie she is not the heiress she thought she was and that she has been living off her aunt\'s charity. With no fortune to hunt, Barton informs Lettie that an artist cannot be burdened with the responsibility of a wife. Outside the opera house, Lettie meets a chorus girl named Honey , who is preparing to leave with her theatrical troupe in a caravan heading West. When the troupe\'s producer mistakes Lettie for the star, she joins the group as "Mary Varden". The troupe\'s wagon train is escorted by Captain Tex Autry  of the U.S. Cavalry and his singing plainsmen. The troupe misses the wagon train, however, and must travel alone. On their way to San Francisco, the caravan is ambushed by a gang of thieves. Tex and his men arrive on the scene and following a gunfight, the gang is chased off. After Tex saves Lettie from a runaway wagon, he comments on the foolishness of risking his men\'s lives for a bunch of "crazy showgirls". Angered by his insolence, Lettie decides to walk rather than ride with Tex. Eventually she gets tired and asks Tex if she can ride with him. The troupe arrives safely at Fort Henry, which is run by Colonel Seward . An Indian named Young Deer warns Tex that Chief White Eagle is preparing to attack the army. When horses are stolen from the fort by a renegade named Buck LaCrosse , Tex saves the horses. Utah Joe , who is in league with Chief White Eagle, falsely accuses Tex of complicity with the Indians, and Tex is soon arrested for treason. Aunt Hortense arrives with Judge Forsythe Lane , who hopes to marry Lettie and use her money to run for president. Aunt Hortense encourages her to marry Lane. Lettie appeals to Lane on Tex\'s behalf, hinting that she will marry him if he will save Tex. As the wagon train prepares to leave, Lettie sadly says goodbye to Tex, and Lane promises to join Lettie after the trial. However, Lane double-crosses Lettie and helps to secure Tex\'s conviction. Following his conviction and death sentence, Tex escapes with the help of his friends. Suspicious that Utah Joe has promised to supply Chief White Eagle with ammunition, Tex orders his friend Frog  to join the wagon train to spy on Utah Joe. While the caravan camps, Frog tells Lettie that Lane encouraged Tex\'s conviction. Honey, who has fallen in love with Frog, tells Lettie that Lane was probably jealous of Lettie\'s feelings for Tex, but Lettie denies loving the soldier. When Utah Joe announces plans to take a new route through Kern Valley, Frog warns that the valley is filled with renegades and unfriendly Indians. Later that night Tex arrives and overhears Utah Joe direct Chief White Eagle to the wagons stocked with gunpowder. Tex pulls his gun on them, and a fight ensues, during which LaCrosse arrives on the scene. As Frog and Tex try to fight off the renegades, the soldiers ride up. Chief White Eagle is shot during the scuffle, but Utah Joe escapes. LaCrosse is arrested and, under the threat of a firing squad, confesses that Utah Joe instigated the horse stealing at the fort, while he let loose the clever black stallion who opened the corral gate. LaCrosse also warns the caravan that Utah Joe is leading them into an ambush. As the caravan prepares to leave, Utah Joe, now dressed as an Indian, sends a smoke signal, and the Indians approach. Frog is grazed by a bullet and inadvertently becomes attached to the underside of the runaway powder wagon. Tex manages to save him, and igniting the wagon, sends it into a throng of Indians. The Indians retreat once the plainsmen arrive, and as the wagon train departs, Tex and Lettie kiss, with Honey nursing Frog behind the embracing couple.'] ['Woody is a piano player at the Old Crow Bar where a beautiful Brazilian woman wearing a red dress and a big green sombrero sits atop his piano. Word of Buzz Buzzard coming to town looking to kill the sheriff spreads and every sheriff at the Bar gives Woody their badges. The woman still sitting on the piano then takes Woody in her arms and says, "Es mi hombre magnifico. You are my little sheriff. You will get the bad hombre, no?" Then she gives him a big kiss, convincing him to stop Buzz.'] ['Twin girls Jessica and Susie  live with their father, Steven ([[Patrick Cassidy  in the city. They have a dream about somebody saying "This town ain\'t big enough for the 3 of us" and having a shootout but argue who makes their move first. One day, they receive a letter from their godmother Natty  inviting them to a dude ranch. Natty, not knowing about their mother\'s death, wants their mother to come help her at the ranch. Natty is having financial problems because the ranch has too few paying visitors and, although she has offers, Natty does not want to sell the ranch. The girls try to ask their Dad\'s uptight boss, "The Dragonlady", for their dad\'s vacation time, only to get him fired. They lie and say that The Dragonlady said that they could go. The girls and their father go to the ranch and attempt to help Natty. As they arrive they meet a Native American called George Tailfeathers  and Natty\'s not-too-bright son Bart Gafooley . Jessica and Susie\'s deceased mother\'s horse, Lightning, leads them to their mother\'s secret hideout carved in a tree. They find half of a stone owl and a bear, plus their mom\'s diary which tells how Bart had once tried to set fire to the ranch plus Bart\'s secret hideout in a place called "The Bear\'s Mouth". As the girls finish reading, they see smoke and start running towards it, thinking it\'s another fire but they find out it\'s Bart burning papers. The girls lie to him that a piece of paper landed on the roof so they can find out what they are. They find out that Bart has been turning people away from the ranch. Trying to take a paper to Natty to show what Bart\'s doing, they are chased by Bart who falls in the pig sty and gets covered in mud. Bart tears up the paper and snarls, "This ranch ain\'t big enough for the 3 of us", which brings the girls to a conclusion that Bart was the one in the dream. Right before Bart can do any more, George backs them up with a riding lesson. At lunch, despite Bart\'s orders not to, the girls convince Natty to fix up the ranch and open it again. Later, Bart finds out that Steven is fired and is about to tell him the truth but gives the girls a chance to tell them themselves. Despite Natty\'s offers, Steven turns down her job offerings. Later, the girls find a hidden trapdoor under a stuffed bear  and go inside and find out that Bart is selling the ranch to make Gafooleyland Theme Park. Before Natty is about to sign the deed to the ranch to Bart, the girls convince her what Bart is up to. Heartbroken, she orders him off her land or else he\'d "get a good spanking". Meanwhile, Steven tries to get a loan but is turned down. What he doesn\'t know is that the bank is already with Bart on the whole deal. That night, the girls run off to Denver to convince Leo McRugger, the guy who Bart is selling the ranch to, to not go through with the deal. Their offers are so interesting, McRugger and his executives decide to come down for a week just to see if the place is actually what the girls are talking about. The ranch is fixed up with the help of George, Steven, Natty, the girls, and Laura Forrester  Steven\'s girlfriend. The activities are set up. However, every activity is sabotaged by Bart. Just when all is lost, the girls decide to find a lost treasure since they have a map. But first, they trap Bart so he can\'t do any more damage. The girls and everyone else find the gold, which turns out to be Fool\'s Gold, but still pleases McRugger and his executives. He agrees to spare the ranch. As they head to the river, they are confronted by Bart. Bart tries to escape in a canoe. The girls go after him only to be grabbed by him and taken down the river. Bart heads them down rapids and then realizes that they\'re headed for a dam. Down the river, the girls see a rope hanging off a bridge. They grab it and hang on: "Hasta La Vista, Bart". "HEY!!!!!" Bart yells and gets mad as he plunges down the dam, not dying but getting severely injured and forced to watch the people dance. Pretty soon, the girls write their own diary...'] ['A notorious gambler is thrown out of a small town named Spanish Boot, but he quickly returns when he discovers the town is threatened by the Mescalero Apaches led by Chief Victorio.'] ["Headed towards Hollywood, Rex  is a mentally ill drifter with a penchant for balls-to-the-wall gunplay. Trapped in a delusion that he is a modern 'Old West' gunslinger, Rex begins a murder spree that leaves police and law enforcement dead in his path. Meanwhile, hard-drinking cop John Shepard  is suddenly thrust into the spotlight by newsanchor Maggie Hewitt ([[Nancy Allen  after killing one of L.A.'s most notorious drug dealers in a skilled shoot out. When Rex learns of this heroic deed, he becomes fixated on both Hewitt, who he begins to stalk and terrorize, and Shepard, who he vows to shoot and kill. As a tense high noon battle looms on the horizon, John and Maggie scramble to outwit and outshoot this delusional maniac. http://www.acf-film.com/en/fiche.php?film=34209"] ['Eastwood appears as a Southern cowboy Keith Williams who is upset over having to join up with a group of Yankees who have been attacked by the same group of Indians. Most film guides include in their entry for this film a quote attributed to Eastwood, "probably the lousiest Western ever made."For example, The Overlook Film Encyclopedia: The Western, ed. by Phil Hardy, page 261 attributes the quotation to Eastwood, omitting the "probably."'] ['The McKaskel family, newly arrived in 1876 Wyoming, get help by frontiersman Con Vallian to defend themselves against outlaws.'] ['Ben Mockridge  is a young man proud of his $4 handgun and enamored of “cowboyin”. He asks Frank Culpepper  if he can join his cattle drive to Fort Lewis, Colorado. Culpepper  reluctantly agrees and sends Ben to the cook  to be his “little Mary”. Ben quickly discovers that the adults have little interest in young’ns, and no interest in “showing him the ropes”. Culpepper nevertheless assigns Ben tasks the greenhorn handles poorly — or simply fails at — repeatedly causing serious trouble. After rustlers stampede the herd, Culpepper tracks them to a box canyon. When the rustlers’ leader  demands 50 cents a head for having rounded up and taken care of the cattle, Culpepper will have none of it. He and his hands kill the rustlers, not hesitating to gun down disarmed men, or repeatedly shoot anyone still moving. They lose four of their own in the fight. Culpepper directs Ben to a cantina a day’s ride off, to find Russ Caldwell. Before he can reach the cantina, Ben is accosted by trappers who take his horse and gun. Once Ben finds Caldwell ([[Geoffrey Lewis , he and three of his buddies agree to join the drive. When they cross the trappers’ path, there’s no parlaying — they immediately kill the trappers and take their possessions. When Ben stands night watch, he\'s unprepared for a one-eyed man  trying to steal the horses. Instead of immediately shooting him, Ben lets the man distract him with his talk, and is overcome by another thief. Culpepper is outraged at Ben\'s stupidity. The horse theft “tears it”, and Culpepper decides to toss Ben on a stage, regardless of where it\'s headed. When Culpepper & Co. enter a town where they hope to buy horses and send off the greenhorn, they stop at a saloon, where Ben recognizes one of the patrons as the one-eyed horse thief. Another shoot-out ensues, with Ben "redeeming" himself by killing the bartender as the latter reaches for his shotgun. As before, Culpepper’s adversaries wind up dead, an unlikely survivor directing Culpepper to the horses. When Ben handles Caldwell’s gun without his permission, the touchy Caldwell goes into a snit, and knocks Ben to the ground. When one of the hands calls Caldwell an SOB for striking Ben, Caldwell demands a gun fight to reclaim his “honor". The hand decides it isn’t worth the trouble and leaves the drive. “You cost me a good man, boy.” When they reach an area with grass and water, Culpepper leaves the cattle to graze, looking for the landowner to pay him. The owner, Thornton Pierce , tells Culpepper he should have asked first, and demands $200 as down-payment simply for having trespassed. This time, Culpepper & Co. are outgunned, and forced to surrender their sidearms, which they view as a symbolic castration. Moving out the cattle, Culpepper & Co. encounter a group of religious “pilgrims”, led by Nathaniel Green ([[Anthony James , who invites them to stay and water their cattle. He says God has led his party here, and they intend to settle. Not surprisingly, Pierce and his thugs show up, claiming “this land is mine”, and gives everyone — Green and his people included — an hour to get off. Green is convinced Culpepper was sent by God to help. Culpepper responds that Green need only leave to be safe, which is what he intends to do, as it’s less than two weeks to Fort Lewis, and selling his cattle is all he cares about. Ben decides to stay, feeling he can help in some unspecified manner. As Culpepper & Co. ride off, their consciences  get the better of them, and they return to defend Green & party from Pierce. In the ensuing shootout, everyone in the Culpepper and Pierce parties — except Ben — is killed. Revealing his hypocrisy and ingratitude, Green tells Ben that they aren’t going to stay after all, as the ground has been stained with blood. "God never intended us to stay — he was only testin us." An angry Ben forces them to bury the bodies, then discards his gun and rides off, to parts unknown.'] ['The film has many flashbacks and sometimes the same event is shown twice from different perspectives. Melquiades Estrada , a Mexican immigrant working in Texas as a cowboy, shoots at a coyote which is menacing his small flock of goats. A nearby border patrolman, Norton , thinks he is being attacked and shoots back, killing Melquiades. Norton quickly buries Melquiades and does not report anything. Melquiades\' body is found and is reburied in a local cemetery by the sheriff\'s office. Evidence that he may have been killed by the U.S. Border Patrol is ignored by the local sheriff, Belmont , who would prefer to avoid trouble with the Border Patrol. Pete Perkins , a rancher and Melquiades\' best friend, finds out from a waitress, Rachel , that the killer was Norton. Perkins kidnaps Norton after tying up his wife  and forces him to dig up Melquiades\' body. Perkins had promised Melquiades that he would bury him in his home town of Jiménez in Mexico if he died in Texas. Perkins undertakes a journey on horseback into Mexico with the body tied to a mule and his captive Norton in tow. It is clear to Sheriff Belmont that Perkins has kidnapped Norton, and so police officers and the Border Patrol begin to search for them. Belmont sees them heading towards the Mexico border, but as he takes aim at Perkins, he can\'t bring himself to shoot and returns to town, leaving the pursuit to the border patrol. On their way across the harsh countryside, the pair experience a series of surreal encounters. They spend an afternoon with an elderly blind American man , who listens to Mexican radio for company. The man asks to be shot since there is no one left to take care of him. He does not want to commit suicide because, he argues, doing so would offend God. Perkins refuses as, if he killed the man, he would offend God. Norton attempts to escape and is bitten by a rattlesnake and eventually discovered by a group of illegal immigrants crossing into Texas. Perkins gives one of them a horse as barter payment for guiding them across the river to an herbal healer. She turns out to be a woman whose nose Norton had broken when he punched her in the face a few weeks previously during an arrest. At Perkins\'s request, she saves Norton\'s life before exacting her revenge by breaking Norton\'s nose with a coffee pot. The captivity, the tiring journey, and the rotting corpse slowly take a profound psychological toll on Norton. At one point the duo encounter a group of Mexican cowboys watching American soap operas on a television hooked up to their pickup truck. The program is the same episode that was airing when Norton had sex with his wife in their trailer earlier in the movie. Norton is visibly shaken and is given half a bottle of liquor by one of the cowboys. Norton\'s wife is shown as she decides to leave the border town to return to her home town of Cincinnati. She has grown distant from her husband and seems unconcerned about his kidnapping, stating that he is "beyond redemption." Perkins and Norton then arrive at a town that is supposed to be near Jiménez — the town Melquiades Estrada claimed was his home. No one in the town has heard of Jiménez. Perkins has some luck in locating a woman Melquiades indicated was his wife but, when Perkins confronts her, she states that she has never heard of Melquiades Estrada and lives in town with her husband and children. She does visibly react to Estrada\'s Polaroid photograph Perkins shows her of Melquiades standing behind her and her children, stating that she does "...not want to get in trouble with her husband." Perkins continues onward searching for Melquiades\' descriptions of a place "filled with beauty." Eventually they come upon a ruined house which Perkins feels was the one Jiménez Melquiades had mentioned. Perkins and Norton repair the walls, construct a new roof and bury Estrada for the third and final time. Perkins then demands that Norton beg forgiveness for the killing, but Norton responds with obstinacy. Perkins fires several shots from his pistol around Norton until he breaks down and relents, begging forgiveness from Melquiades. Perkins accepts his outpouring of grief and leaves Norton a horse, and in passing calls him "son." As Perkins rides away, Norton calls out and asks him if he will be okay, suggesting that Norton may have found the redemption his wife had felt he was incapable of having.'] ['U.S. Marshal John Travers , becomes sheriff of a town where several murders have occurred, hoping to flush out an outlaw chieftain known only as "The Shadow".'] ["The 1862 Pacific Railroad Act signed by President Lincoln authorizes pushing the Union Pacific Railroad westward across the wilderness toward California, but financial opportunist Asa Barrows hopes to profit from obstructing it. Chief troubleshooter Jeff Butler has his hands full fighting Barrows' agent, gambler Sid Campeau. Campeau's partner Dick Allen is Jeff's war buddy and rival suitor for engineer's daughter Molly Monahan. Who will survive the effort to push the railroad through at any cost?"] ['Huckleberry Bass , an American fur trapper, is making his way back home with a full cargo of hides when he encounters a group of Kiowa Indians led by Two Crows , who insist on taking his furs. As "payment" they offer him a slave, Joseph Lee , who they had previously taken from a group of Comanches. Reluctantly, realising he cannot fight them, Bass agrees to the trade. Bass is slightly bemused by his new companion, who is a well-educated and refined house slave, unused to the ways of the West. Bass orders him to help him recover the furs from the Kiowa. Lee only agrees to help if Bass agrees to take him to Mexico where slavery is outlawed. Bass is not amused, but the two strike up a friendly relationship, with Bass teaching Lee how to catch food in the West. As Lee and Bass come upon the Kiowa, they watch them being ambushed by a group of scalphunters, white Americans and Mexicans who were offered a bounty by the government for each Native scalp they brought in. These scalphunters, led by Jim Howie , kill the Kiowa and also steal the furs which Bass had hoped to recover. He and Lee are forced to track the party, hoping to take back the furs. Unfortunately, while spying on them, Lee tips over a cliff and is captured by the scalphunters, who decide they can sell him for $1500 in Galveston, Texas. As they travel southwards, Jim Howie\'s girlfriend, Kate , reveals to Lee that they are heading for Mexico. He begins to win her favor, by doing her hair and telling her fortune, hoping she will persuade Howie to take him with them across the border, rather than sell him. Bass meanwhile has been following closely on their trail, and at one point he pins them down with sniper fire, forcing them to let loose the packhorse carrying the furs. He is ambushed, however, and the scalphunters recover the furs and proceed on their way. Approaching their camp at night, Bass tries to persuade Lee to help him, but the slave is now set on going to Mexico and refuses him assistance. Bass kills several of the scalphunters, by intentionally starting a rock avalanche in the mountains near where they are situated. After again failing to secure the furs, Bass contaminates the water of a nearby creek with a toxin that causes the scalphunters\' horses to run and buck wildly as they drink the water. Now thoroughly fed up, and wanting to make it to Mexico in safety, they send Lee as a courier to Bass telling him he can keep the furs. A wary Bass comes down to collect the lone packhorse, and is ambushed by Howie who had always intended to break the deal. In an ensuing struggle Howie is shot dead by Lee. The bickering Bass and Lee then break into a long fight, in which neither can defeat the other. Meanwhile, a group of Kiowa attack and overrun the scalphunters. Two Crows, who had survived an earlier massacre, has fetched reinforcements. He takes back the furs, per their earlier deal. The story ends with Bass and Lee, now friends, preparing to follow the Kiowa to take back the furs.'] [" {{tone}} The Jones family, about to prove claim to prime Montana land, is raided by renegade Indians in league with villainous neighbor McCord, who gets most of the stolen cattle. Two survivors are helped by college-educated chief's son Colorados. Now Sierra Nevada Jones must fight for her land against legal technicalities and assorted villains. Can she gain the help of McCord's hired gun, Farrell?"] ['A murderer named Cain  is released from prison after 18 years and wants to settle down as a rancher without ever having to touch a gun again. But no one will give him a job and people are after him for his earlier crimes. He finally takes an offer from a showman named Ruffalo  to perform as "Killer Cain" in his traveling shooting show. However, after 18 years without practice, Cain is not as good as he once was with a gun. Cain tries to find redemption and peace when he falls in love with Monica Alton , an artist from the east who came out west to paint. Yet Cain\'s reputation continues to dog him as past enemies  try to settle old scores and a young gunslinger  looking to make his reputation by killing Cain.'] [' Calamity Jane  rides into Deadwood, South Dakota on the stagecoach. The local saloon bar, the Golden Garter, sends for beautiful women to appear on the stage and entertain the residents of a town with few females. Unfortunately, the men are anything but pleased when the latest "woman" turns out to be a man named Francis Fryer ([[Dick Wesson , who does a stage act in drag  and goes under the name Frances Fryer. The saloon owner was misled by the girlish-sounding name when reading an advertisement in the newspaper. The men begin to storm out. Calamity, thinking quick in all the panic, vows to get them the one woman they are all drooling over: singer Adelaid Adams , who is in Chicago. The Golden Garter receives a letter from Adams that she wouldn\'t be seen dead in that town but Calamity is still determined to bring her. Wild Bill Hickok  laughs at the idea and tells Calamity that the night Adams steps on the stage, he will come to the opening dressed as a Sioux squaw lugging a papoose. Calamity travels to Chicago, where Adams is giving a farewell performance {she was on her way to Europe directly after the performance} Adelaid, sick of the \'primitive\' Chicago, gives her costumes to her maid, Katie Brown , who dreams of becoming a stage singer. She tries on one of the dresses and starts to sing. When Calamity walks in, she mistakes Katie for Adelaid. Katie takes advantage of the error and poses as Adelaid Adams to make her dream come true. The ride back to Deadwood is rocky, as they are chased by Indians. Later, when Katie gives her first performance, Calamity says she didn\'t sound that way in Chicago. When Calamity tells Katie to sing out, she bursts into tears and admits that she is not Adelaid Adams. The Golden Garter falls silent. Everyone present is on the verge of rioting, but Calamity fires a shot into the air and defends Katie. They allow Katie to carry on, and her performance wins them over. On the balcony above, Bill Hickok, dressed as an Indian woman, ropes Calamity and hangs her high and dry. Calamity and Katie become good friends, and Katie moves into Calamity\'s cabin with her. At first the cabin is shabby and in disrepair but Katie suggests they fix it up with the help of a "Woman\'s Touch". In order to attract Lieutenant Danny Gilmartin , the man she\'s madly in love with, Calamity dresses, looks and acts more like a lady. One day, Danny and Wild Bill Hickok  pay a visit to Calamity\'s cabin. Katie manages to lure Bill out of the cabin for a few minutes; while alone with Danny, she tells him straight out that Calamity loves him and that she, Katie is trying to stay away from him in return for her appreciation of Calamity\'s friendliness. However, Danny tells Katie he is not interested in Calamity. Later, Katie tells the two men that Calamity has changed and had a makeover proving she will be accepted at a local ball the following weekend. They draw straws and Danny wins, meaning he\'ll go with Katie. Now looking more like a lady, Calamity pretends to be fine with the arrangement but is stung when Danny gives her a soft kiss on the forehead. On the way to the ball, all the attendants riding in their wagons sing about the beauty of the Black Hills of South Dakota. Calamity becomes increasingly jealous while watching Katie and Danny dance together. They adjourn to the garden where, as Danny holds her and moves in for a kiss, Katie can no longer resist him. Betrayed, Calamity fires a gunshot near Katie\'s location in the ballroom and everybody looks at her in horror. Back at the cabin, Calamity throws out Katie\'s things and threatens to shoot her if she ever sees her again, but the scene ends with Calamity in floods of tears. Calamity later confronts Katie while she is performing, and warns her to get out of town. But Katie is not intimidated. She borrows a gun from one of the cowboys, and tells Calamity to hold up her glass. Taunting her about being too afraid, she boldly holds it up. A gunshot finally rings out, and the glass falls from Calamity\'s hand, but it wasn\'t Katie who fired; it was Bill, who lets Katie take all the credit. Humiliated, Calamity storms out. But before she can mount her horse, Bill grabs her, throws her onto his horse-drawn cart and rides off. In the woods, Bill tries to talk some sense into Calamity, and reveals that he shot the glass out of her hand to teach her a lesson and that scaring Katie out of town would not stop Danny from loving her. Calamity is heartbroken, and reveals she was crazy about Danny , while Bill admits that he was in love with Katie. Calamity tells Bill there won\'t be another man like Danny, not for her, however she and Bill end up in a passionate embrace and kiss, and she realizes it was he she loved all along. And when Bill asks her what happened to that lieutenant she was telling him about, she answers "I\'ve never heard of him." The sun rises on a new day where a much happier Calamity sings "Secret Love" before she rides into town, but when she talks to the people, they just ignore her. She finds that Katie decided alone to leave for Chicago, feeling guilty about betraying her best friend. Danny is furious with Calamity for driving Katie out of town and demands she listen to him read a note Katie left. Calamity leaps back onto her horse and chases after the stagecoach, eventually catching up with it. She tells Katie she isn\'t in love with Danny and is marrying Bill, and the two women become friends again. A double wedding follows. When Bill finds Calamity\'s gun under her wedding dress, she jokes it\'s just in case any more actresses roll in from Chicago. The movie ends with the two happy couples riding out of town on the stage.For music, lyrics and libretto of subsequent stage play and musical adapted after the Warner Bros Film, also see: Vocal score- "Calamity Jane " Amateur Operatic Version Warner Chappell Music Ltd copyright 2006 by Faber Music Ltd . Libretto- "Calamity Jane A Musical Western" adapted by Ronald Hanmer & Phil Park from the stage play by Charles K. Freeman after the Warner Bros Film written by James O\'Hanlon. Licensed to Josef Weinberger Ltd, London by arrangement with Tams-Witmark Music Library NYC.'] ['Former Confederate soldier and highwayman-turned-marshal Jake Wade breaks his former partner, Clint Hollister, out of jail in the small western town of Morganville. The men have not seen each other for over a year, since the bank robbery and murder that resulted in Jake\'s arrest. At that time, Clint rescued Jake and the men separated with an agreement to reunite later. Instead, Jake buried the $20,000 from the robbery in the desert and decided to go straight. Believing that he has now repaid Clint by freeing him from jail, Jake refuses to tell Clint where the money is buried and advises him to leave the territory. Disgruntled and disturbed by what he considers Jake\'s betrayal, Clint vows vengeance. Carefully covering his trail, Jake returns to Cold Stream, where he serves as marshal. That evening, Jake dines at the home of his fiancée Peggy, and asks if she would consider relocating after their upcoming marriage. Startled, Peggy asks for an explanation, but when Jake hesitates, then flatly refuses to explain, Peggy angrily sends him home. Returning to his office, Jake is confronted and knocked out by a stranger, Rennie. Upon reviving, Jake discovers Clint and the rest of his old gang and army comrades, Ortero, Wexler, Burke and newcomer, the hot-headed Rennie. When Jake expresses amazement that Clint was able to track him, Clint reveals that he set loose the horse Jake had brought for him and followed it to Cold Stream. Clint then demands that Jake take him to the buried money and when he refuses, Clint has Burke and Rennie bring in Peggy, whom they have abducted. Clint then announces that to assure Jake\'s compliance, Peggy will accompany them to the money. The next morning, on their way into the desert, Clint forces Jake to ride with his hands tied behind him, as Clint did when he was arrested. When the men set up camp that night, Clint tells Peggy about Jake\'s disloyalty. In a private moment later, Jake apologizes to Peggy for causing the dilemma and warns her that they may have only one opportunity to escape. The next day, after the bound Jake falls off his horse repeatedly, the men protest and Clint reluctantly agrees to untie Jake\'s hands. Jake immediately snatches Wexler\'s pistol and grabbing Peggy, tumbles down a sand dune into a canyon with her. Although the couple take the long way out of the canyon, Clint guesses Jake\'s plan and recaptures them. That night, Clint goads Jake into telling Peggy about their past. Jake explains that they were part of a Southern guerrilla outfit during the war, conducting looting raids that Clint insisted they continue after the war. Jake admits that during a bank robbery, a teenage boy was caught in the crossfire, prompting him to go straight. Clint scoffs, then demands to know when they will reach the buried money, and Jake promises they will be there the next day. The following afternoon the group meet a cavalry patrol and the commanding officer advises them to turn back because of the danger of Comanche attacks. Using Jake\'s identity as a marshal, Clint invents a story for being in the area and the lieutenant reluctantly allows them to proceed. The men are uneasy about riding into Indian territory and when Rennie shoots at coyotes, Wexler is outraged, certain that the shots will surely attract the Comanche. The group then arrives at a ghost town, where Jake reveals he has hidden the money. Jake spots three Indian scouts, telling Clint of one. After killing the 1st, Jake informs Clint of 2 other scouts. Enraged, Clint declares he must go after the others to prevent them reporting their location, telling Rennie he could have Peggy if he doesn\'t make it back. The remaining gang along with Jake and Peggy take shelter in the deserted saloon, tying Jake to a chair. While the men take turns keeping guard, Jake pleads with Ortero to save Peggy and return her to Cold Stream. As night falls, several calls are heard outside and Jake tells the men they are surrounded by Indians who will attack soon. When the others dart outside, Ortero tells Jake that he was not responsible for the teenager\'s death at the bank, but Clint allowed him to believe it in hopes of binding Jake to him. As the Indian calls intensify, Rennie anxiously tells the men they should flee as it is apparent Clint has abandoned them. The men return to the saloon and are bickering about escaping, when Clint abruptly returns. As Burke hysterically announces that they must go, he is killed by an Indian lance. The building is quickly surrounded by Indians and a vicious fight breaks out. Clint runs outside to fight and soon after, Wexler and Rennie are killed by Indian arrows. When an Indian breaks in, Jake distracts him and Peggy kills him with a lance. Peggy then cuts Jake\'s ropes, and as Clint and Ortero fight off the last of the Indians, they attempt to escape, but are caught by Clint. After Ortero buries the others, Clint asks Jake to take him to the money, and Jake reveals it is in a saddlebag, buried three feet deep in the cemetery. Jake digs up the saddlebag, then surprises Clint by pulling out a pistol from it. Although Clint suspects the gun will not function after spending a year underground, he eventually surrenders his gun as does Ortero. Jake then asks Ortero to take Peggy away and he agrees, they two ride out of town despite her protests. After Ortero and Peggy depart, Jake gives Clint an opportunity to settle the score by tossing his gun several yards away. Frustrated, Clint dashes for the gun, while Jake hides among the dilapidated buildings, forcing Clint to search for him. After a tense game of "cat-and-mouse," Jake and Clint confront each other in the street and Jake kills Clint. Hearing the gunshots, Peggy and Ortero return for Jake.'] ['{{Expand section}} A man finds his father murdered and sets out west to find information on what happened.'] ["Cattle rancher Rance McGowan intends to capture a herd of wild horses but they are protected US government. He trains and disguises his own horse, Volcano, to lead them in stampedes across other ranches which will lead to the government removing its protection. In the process, however, the local Sheriff is killed by Volcano and the Sheriff's friends, The Three Mesquiteers, become involved. Meanwhile, Stony Brooke wants to marry saloon singer Rita but the other Mesquiteers do not trust her. {{Expand section}}"] ['Bent on revenge for the death of his father and the theft of their ranch, young Bill Walton rides into town seeking the aid of his uncle. As he rides into town, he takes a bullet meant for gambler Matt Daggett and across the street lies his uncle, victim of the gambler\'s gun. Dagget looks on Bill as \'good luck\' and nurses him back to health and gives him the job of training "Blue Chip", the fastest quarter horse in the west, for a big race. Bill doesn\'t know that Dagget plans to fix the race and put his own money on another horse at heavy odds. Quartered at the nearby ranch of John Grant, Bill meets Jerri Marshall, daughter of Bob Marshall, who lost "Blue Chip" to Daggett in a crooked gambling deal. Grant gets mixed up in a stage coach robbery and killing and rides back to the ranch with Daggett henchman Red Roper. When Roper tries to molest a woman, Bill bluffs him with an empty gun and forces him back to town. Roper is arrested for the killing and implicates Grant. Incited by Daggett, who fears exposure as the outlaw leader, a paid mob breaks into the jail and both Grant and Roper are hanged, but Grant, barely able to touch a plank with the toe of his boot, clings to life until Bill finds him and cuts him down. On the day of the race, Daggett lures Bill away from "Blue Chip" long enough for a wire to be twisted around the horse\'s leg at the fetlock. "Blue Chip" goes lane partly through the race but races on in agony and wins. Daggett tries to hide his treachery by blaming the lameness on a broken leg and draws his gun to shoot the horse. Marshall intervenes and is shot by the gambler. Bill discovers the wire and now also knows that Daggett is the outlaw leader responsible for his father\'s death and the hanging of his friend Grant. Bill heads for the saloon to confront Daggett. Just as the gambler turns to fire on Bill, Grant appears. When the smoke clears both Daggett and Grant are dead.'] ['Insurance investigator Ted Sanders is assigned to look into a robbery/murder. When he arrives at the crime scene he is met by a local deputy. What he doesn\'t know, however, is that the "deputy" is actually part of the gang that committed the crime. He plants some of the stolen money in Sanders\' room to frame him for the crime, then arrests him.'] ['This classic western film takes place in 1863 and stars the sheriff Upton , who tries to keep the law in a small town in Utah. His main problem is his friend Cheyenne , who for a time was a criminal but has long since been reformed. When the bank is robbed, Cheyenne becomes, in the eyes of the community, the prime suspect. Only his friend seems to be convinced of his innocence.'] ["Kramer  works the gold fields by buying up miners' claims and then having his henchmen murder them, taking both the money and the gold. When cowboy-turned-prospector Jack Tarrant's  partner Jeff Sellers becomes the next victim to Kramer's scam, Tarrant decides to put an end to Kramer's gang once and for all."] ["Cal Wayne accidentally kills a fellow Confederate soldier during the Civil War. He returns to his hometown of Abilene, Texas after the war and ends up replacing the corrupt Joe Slade as the town's sheriff. A feud is ongoing between local cattlemen and farmers. Cattle baron Grant Evers takes it upon himself to exact harsh justice against rustlers, with or without proof. A grudge exists Evers and the new sheriff because Cal's fiancee, Amy Martin, believing he was dead, is now engaged to marry Evers. Evers learns that it was his own brother who was shot by Cal during the war. But he is killed by Slade in a quarrel, whereupon Slade is shot dead by Cal."] ['Distraught but skillful bounty hunter Lewis Gates  pursues three armed escaped convicts into Montana\'s Oxbow Quadrangle, followed by his faithful companion called Zip, an Australian cattle dog. All Gates finds is a few scraps of cloth, some blood, and an old-fashioned Indian arrow. He takes the arrow to anthropologist Lillian Sloane  who identifies it as a replica of the arrows used by Cheyenne Dog Soldiers. Gates doesn\'t think it\'s a replica and, after some library research, develops a long list of people who have disappeared into the Oxbow and a story of a "wild child" captured in the woods in the early 20th century. Now he\'s convinced that the fugitives were killed by a tribe of Dog Soldiers, a hardy band of native Americans who had somehow escaped the 1864 Sand Creek massacre and survived for 128 years secluded in the Montana Wilderness. Gates convinces Sloane to join him in a search for the band. Just as they are preparing to return empty handed, the Dogmen surprise them, take them prisoner, and lead them back to the band\'s encampment, where they must convince the reclusive band\'s elders that they intend no harm. An immediate "salvation of one vs. salvation of many" crisis situation gives them the opportunity to prove their honorable intentions but also threatens to attract the attention of the outside world. Gates and Sloane soon realize they must protect the secret of the band\'s existence from the outside world, beginning with the local Sheriff Deegan  who is now leading a posse into the Oxbow in search of both the fugitive convicts and Gates.'] ["A cowboy named Kentucky Ken  and his sidekick, Cactus , meet a beautiful woman named Lila Miller  when her car accidentally goes off the road. Lila's father, Charlie Miller , owns the dude ranch where Ken and Cactus intend to enter their prize horse Tarzan in a gruelling canyon race. Two other men, Chandler and Tracy, have also arrived for the race. They are also plotting to blackmail Charlie, who has a secret criminal past, for half of his gold mine and ranch operation earnings. Chandler also hopes that his blackmail scheme will force Charlie into granting him permission to marry Lila, who is showing a definite interest in Ken. Charlie refuses to be bullied, however, and claims he was innocent of the crime. Before the race, Chandler and Tracy trick the gambling-prone Cactus into a wager in which Tarzan will be the prize if Ken loses the race. To assure their victory, Tracy sets up a trip-wire on the course, which injurs Tarzan and allows Tracy to win the race. After he discovers the broken wire and suspects foul play, Ken refuses to give up his horse to Chandler. Shamed by his foolish behavior, Cactus vows to identify the saboteur, whose bootprints he discovers in the ground near the wire. Meanwhile, Tracy double-crosses Chandler by robbing the ranch stagecoach carrying a shipment of Charlie's gold. During the robbery, the driver is killed. Ken, who is trying to catch the bandits, is jailed for the crime after Tracy implicates him to the sheriff. With the help of Cactus and Tarzan, Ken escapes from jail and arrives at the ranch just as Chandler shoots Tracy. Again, Ken is suspected of the killing. After Cactus arrives with proof that Tracy's boots match the prints found on the race course, Ken tricks Chandler into a confession by claiming he possesses a damning note left by Tracy. The sheriff reveals to Chandler that Charlie came to him about the blackmail attempt and that, unknown to Chandler, whose real name is Monte Korber, Charlie had been pardoned of the earlier crime years before. With his reputation at last clear, Ken is free to court Lila, who has always loved him."] ['Broke and in debt, an otherwise honest cowboy known as Jim Kane  gets mixed up in some shady dealings with Stretch Russell  and Bill Garrett , a crooked rancher. Russell tells Kane to escort 200 head of cattle from Mexico to the United States for a good sum of money. Kane agrees and brings along his friend Leonard  to aid him. Unfortunately, the two come upon many unexpected events that often deter them from completing their job.'] ['In 1881 in Old Fort Sumner, New Mexico, William H. Bonney, known as Billy the Kid , is passing the time with friends shooting chickens for fun. An old friend of Billy\'s, Pat Garrett , rides into town with Deputy Sheriff J.W. Bell ([[Matt Clark  and joins the diversion. Later, over drinks, Garrett informs Billy that the electorate want him out of the country, and that in five days, when he becomes Sheriff of Lincoln County, he\'ll make him leave. Six days later, Garrett and his deputies surround the small farmhouse where Billy and his gang are holed up. In the ensuing gun battle, Charlie Bowdre  and several other men on both sides are killed, and Billy is taken prisoner. As Billy awaits his execution in the Lincoln County Jail for the killing of Buckshot Roberts, he is taunted and beaten by self-righteous Deputy Sheriff Bob Ollinger  while the hangman\'s gallows are being built nearby. After J.W. Bell intervenes, Ollinger leaves to get a drink. Billy finds a gun hidden for him in the outhouse and gets the drop on Bell, shooting him in the back. He quickly retrieves Ollinger\'s shotgun loaded with "sixteen thin dimes" and shoots Ollinger dead in the street, saying, "Keep the change, Bob." After Garrett recruits a new deputy sheriff named Alamosa Bill Kermit , he rides to Santa Fe to meet with Gov. Lew Wallace  who introduces him to several powerful men from the Santa Fe Ring. They offer him a thousand dollars for the capture of Billy the Kid, but Garrett rejects their money, saying he will bring him in anyway. Meanwhile, Bill returns to his gang at Old Fort Sumner where he decides to lay back for a few days. Soon after his arrival, Billy is confronted by three strangers looking to kill him; all three are killed in the subsequent shootout, helped by another stranger named Alias  who kills one of the men with a knife through the neck. Alias had witnessed Billy\'s escape from the Lincoln County Jail. Meanwhile, Garrett meets up with Sheriff Colin Baker  hoping he can provide information on Billy\'s whereabouts. Garrett, Baker, and his wife  go to arrest some of Billy\'s old gang, and in the gunfight that follows, the gang members are killed and Baker is mortally wounded. Garrett looks on as Baker\'s wife comforts the dying lawman as he waits to die by a river. Later that evening, Garrett watches a barge floating down a river with a man shooting bottles in the water. Garrett shoots at one bottle and the two face each other briefly from a distance before lowering their rifles. Soon after, Garrett is joined by John W. Poe ([[John Beck  who works for the Santa Fe Ring. The two ride southwest to meet John Chisum, a wealthy cattle baron in the region, who informs them that Billy has been rustling his cattle again and killed some of his men. Billy once worked for Chisum. Anticipating Garrett\'s arrival in Old Fort Sumner, Billy\'s friend Paco  and his family leave for Old Mexico, soon followed by Billy. Along the way, he stops at the Horrell Trading Post, which is owned by an old friend. By chance, Horrell is hosting Garrett\'s new deputy, Alamosa Bill. After they finish eating, Billy and Alamosa step outside and take the ten paces, and Billy shoots Alamosa dead. The deputy\'s last words are, "At least I\'ll be remembered." As Billy continues south toward Old Mexico, he comes across some of Chisum\'s men murdering his friend Paco and raping his wife. Billy shoots them dead, and after Paco dies in his arms, Billy heads back to Old Fort Sumner. Garrett meets up with three members of Billy\'s gang at a saloon owned by Lemuel Jones . After killing Holly ([[Richard Bright , he tells Alias to give Billy a message that they had "a little drink together." Sometime later, at a brothel in Roswell, Garrett learns that Billy is back in Old Fort Sumner. Garrett enlists the help of Roswell Sheriff Kip McKinney  and together with John W. Poe, the three men ride north. Garrett, McKinney, and Poe arrive outside Old Fort Sumner and wait until dark before moving in. Billy and Maria  bed down in Pete Maxwell\'s extra bunk. While McKinney and Poe wait nearby, Garrett approaches the house, and hearing them make love, he waits outside on the porch. Later when Billy steps outside to get something to eat, Garrett enters Maxwell\'s house from a side door and waits in the darkness for his prey. After spotting the strangers outside the house, Billy goes back inside, sees Garrett and smiles. Garrett raises his gun and fires a bullet at Billy hitting him above the heart killing him, and then shoots his own image in a mirror. Garrett spends the night watching over the body of his old friend. The next morning, the townspeople of Old Fort Sumner gather to see the lifeless body of William H. Bonney. Sheriff Pat Garrett mounts his horse and rides out of town, with a small boy throwing stones at him. Twenty-eight years later in 1909 near Las Cruces, New Mexico, Garrett is riding with some associates when he is ambushed and killed by men working for the Santa Fe Ring, a group of powerful attorneys and land speculators.This framing device was not included in the theatrical version of the film.'] ['While traveling to Nome, Alaska, Roy Glenister  meets beautiful Helen Chester , who soon becomes his sweetheart. Glenister is one of several owners of a lucrative mine called The Midas. When he arrives in Nome, he discovers that his partners, Slapjack Simms  and Joe Dextry , are in the middle of a legal dispute with three corrupt officials: United States Marshal Voorhees , Judge Stillman , and a politician named Alec McNamara . They have been engaged in a racket claiming titles to various mines, ejecting the miners, and then making McNamara owner of the disputed properties. The three corrupt officials lay claim to The Midas. McNamara also steals money from Glenister, Dextry, and Slapjack, preventing them from enlisting legal help from the United States. When Dextry and Glenister plan a vigilante action, McNamara calls in a detail of soldiers to protect "his property". As Glenister and McNamara prepare for a gunfight, they are dissuaded by Helen, who suggests that the courts handle the dispute. Later, after jealous saloon owner Cherry Malotte  lies to Glennister telling him that Helen and McNamara are conspiring to cheat him again, Glennister and McNamara settle their differences with a spectacular fistfight, with McNamara getting the worst. Afterwards, Glenister wins the hand of Helen.'] ["A young medical student, Bill Carver  has been sent to prison for a crime he didn't commit. He ecapes and hides out in a small town in Arizona, where he finds a new life and falls for a local girl. His new life is turned upside-down one day when gangster Joe Mallon  and four of his men show up in town--Mallon was the man responsible for Bill being sent to prison in the first place and now he's on the lam. He forces Bill to take him and his gang through the desert to escape the law."] ["Following the death of her mother, Tess Silverman travels to Drover's Run, the farm where she spent the first few years of her life. Drover's is a rural cattle property in South Australia, to reconnect with her only remaining family, her father Jack and her sister Claire, whom she has not seen in 20 years, since her mother left Jack and moved to the city, and taking Tess with her. Tess arrives in a complex situation and finds herself meeting an adoring father but a hostile sister whom she no longer knows and who resents her sudden arrival and even quicker ability to win over Jack, something she herself has never been able to accomplish. Tess is content with making her visit a short one and continue on to Venice to move on with her life but the sudden death of their father forces Tess and Claire to overcome their differences and the many obstacles before them to realise their father's dream of running Drover's Run together.{{cite web}}"] ['Ben Stride  walks into a desert cave encampment during a nighttime rainstorm. He encounters two men taking shelter next to a fire and asks to join them. Stride tells the men he\'s from the town of Silver Springs, which provokes a mysterious reaction from the two men. They discuss a robbery and murder that recently occurred there. The men become suspicious of Stride, and when they realize his intentions, he guns them down. The following day Stride tracks someone through the Arizona wilderness and comes upon a wagon stuck in the mud. Stride uses the two horses he confiscated from the men at the encampment to help pull the wagon clear, and the wagon\'s owners, John and Annie Greer, are grateful. Travelers from Kansas City, they admit they are inexperienced at frontier life and ask Stride to ride with them as they head south to the border town of Flora Vista on their way west to California. Greer says he hopes to find a sales job there, but has been taking odd jobs along the way. The mention of Flora Vista arouses Stride\'s curiosity and he agrees to take them to the border. As the trio travels, Annie shows a growing attraction to Stride. At one point they are stopped by a US Army detail, whose commanding officer  tells them to go back, as Chiricahua Apache have been spotted in the area and he cannot guarantee their safety. Stride and the Greers travel on, finding a stagecoach relay station and encountering Bill Masters  and Clete , two former nemeses of Stride\'s. As they all spend the night at the station, Masters tells the Greers that Stride was once the sheriff of Silver Springs, and his wife was killed during the robbery of the Wells Fargo freight office. Stride has been tracking and killing the seven men who performed the robbery, and Masters intends to abscond with the $20,000 dollars in gold they stole once Stride has accomplished his task. Annie feels sympathy for Stride, who confesses that he feels guilty about his wife\'s death because at the time he was no longer sheriff and didn\'t have another job, so she took one at the freight office and was working the night of the incident. Before the wagon heads out of the station, with Masters and Clete tagging along opportunistically, they are met by Chiricahua warriors. The Apache leave when Stride gives up one of the horses to the hungry tribesmen. The group encounters one of the Wells Fargo robbers, who is being chased by Indians. Unaware of the man\'s part in the robbery, Stride saves him from the Apache. The man, however, recognizes Stride and nearly kills him, but Stride is saved when Masters shoots the man in the back. One night, Masters "reminisces" about a woman stolen away from her husband by a tall stranger, clearly suggesting that Stride is doing just that with Annie Greer. Furious at Masters\'s impropriety, Stride sends Masters and Clete away into the night. Masters and Clete reach Flora Vista ahead of the wagon, and there meet with the Wells Fargo bandits waiting for delivery of their gold. Masters tells their leader, Payte Bodeen , that Stride is heading in their direction to kill all of them and avenge his wife\'s death. Bodeen dispatches two of the bandits to meet Stride before he can reach Flora Vista. Meanwhile, Stride leaves Greer and Annie, telling them to continue on without him. Stride rides ahead into a canyon alone and is ambushed by the two bank robbers but kills them both. Wounded in the leg, Stride is knocked unconscious while trying to ride away with one of the bandits\' horses. Bodeen tells Masters that Greer is the man he paid to deliver the gold from the robbery to Flora Vista, and Masters berates himself for letting this escape him. Meantime, Greer and Annie come upon the unconscious Stride and nurse his wounds. Greer admits to his wife and Stride that he was paid $500 to deliver the Wells Fargo box containing the gold hidden in the wagon. Stride takes the gold away from Greer to draw the rest of the bandits out from town, and Greer and Annie head into Flora Vista to notify the local sheriff. Greer arrives in town without the gold, telling Bodeen that Stride has it, and as he walks down the street toward the sheriff\'s office, Bodeen guns him down. The last two bandits, Bodeen and Clint, ride out to confront Stride, but are killed by Masters and Clete instead. Masters then kills Clete and walks out into the clearing where Stride has placed the box of gold. They face off, and Stride kills Masters before he can pull his guns. Stride returns the gold to Wells Fargo and tells Annie that he is going to take a job as a deputy sheriff in Silver Springs. He puts her on a stagecoach bound for California, then rides away. Annie, however, tells the stage driver she isn\'t going.'] ['Masked mystery villain, The Voice, is out to sabotage the Milesburg Oil Company. "Happy" Cardigan needs to successfully drill for oil before his contract with the Milesburg Oil Company expires or go broke. Jimmie Williams\' father, Jed , has been framed for murder. Secretary Caroline Hall appears to have an ulterior motive. The mysterious "Vanishing Legion" is also on the scene. Jimmie and Cardigan team up, along with Jimmie\'s horse Rex, to defeat The Voice and solve the mysteries surrounding Mileburg.'] ['Elderly U.S. Senator Ransom "Rance" Stoddard  and his wife Hallie arrive by train in the small western town of Shinbone, to attend the funeral of an apparent nobody, a local rancher named Tom Doniphon . As they pay their respects to the dead man at the undertaker\'s establishment, the senator is interrupted with a request for a newspaper interview. Stoddard grants the request and Hallie goes off with a friend to visit a burned-down house with obvious significance to her. As the interview with the local reporter begins, the film flashes back several decades into the past as Stoddard reflects on his first arrival at Shinbone by stagecoach to establish a law practice. A gang of outlaws, led by gunfighter Liberty Valance , hold up the stagecoach. Stoddard is brutally beaten, left for dead and later rescued by Doniphon . Stoddard is nursed back to health by restaurant owner Peter Ericson , his wife Nora  and daughter, Hallie . It later emerges that Hallie is Doniphon\'s love interest. Shinbone\'s townsfolk are regularly menaced by Valance and his gang. Local marshal Link Appleyard  is ill prepared and unwilling to enforce the law. Doniphon is the only local courageous enough to challenge Valance\'s lawless behavior. On one occasion, Doniphon even intervenes on Stoddard\'s behalf, when Valance publicly humiliates the inept Easterner. Stoddard is an advocate for justice under the law, not man. He earns the respect and affection of Hallie when he offers to teach her to read after he discovers, to her embarrassment, she\'s had no formal education. Stoddard\'s influence on Hallie and the town is further evidenced when he begins a school for the townspeople with Hallie\'s help. In Shinbone, the local newspaper editor-publisher Dutton Peabody  writes a story about local ranch owners\' opposition to the territory\'s potential statehood. Valance convinces the ranchers that if they\'ll hire him, he can get elected as a delegate to represent the cattlemen\'s interest. Shinbone\'s residents meet to elect two delegates to send to the statehood convention at the territorial capital. Valance attempts to bully the townspeople into electing him as a delegate. Eventually, Stoddard and Peabody are chosen. Valance assaults and badly beats Peabody after an unflattering newspaper article is published. Sensing that Valance is out of control, Stoddard accepts a challenge to a gun duel despite his complete lack of skills. Stoddard miraculously kills Valance with one shot, to the surprise of everyone, including himself. Hallie responds with tearful affection. Doniphon congratulates Stoddard on his success, but sees how Hallie lovingly cares for Stoddard\'s wounds. Sensing that he has lost Hallie\'s affections, Doniphon gets drunk in the saloon and drives out Valance\'s men, who have been calling for Stoddard to be lynched. The barman tries to tell Doniphon\'s farmhand Pompey  that, as a black man, he cannot be served, to which Doniphon angrily shouts: "Who says he can\'t? Pour yourself a drink, Pompey". Pompey instead drags Doniphon home, where the latter sets fire to an uncompleted bedroom he was adding to his house in anticipation of marrying Hallie. The resulting fire destroys the entire house. Stoddard is hailed as "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance" and based on this achievement, is nominated as the local representative to the statehood convention. Stoddard is reluctant to serve based upon his notoriety for killing a man in a gunfight. At this point, in a flashback within the original flashback, Doniphon tells Stoddard that it was he , hidden across the street, who shot and killed Valance in cold blood, and not Stoddard in self-defense. When asked, Doniphon replies he did it for Hallie, realizing that she wanted Stoddard to live and that "she\'s your girl now". Pushing Stoddard to go back and accept the nomination, Doniphon says, "You taught her to read and write, now give her something to read and write about!" Stoddard returns to the convention and is chosen as representative. He marries Hallie and eventually becomes the governor of the new state. He then becomes a two term U.S. senator, then the American ambassador to Great Britain, a U.S. senator again, and at the time of Doniphon\'s funeral is the favorite for his party\'s nomination as vice president. The film returns to the present day and the interview ends. The newspaper man, understanding now the truth about the killing of Valance, burns his notes stating: "This is the West, sir. When the legend becomes fact, print the legend". Stoddard and Hallie board the train for Washington, melancholy about the lie that led to their prosperous life. With the area becoming more and more civilized, Stoddard decides, to Hallie\'s delight, to retire from politics and return to the territory to set up a law practice. When Stoddard thanks the train conductor for the train ride and the many courtesies extended to him by the railroad, the conductor says, "Nothing\'s too good for the man who shot Liberty Valance!" Upon hearing the comment, Stoddard stares off thoughtfully into the distance.'] ["Emmett  is ambushed by three men while he sleeps in a deserted shack. In a brief gunfight, he kills all of the assailants. As he travels to Silverado, Emmett finds a man, Paden , lying in the desert, having been robbed and left to die. Emmett and Paden ride to the town of Turley to meet Emmett's brother, Jake , who is locked up and awaiting hanging for killing a man in self-defense. Paden is later jailed when he encounters and kills one of the men who robbed him. Emmett aids Jake and Paden in a breakout with the help of Mal , a black cowboy who was run out of town by sheriff John Langston . After helping a wagon train of settlers recover their stolen money from thieves, and leading them to Silverado, the group disbands to find their relatives and settle into the town. Emmett and Jake learn from their sister's husband, the land agent for the area, that rancher Ethan McKendrick ([[Ray Baker  is attempting to maintain the open range, which he will dominate with his enormous herds of cattle, by driving all lawful claimants off the land. Emmett had killed McKendrick's father years earlier in a gunfight, and McKendrick had hired the men who attempted to kill Emmett upon his release from prison. Mal finds his father Ezra , left destitute after his home had been burned down and his land overrun by cattle. It is soon revealed that the sheriff Cobb , an old friend of Paden's, is on McKendrick's payroll. After McKendrick's men murder Ezra, burn the land office, and kidnap Emmett's nephew Augie ; Paden, Mal, Emmett, and Jake determine to defy Cobb. The four stampede McKendrick's cattle to provide cover for a raid on his ranch, in which most of the bandits are killed and the kidnapped boy is rescued. They then return to town, where in a series of encounters, each defeats his own personal enemy. In the last of these, Paden kills Cobb in a duel. Emmett and Jake leave for California, their long stated goal, while Mal and his sister reunite and decide to rebuild their father's homestead. Paden stays in Silverado as the new sheriff."] ["Man hunter Blade  arrives at the mining town of Suttonville with the lawless Burt Craven  as his prisoner. He gets noticed when he uses a tomahawk in their fight against an outlaw. After a short time, Blade's reputation becomes grater, and he comes to the attention of the city's wealthy and crippled mayor, McGowan  and his corrupt lackey Voller , hired to find the mayor's daughter  who has disappeared. Blade is not aware that she has been kidnapped by Voller, who secretly works for a gang that regularly plunders coachloads of silver from the mayor's silver mine. After a while, Blade is imprisoned, beaten up, and left to die as part of a plan by Voller and his men. However, against all the odds, he survives. Blade prepares for the final battle, but not only against Voller and his gang. He also wants revenge against those who killed his father when he was small. The film was released on DVD in 2002 .  Mannaja is an unusual spaghetti western, in that it contains some symbolism and emotional scenes that give the viewer the feel of an adventure or horror film, particularly in the opening scene in the swamp, and the scene in the cave. Mannaja has been compared to a contemporaneous film called Keoma . Like other spaghetti westerns it is sometimes rather brutal, and contains fairly graphic depictions of murder with an axe. It was banned in Sweden."] ['During his escape, bank robber Joe Maybe (Audie Murphy sees famous US Marshal Jim Noonan, who is searching for him, stumble and fall off a cliff to his death. He enters a town on the dead man\'s horse, where he is mistaken for Noonan. Maybe decides to hide behind the badge for a while, but soon raises the suspicions of the local law enforcer, Judge Kyle . His real identity is nearly blown when the riverboat brings to town Tessa Milott , a past acquaintance of Maybe\'s who calls him by his surname in front of the judge. Thinking quickly, Joe says she called him "Baby," and did this because she is his wife. She must now pretend she is his wife to avoid further scrutiny from Kyle, but this in turn causes problems with her current boyfriend, bandit leader Sam Teeler . The "couple" moves into a house and are well respected in town, although their secrecy is nearly compromised by a young orphan boy who expects "the marshal and his wife" to adopt him. Tessa struggles between her loyalty to her real criminal boyfriend and her growing feelings for Maybe, but each man wants to rob the town\'s bank.'] ['In the Old West town of Dry Gulp, Jerry - wanted for "cheese rustlin\'" - steals a wedge of cheese from the general store. When the furious shopkeeper demands action, the sheriff hires the "Fastest Trap in the West". This turns out to be Tom, who arrives in town riding his spurs as if they were roller skates. He crashes into the sheriff\'s office and gets a finger caught in his own mousetrap while displaying his quick-draw skills, but gets the job anyway. Tom and Jerry meet for a showdown, but when Tom draws his traps, his belt and pants fall down, giving Jerry time to escape to a mouse-sized saloon. Tom reaches in to grab him, but Jerry puts a bag of flour - too big to fit through the hole - into his hand. As Tom tries to yank it out, Jerry opens up a trick entrance behind the saloon\'s sign and hits Tom over the head with a mallet. He then runs to a full-sized saloon, with Tom getting his head caught in its batwing doors before chasing him into the basement. Tom tries to shoot Jerry with a rifle, but Jerry tricks him into turning off the light switch at the top of the stairs so that he tumbles to the bottom. Jerry hits the lights and shoots Tom instead. Another chase ensues, and after Jerry dives into a hole, Tom baits a trap and slides it in after him. Jerry catches Tom\'s tail in the trap, sending him screaming back to town. Finally, Tom brings out a barrel of gunpowder, intending to blow up Jerry\'s hole. As he lights the fuse with a cigar and rolls the barrel away, Jerry bores a hole in the bottom and lights the powder trail that trickles out. In a panic, Tom dumps the barrel into a watering hole near the sheriff\'s office, dousing the powder trail - but the still-lit fuse sets off the powder and destroys the office. The singed sheriff starts shooting at Tom and runs him out of town, while Jerry steals the last wedge of cheese from the general store.'] ["=  Although the Indians are assured by contract of their land in the Black Hills, the white settlers still want to lay their hands on it, due to the recent discovery of gold. The main villain, Red Fox  demands that Mattotaupa, chief of the Bear's tribe reveal the location of the cave with the gold. When Mattotaupa refuses, Red Fox stabs him. When Lieutenant Roach orders Tokei-itho to come to Fort Smith for 'negotiations', Tokei-itho suspects an ambush. He refuses to move the tribe to an infertile area away from their reservation and so the tribe is forcibly moved by the American army from the land of their forefathers and the young chief incarcerated. On his release Tokei-itho learns of the murder of Tashunka-witko , another tribesman. Finally, the Indians are forced to cross the Missouri River over the Border into Canada in the hope of a better life. But while they are crossing the river, Tokei-itho must deal with his mortal enemy Red Fox, the murderer of his father, and settle the score. It is notable that the film does not completely equate evil characters with white settlers and good ones with Natives: early in the film, one of the older military men at Fort Smith is actually quite sympathetic to them, and the white predators led by Red Fox also have Indian trackers from another tribe. Red Fox himself got his name from a native initiation, and by trying to pass himself off as a semi-Indian/native gets what he wants."] ['A peaceful village suddenly turns violent when a certain stranger walks into a bar with the poster of a wanted man. He enters into a scuffle with other cowboys. He manages to escape from the clutches of the localites and then is chased by them.'] ["Prisoner of a U. S. Cavalry patrol, outlaw Wade Cooper  is the only survivor of an Apache attack. Nancy Mailer  rescues Wade and brings him to her husband Clint's  trading post, where she nurses the outlaw back to health over the objections of her husband, a cowardly miser. The Apaches raid the post, kidnaping the Mailers' son and demanding rifles in exchange for his release. Clint Mailer obtains the aid of an outlaw band to steal the rifles from an Army post, but they are caught by soldiers and killed. Wade rescues the boy by leading the Indians into a booby trap in Clint's gold mine, and he and Nancy, who have fallen in love, start a new life together.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stid=69137"] ['Shy mountain trapper Yancy  travels through Wyoming with his uncle and aunt. They come across a young woman, Rosalie , whose father tried to sell her.'] ["Beaver Greenway, a longtime horse owner with a drinking problem, is upset because one of his mares has been lured away by Thunderhead, the wild stallion that previously belonged to Rob and Nell McLaughlin. He goes to Goose Bar Ranch to complain, but the McLaughlins no longer have any control of the horse. Ken McLaughlin returns home to his parents from a horse-buying trip with Crown Jewel, a trotter. Rob is skeptical about the purchase, more so when Crown Jewel develops altitude sickness here in the Wyoming hills. Ken goes on a date with Greenway's granddaughter Carey. A veterinarian advises Crown Jewel be put down due to its congested lungs, but Beaver Greenway, a former sulky driver, recommends a treatment that works. Thunderhead returns and lifts the mare's spirits. Crown Jewel is taken to Ohio to compete in the Governor's Cup sweepstakes, where a newly sober Beaver has entered his own horse, Sundown. The rivals split the first two races. Carey is concerned that her grandfather will begin drinking again if he should lose the third and deciding race. Sundown wins. But all of the McLaughlins are proud of Crown Jewel's effort, particularly when they learn she is pregnant."] ['Learning of their ability as experienced horsemen, Mormon Elder Wiggs , hires Travis Blue  and Sandy Owens  to guide a small group of Mormons across the West to the San Juan River country in southeastern Utah Territory, in 1849.Wagon Master - at IMDb<ref name59942&mainArticleId=146791 Wagon Master] at Turner Classic Movies'] ['The film takes place in a small valley in the Mexican state of Sonora, near the Arizona Territory, around 1870. Steve Fallon, a drifter and gun-for-hire, is seriously wounded while on the trail and is found by Mike Summers and his wife, Franchea. He is taken into their home and, while recovering, he learns that a local land baron, Ortega, is pressuring local ranchers to sell their land to him with the help of Danny Pose and his gang of outlaws. Fallon also develops feelings for Fanchea\'s sister, Juana. Mike Summers, a former Confederate officer, had become a pacifist following his experiences during the American Civil War. Refusing to even wear a gun, he is defenseless when Danny Pose arrives at the ranch to collect "protection" money. Confronted by Fallon, Pose is disarmed and loses to Fallon in a brawl. He is eventually run out of town after a gunfight with Fallon ends with three of his companions dead. Ortega responds by taking over the gang himself and leading a raid against the Summers ranch and, in one of the films most graphic scenes, he has Fallon\'s hands crushed under a wagon. Danny Pose soon returns, under the belief that Fallon has been killed, and turns on Ortega murdering his former employer. Riding to the Summers ranch, he sees the helpless Fallon and proceeds to shoot him when Summers grabs a nearby gun and kills Pose in order to save Fallon\'s life.{{cite web}}'] ["Wanderer of the Wasteland was based on Zane Grey's 1923 novel of two brothers, one an honest cowpoke, the other a gambler. When Adam Larey ([[Jack Holt  confronts his younger brother Guerd  about his gambling addiction, the latter is accidentally shot. A distraught Adam, believing he has killed his own brother, flees into the desert. He later learns that Guerd was merely wounded and returns to the loving arms of beautiful Billie Dove."] ['In 1863, First Lieutenant John J. Dunbar  is injured in the American Civil War. Rather than having his leg amputated, he takes a horse and rides up to the Confederate front lines, distracting them in the process. The roused Union army then attacks and the battle ends a Confederate rout. Dunbar survives, is allowed to properly recover, receives a citation for bravery and is awarded Cisco, the horse who carried him, as well as his choice of posting. Dunbar requests a transfer to the western frontier so he can see its vast terrain before it goes. Dunbar arrives at his new post, Fort Sedgwick, but finds it abandoned and in disrepair. Despite the threat of nearby Native American tribes, he elects to stay and man the post himself. He begins rebuilding and restocking the fort and prefers the solitude afforded him, recording many of his observations in his journal. Dunbar initially encounters his Sioux neighbors when several attempts are made to steal his horse and intimidate him. In response, Dunbar decides to seek out the Sioux camp in an attempt to establish a dialogue. On his way he comes across Stands With A Fist , who has injured herself in mourning of her deceased husband. She is the white adopted daughter of the tribe\'s medicine man Kicking Bird ([[Graham Greene , as her white family was killed by the aggressive Pawnee tribe when she was young. Dunbar returns her to the Sioux to be treated, which changes their attitude toward him. Eventually, Dunbar establishes a rapport with Kicking Bird and warrior Wind In His Hair  who equally wish to communicate. Initially the language barrier frustrates them, so Stands With A Fist, though with difficulty remembering her English, acts as translator. Dunbar finds himself drawn to the lifestyle and customs of the tribe and begins spending most of his time with them. Learning their language, he becomes a hero among the Sioux and is accepted as an honored guest after he locates a migrating herd of buffalo and participates in the hunt. When at Fort Sedgwick, Dunbar also befriends a wolf he dubs "Two Socks" for its white forepaws. When the Sioux observe Dunbar and Two Socks chasing each other, they give him his Sioux name "Dances with Wolves". During this time, Dunbar also forges a romantic relationship with Stands with a Fist and helps defend the village from an attack by the rival Pawnee. Dunbar eventually wins Kicking Bird\'s approval to marry Stands with a Fist, and abandons Fort Sedgwick. Because of the growing Pawnee and white threat, Chief Ten Bears  decides to move the tribe to its winter camp. Dunbar decides to accompany them but must first retrieve his journal from Fort Sedgewick. However, when he arrives he finds it occupied by the U.S. Army. Because of his Sioux clothing, the soldiers mistake him for a Native and open fire, killing Cisco and capturing Dunbar. Sgt Baur  interrogates him, but Dunbar cannot prove his situation as Corporal Spivey  had secretly stolen his journal. As a result, along with Dunbar\'s refusal to serve as an interpreter to the tribes, he is accused of treason and transported back east as a prisoner. While traveling in the armed caravan, the soldiers kill Two Socks when the wolf attempts to follow Dunbar. Eventually the Sioux track the convoy, killing the soldiers and freeing Dunbar. At the winter camp, Dunbar decides to leave with Stands With A Fist since his status will put the tribe in danger. As they leave, Wind In His Hair shouts across to Dunbar, reminding him of their friendship. U.S. troops are seen searching the mountains but are unable to locate them, while a lone wolf howls in the distance. An epilogue states that thirteen years later the last remnants of Sioux were subjugated to the American government, ending the conquest of the Western frontier states and the livelihoods of the tribes in the plains.'] ['Roy Rogers, a horse dealer and a peddler of leather goods, is hoping to mate his mare named "Lady" with Golden Sovereign, a stallion owned by rancher Gabby Kendrick. Kendrick refuses, preferring to mate the stallion with his own stock. Brett Scoville, a wealthy rancher and nightclub owner, wants to mate the stallion with his mare as well, and, to that end, steals the stallion. Golden Sovereign breaks free, finds Lady, and has a romantic interlude with her in the hills. A search is raised to find Golden Sovereign, but Scoville accidentally shoots and kills the horse when Golden Sovereign is attacked a wild stallion. Roy arrives on the scene and chases Scoville off with a bullet but cannot later identify him as the killer. To all appearances, it looks like Roy is responsible for the death of Golden Sovereign, and he is arrested. He jumps bail, and takes off on Lady. Months later, Lady gives birth to Golden Sovereign\'s son. Roy names him Trigger and, in time, the horse becomes his mount. Roy returns to the Golden Horse Ranch to present Trigger as a gift to Kendrick. The gift is declined, and Roy is jailed as a fugitive from justice. Trigger is auctioned to pay Roy\'s debts. Scoville acquires the horse and, when the case against Roy is dropped, hires him to train Trigger. A year later, Scoville and Susan Kendrick enter their horses in a race at the State Fair. Roy is riding Scoville\'s Trigger in the race, and Scoville promises him ownership of the horse should he win the race. Roy is reluctant to race after learning Scoville killed Golden Sovereign. However, Roy races and aids Susan when Scoville\'s men hold her horse in a pocket on the track. Susan wins the race on Golden Empress, and, consequently, Roy loses possession of Trigger. Later, Scoville is arrested for killing Golden Sovereign, and, Roy finally comes into possession of Trigger through Kendrick. Eventually, Roy is employed at the Kendrick ranch, and Trigger becomes the father of twin sons born to Susan\'s Golden Empress.'] ['{{plot}} A panicked scientist is running through a swamp in Louisiana. He has a magnetic collar around his neck, while a large serrated disc flies through the air after him. Eventually, the fast-moving blade catches up to the scientist and beheads him. In 1869, Army Captain James T. West , hides in a railroad water tower. He is spying on a group of ex-Confederate soldiers working under General "Bloodbath" McGrath , whom West has swore to take down. West follows them to a saloon where General McGrath is enjoying a loud party and is seduced by a large prostitute who attempts to hypnotize the general into divulging his plans. West breaks in, but is stopped by the prostitute, allowing McGrath to escape. West fights off McGrath\'s men and finds himself with the prostitute, who reveals himself as U.S. Marshal Artemus Gordon . In Washington, D.C., West and Gordon meet at the White House with President Ulysses S. Grant , who tells them about the disappearance of America\'s key scientists regarding to McGrath\'s plot. Grant charges the two with finding the scientists before he inaugurates the first transcontinental railroad at Promontory, Utah. Onboard their train, Gordon reveals the murdered scientist\'s head and uses a projection device to see his last image via the Retinal Terminus Theory. Finding McGrath and a clue in the image, they two head to New Orleans, pursuing a lead about Dr. Arliss Loveless , an ex-Confederate scientist in a steam-powered wheelchair since the loss of his lower body, who is hosting a party for the elite of Southern society. West mistakes a female guest for a disguised Gordon and makes an error that results in the guests wanting to lynch West. Meanwhile, Gordon roams the mansion and comes across a caged Rita Escobar , rescuing her. Gordon frees West from a lynching with an elastic rope, and the three escape to their train The Wanderer. On board, Rita asks for their help in rescuing her father, Professor Guillermo Escobar. Later, Loveless hosts a reception to demonstrate his newest weapon: a steam-powered tank. The tank uses General McGrath\'s soldiers as target practice, which angers McGrath. Upon McGrath demanding why Loveless would be betraying him and his soldiers, Loveless explains that McGrath\'s co-surrender with General Robert E. Lee to Grant at Appomattox is what ticked him off the most. Loveless then shoots McGrath and leaves him behind in the lake. Gordon, West and Rita arrive at the scene and find the dying McGrath, who then explains that Loveless was the man behind one a horrible war crime: a tank massacre of a settlement called New Liberty inhabited by freed slaves, including West\'s family. The tank malfunctioned and exploded at New Liberty, causing the catastrophic damage to Loveless\'s lower body, and until that night had been in Europe convalescing, being fitted with his wheelchair, and plotting his revenge. Loveless boards his armored train and heads to Utah with Gordon, West, and Rita in pursuit. Using steam powered hydraulics, Loveless maneuvers his train behind The Wanderer. West disables Loveless\' train, but not before Loveless uses a cannon-launched grappling hook to stop The Wanderer. Rita, afraid of being recaptured by Loveless, grabs one of Gordon\'s rigged pool balls and accidentally releases the sleeping gas that knocks out West , Gordon and herself. West and Gordon wake up as Loveless and his posse pull away in The Wanderer taking Rita and the engineer hostage, announcing he intends to capture President Grant at the "golden spike" ceremony. They find themselves fitted with the same metal collars that killed the scientist in the opening scene, and inside a small wire fence, intended to imprison them. West steps over the fence, triggering a machine to release the lethal flying disks, forcing West and Gordon to run as the disks are magnetically attracted to the collars. The two leap into a mud pit from opposite directions, causing the discs to collide and explode in contact. After removing the collars, the two stumble across Loveless\' private rail, which leads them to his industrial complex, hidden in Spider Canyon. Here, they witness Loveless\'s ultimate weapon: a gigantic mechanical spider armed with a nitroglycerin cannon. Later, Loveless uses the spider to capture President Grant and Gordon  at the inauguration ceremony at Promontory Point, while West is seemingly shot to death by one of Loveless\' bodyguards. At his industrial complex, Loveless reveals his plan: to destroy the United States with his mechanized forces unless President Grant agrees to divide the states among Great Britain , France , Spain , Mexico , and himself . Loveless demands that President Grant surrender, but he refuses. Loveless threatens to execute Gordon but is interrupted by a belly dancer, who turns out to be West in disguise, having used Gordon\'s bullet-proof vest made of chain mail to escape death. Though West manages to use an exotic dance to distract Loveless, allowing he and Gordon to free the captives, but Loveless escapes in the ensuing battle, taking the President with him. To save the President, Gordon and West, using a theoretical design by Leonardo da Vinci, build a flying machine to catch up with the spider after it destroys a town as Loveless attempts to force Grant to sign the surrender. Gordon and West crash onto the spider, knocking one of Loveless\'s guards overboard. While Gordon and Grant are held at gunpoint, West is dropped into the engine room to fight the spider\'s crew, all of whom have bizarre prosthetic weapons. West defeats the crew and Loveless himself descends into the engine room to fight West while having his guards to man the controls and keep Gordon and Grant in gunpoint. Loveless, now on mechanical legs, engages into a fight with West and pins him to the floor, until Gordon pulls out a tiny single-shot \'"peashooter" at him, forcing the Loveless\' guards to disarm themselves. Gordon shoots a hole in Loveless\'s hydraulic line, and all the oil quickly drains from his legs, allowing West to gain the upper hand. This allows Gordon and Grant to defeat the rest of Loveless\' guards, and pleading for his life, Loveless drags himself back to his wheelchair as the spider approaches a cliff. After being confronted for the New Liberty massacre, Loveless attempts to shoot West with a concealed gun, but hits the spider\'s control lines, jamming it just before it could plunge into the canyon. This sends West and Loveless teetering over the edge. Loveless then attempts to decide whether he should pull the chair\'s lever that will release them or not, knowing it will send both him and West to fall to their deaths if he does so. However, West pulls the lever himself, grabbing a chain hanging from the spider, while Loveless falls to his doom. After the second ceremony at Promontory, Grant promotes Gordon and West to the first two agents of his newly-formed U.S. Secret Service. Gordon and West meet Rita again, both of them planning to court her, but she crushes their hopes by announcing that Professor Escobar was her husband, not her father, though she comforts them by saying that they have each other. The film ends with Gordon and West assuming to be riding on horseback, but are revealed to be piloting Loveless\'s steam-spider into the sunset.'] ["Daniel and Martha Halliday, son and daughter of the powerful Big Dan, strenuously object to his bigotry and violence. When he leads the lynching of her half-breed beau, Jivaro Burris, it is the last straw. Dan becomes estranged from his father and closer to his rival, Jivaro's father, while also developing a romantic attachment to Aleta Burris, the dead man's sister. It leads to a showdown between the two sides."] ["A railroad worker named Barshee  forces farmers to give up the land the railroad was going to go through, giving them $1 per acre  for it. When they come to Jesse's home, Jesse  tells Barshee that his mother Mrs. Samuels  is the farm's owner. Barshee repeatedly tries to force her into selling, until her other son Frank James  gets involved. Frank fights and easily beats Barshee, but Barshee's men get involved and Jesse shoots him in the hand. When arrest warrants are issued for Frank and Jesse, Major A. Rufus Cobb  editor in nearby Liberty, Missouri and uncle of Zerelda  Cobb , Jesse's lover, quickly comes to tell them to leave. Frank and Jesse learn that Barshee is responsible for the death of their mother and Jesse kills him in revenge. This begins Frank and Jesse's career as outlaws. Three years later, with a $5000 on his head, Jesse marries Zee and turns himself in, having been promised a light sentence by Marshall Will Wright . But the judge supersedes Marshall Wright's recommendation and Jesse is given a stiff sentence. Frank breaks Jesse out of jail but is captured in the process. Jesse continues his life of crime and eventually Zee leaves him, taking their son Jesse Jr. Years later, a wounded Jesse returns home and Zee joins him in the belief that they will escape to California. Meanwhile, Frank has escaped and sends Bob Ford  to Jesse with a message. But Bob Ford betrays and kills Jesse instead."] ['U.S. Army soldiers round up a group of Indians, mostly women and children. Surprisingly, they find among them a white woman and her half-Indian son. Sam Varner  is a scout retiring from the Army to his ranch in New Mexico. He agrees to escort Sarah Carver  and her son after she begs him. She wants to leave immediately rather than wait five days for a military escort. Varner takes them to a stage coach stop called Hennessy. The boy runs away during the night. Varner and Sarah go looking for him as a dust storm begins. They find the boy and then hole up  to wait out the storm. When they return to the station, everyone there is dead, killed by the boy\'s Indian warrior father, Salvaje . Salvaje is greatly feared even among his own people - and with good reason: he is known to be a silent and ruthless killer. Salvaje means "Ghost" in Apache, or in their own tongue: "He Who Is Not Here", meaning a dead man. Varner is upset that the woman\'s impatience to leave has cost the people at the station their lives. When the stagecoach does arrive, Varner puts the woman and boy on it and follows them to a rail station called Silverton. He trades government letters of transport for train tickets to Topeka, Kansas. After some careful consideration, Varner decides to invite the woman and her son to accompany him to his ranch where she can cook for him and an old man, Ned , who takes care of the ranch. Sam sells his horse and they take the train to New Mexico. They uneasily try to coexist. The woman and her son are not talkative despite Sam\'s best efforts. His friend Nick, a half-breed scout he has been friends with for ten years, shows up. Nick tells him that Salvaje killed everyone at Silverton and even killed Sam\'s old horse. It\'s apparent that Salvaje is coming to the ranch to retake his son. Ned goes outside to feed his dog and finds it killed with an arrow. In a blind rage, he runs into the trees after a Salvaje. Sam tries to bring him back, but can\'t find him. Shortly after, he hears Ned\'s death scream. Sam decides to go after Salvaje and create an opportunity for Nick to get a clear shot. But, when Sam is being tracked, Nick jumps up to warn him and Salvaje kills him. Nick dies in Sam\'s arms. Salvaje enters the ranch house through a window. Sam blows out the kerosene lamp in order to hide in a dark corner. Sam shoots at him with a rifle and Salvaje flees, but he leaves a trail of blood. Sam trails him and steps into a booby-trap that Salvaje has rigged with a knife. Sam is stabbed in the left thigh and bleeds profusely enough that he has to apply a tourniquet. The two men fight and eventually Sam shoots Salvaje three times as the warrior falls atop him, dying. Sam manages to walk, stumble, and crawl back to the house, where Sarah rushes out to help him.'] ['The plot is a variation on the standard B-Western "Land Grab" plot: Gold has been discovered in the area and gambler Jim Rodney intends to make sole claim to it by pushing the rightful owners off the land and taking it for himself. To do so he has his henchmen kill an Indian woman, provoking attacks from her tribe. This brings Buffalo Bill and the United States Cavalry into the town. Buffalo Bill proceeds to defeat Rodney and his schemes. {{Expand section}}'] ["Oklahoma outlaw Belle Starr meets the Dalton gang when rescued from lynching by Bob Dalton, who falls for her. So do gang member Mac and wealthy saloon owner Tom Bradfield, who's enlisted in a bankers' scheme to trap the Daltons. Dissension among the gang and Bradfield's ambivalence complicate the plot, as Belle demonstrates her prowess with shootin' irons, horses, and as a saloon entertainer."] ['{{plot}} John Tunstall , an educated Englishman and cattle rancher in Lincoln County, New Mexico, hires wayward young gunmen to live and work on his ranch. Tunstall is in heavy competition with another well-connected Irishman named Lawrence Murphy , who owns a large ranch; their men clash on a regular basis. Tunstall recruits Billy  and advises him to renounce violence saying that "He who sows the wind will reap the whirlwind." Tensions escalate between the two camps, resulting in the murder of Tunstall. Billy, Doc Scurlock , Jose Chavez y Chavez , Richard M. "Dick" Brewer , "Dirty" Steve Stephens , and Charlie Bowdre , consult their lawyer friend Alex McSween , who manages to get them deputized and given warrants for the arrest of Murphy\'s murderous henchmen. Billy quickly challenges Dick\'s authority as leader, vowing revenge against Murphy and the men responsible for killing Tunstall. The men call themselves "The Regulators" and arrest some of the murderers, but hot-headed Billy is unable to wait for justice. He guns down unarmed men and goes on to kill one of his fellow Regulators  in the paranoid  belief that he was still in league with Murphy. The men are stripped of their badges, which they find out about by reading a newspaper. That same paper also confuses Dick for Billy, showing a picture of Dick labeled "Billy the Kid", a nickname to which Billy takes an immediate liking. While the local authorities begin their hunt for Billy and the boys, the Regulators argue about continuing with their warrants or to go on the run. One of the men on their list of warrants, Buckshot Roberts , tracks them down, barricades himself in an outhouse, and Dick dies in an intense shootout. Billy appoints himself as the new leader, the gang becomes famous and the U.S. Army is charged with bringing them to justice under Murphy\'s corrupt political influence. The gang eludes attention for some time, and Charlie gets married in Mexico. While attending the wedding, Billy meets Pat Garrett  who is not yet a sherriff, but warns Billy of an attempt on Alex\'s life by Murphy\'s men that will happen the next day. Thus the gang packs up and heads off to save Alex. While in the home of their lawyer on the main street of Lincoln, New Mexico an entire posse of Murphy\'s men appear and surround the house, trapping them. Another intense shootout begins as the authorities, led by George W. Peppin, open fire on the house. Billy once again shows his shooting prowess by first calling out one of the besiegers by name , then killing him with a snap long-range gunshot out the window that should have been impossible with a handgun. A ceasefire is called for the night, but the battle continues the next morning when the Army rolls in, accompanied by Murphy. They torch the house and Chavez runs out the back, causing Steve to assert that he has deserted the gang. As the house begins to burn down, the men come up with an escape plan. They begin throwing Alex\'s possessions out the windows of the second floor. Billy places himself inside of a large trunk, and when it lands in front of the house, he takes his opponents by surprise when he leaps out and begins to open fire. Almost at the same time, Doc bursts out of the winding stairway leading to the top floor with guns blazing, followed by Charlie and Steve. As all the men make it to the lawn, Billy is shot twice in his arms. Charlie challenges the bounty hunter John Kinney ; Kinney shoots Charlie and Charlie fires back. Charlie kills Kinney, but in the process takes a few more bullets and dies. Chavez takes the Army by surprise. Screaming "Regulators!", he rides in leading horses for the others. He comes from behind the army and jumps their barricade to get his extra horses to the surviving Regulators. Billy jumps on one horse as Doc gets on the other. Doc is shot as his girlfriend Yen Sun , Murphy\'s Chinese sex-slave, screams; he rides over to her and picks her up, and they ride off. Chavez tries to get Steve on a horse, but is wounded and falls to the ground. Steve helps Chavez mount a horse and sends the horse off so Chavez can escape, but is then left without a horse and unarmed. He is shot multiple times by the Army and Murphy\'s men. He falls into a dirty puddle, dead. Alex cheers on the boys as they ride away. The army opens fire on him with a Gatling gun and he is killed. As the remaining men ride away, Murphy hurls threats and curses after them, but is stunned when Billy turns back, beyond gunshot range of most normal men. Saying, "Reap it Murphy, you son of a bitch", he makes another impossible long-range pistol shot, hitting Murphy right between the eyes and killing him. The final scene is a voice over of Doc explaining what happened afterward. In Doc\'s explanation, he includes that Alex\'s widow caused a congressional investigation into the Lincoln County War. Chavez took work at a farm in California; Doc moved east to New York and married Yen Sun, whom he had saved from Murphy; and Billy continued to ride until he was found and shot dead by Pat Garrett, who in this film is shown as barely knowing Billy. Billy was buried next to Charlie Bowdre at Fort Sumner. A stranger went to the grave of Billy the Kid late at night and made a carving into the headstone. The epitaph read only one word: "PALS".'] ['Having cleaned up Tombstone, marshal Frame Johnson  quits after an attempted lynching. He hopes to settle down on a ranch near Cottonwood with his sweetheart Jeannie . Before he can do so, he may have to clean up Cottonwood, too, making a great sacrifice to restore law and order.'] ['In the year 2021 the moon is in the process of being colonized, and this new frontier is attracting a diverse group of people to settlements such as Moon City, Farside 5 and others. Two such denizens of this rough and tumble lunar society are the notorious millionaire J. J. Hubbard and former-astronaut-turned-satellite-salvager Bill Kemp. The first man to set foot on Mars, Kemp has now left the Space Corporation because he wants to do space exploration whereas his former employer only wants to do commercial passenger flights to Mars and Venus (the first manned mission to [[Mercury . When Hubbard hears of a small 6000-tonne asteroid made of pure sapphire that is orbiting close to the moon, he hires Kemp to capture it using Kemp\'s old "Moon 02" space ferry and bring it down to the lunar farside although it would be against the law. However, Kemp has little choice since he has learned that his flight license soon will be revoked due to protests from the Corporation. Hubbard also reveals that he plans to use the sapphire as a rocket engine thermal insulator; he would build more powerful rockets capable of finally colonizing also Mercury and moons of Jupiter—for profit. Meanwhile a young woman arrives looking for her brother, a miner working a distant patch of moonscape at Spectacle Crater on the lunar farside. Unfortunately, the trip from Moon City on the nearside would take six days by lunar buggy. Since Kemp could go there in 20 minutes using Moon 02, she convinces him to try to learn whether her brother is still alive. In doing so, Kemp learns more than he would like about some of Hubbard\'s schemes.'] [" Django  is a drifter who drags around a coffin that conceals a machine gun. He rescues a young woman, María , from being murdered by bandits led by Major Jackson , a man whom Django is seeking revenge on for the murder of his wife. After killing most of Jackson's men, Django makes a deal with a Mexican bandit general, Hugo Rodriguez , who is in conflict with Jackson, and the two steal a large quantity of gold from a Mexican Army fort . When Rodriguez drags his feet in giving Django his share, he and Maria steal the gold. Unfortunately, the gold falls into quicksand. When Rodriguez catches up to them, María is shot  and Django's hands are crushed. Rodríguez and his men are massacred by Jackson and the Mexican Army when the bandits return to Mexico. Jackson then goes looking for Django in a cemetery after killing Nathaniel. However, Django, who has bitten the trigger-guard off his pistol, kills Jackson and his five surviving men by pressing the trigger against a cross  and repeatedly dropping the hammer."] ["After her father's death Sophie Ware returns to her home town in hopes of running the family ranch. She struggles with the awkwardness of being home as she is now used to living in a big city as an accomplished musician. She is surprised when Alex, the farm's handyman, offers her a marriage of convenience in order to keep the farm afloat."] ['Stagecoach robber Bill Miner  is caught and sent to prison for 33 years. He is finally released in 1901. He wanders around, a man out of place in the new century, until he sees one of the first movies, The Great Train Robbery, and is inspired to copy it in real life. After several unsuccessful attempts, he achieves his goal and hides out in a mining town in British Columbia, becoming a respectable resident. There, he meets and falls in love with early feminist and photographer Katherine Flynn . He considers settling down with her, but one last robbery proves to be his downfall.'] ['Singing cowboy Gene Autry  is traveling to Mineral Springs Ranch to visit an old friend, Jefferson Lee , whom he hasn\'t seen in fifteen years. On the train he is robbed and then thrown from the train by escaped murderer Wolf Benson . Believing Gene to be dead, Wolf plans to travel to Mineral Springs Ranch and pose as the radio celebrity in order to collect the $10,000 that Lee owes Gene. Meanwhile Gene is rescued by traveling actors Frog Millhouse  and Professor Ezekial Daniels . Together they travel to Sage City, where Gene gets into a fight with Sheriff Briggs ([[Walter James , who believes he is Wolf, and chokes the singing cowboy. Arrested for Wolf\'s crimes, Gene is unable to sing in order to prove his identity. At the trial, Gene mouths the words to his songs while a phonograph plays, and after the jury listens, Gene is set free. Wolf arrives at Lee\'s Mineral Springs Ranch pretending to be Gene and asks for his money back. Knowing he is an impostor, Lee refuses to give him the money and Wolf shoots him and robs his safe. On his way to Mineral Springs, Gene comes across a posted reward for "Gene Autry", the murderer of Jefferson Lee. Gene meets Lee\'s niece Mary Ann , who is riding with Flash Baldwin , Wolf\'s accomplice. Gene notices that Baldwin is wearing his own suit, and decides to pose as Tex Smith, offering to perform at the Lee ranch in place of Gene Autry. After finding his suitcase in Baldwin\'s room, Gene overhears Wolf\'s scheme to rob the ranch safe, but Baldwin recognizes Gene\'s voice by playing his record while he sings. The next day, while the guests picnic, Wolf and his men crack the ranch safe. Gene pulls a gun on them, but Sheriff Briggs and his posse arrive with Frog and Daniels. He arrests Gene, instead of Wolf, still believing that Gene killed Lee. While the posse locates Mary Ann to implicate Wolf, he deserts his men and Gene overtakes him in his car. Mary Ann then testifies to Gene\'s innocence and they kiss.'] ["Drunken Doc Medley and his daughter Angie support themselves by Angie's gambling skills as her father steers travelers to her card table. Angie is in the romantic thrall of tough guy Slinger, though Slinger's rough ways bother her. When her father sells his almost non-existent practice to an unwitting Easterner, Doctor Merritt, Angie sets out to repay the young doctor. But Slinger senses the attraction Angie feels for Merritt and decides to make things difficult for both of them, a decision that leads to robbery and murder."] ['In 1878, chiefs Little Wolf  and Dull Knife  lead over three hundred starved and weary Cheyenne from their reservation in the Oklahoma territory to their home in Wyoming. The government sees this as an act of rebellion, and the sympathetic Captain Thomas Archer  is forced to lead his troops in an attempt to stop the tribe. As the press misrepresents the native\'s motives and goals for their trek as malicious, Secretary of the Interior Carl Schurz  tries to prevent violence from erupting between the army and the natives. Also featured are James Stewart as Wyatt Earp, Dolores del Río as "Spanish Woman" and Carroll Baker as a pacifist school teacher and Archer\'s  love interest.'] ["Jed Catlow and Ben Cowan served together in the Civil War and became friends, but now Catlow is a thief and Cowan a marshal tracking him down. Catlow is accused of rustling the wealthy rancher Parkman's cattle. Parkman has hired a vicious gunfighter, Orville Miller, to kill Catlow. Offering to turn himself in, Catlow joins Cowan on a stagecoach to Fort Smith, but his men stage an ambush. Catlow heads for Hermosillo, Mexico, where a woman named Rosita is in love with him and a $2 million shipment of gold is arriving soon by mule train. Cowan goes after him. He is bushwhacked by Miller, who tosses the bound marshal across a horse with a badge pinned on his backside and turns him loose. Cowan barely avoids a plunge to his death off a cliff. Allowed to recover at General Calderon's grand hacienda, Ben becomes attracted to Christina, the general's daughter. Catlow gets the drop on Miller during a bath and hits him with a jug that shatters, cutting Miller's vocal cords. After stealing the army's gold, Catlow flees toward the scorching desert and into dangerous Apache territory. He rejects Rosita, who angrily recruits men to go with her after Catlow and kill him. Cowan follows, as usual, but Miller shows up and shoots Cowan, wounding him. Catlow picks up Cowan's gun and shoots Miller. Christina will take care of Cowan. Meantime, a smiling Catlow puts on his friend's badge and gives an indication that he will turn to the right side of the law."] ['Dapper Dan Dooley, a bandit with a price on his head, approaches the town of Rigor Mortis, Texas and sees a sign, "No Bandits Allowed," signed by "Woody Woodpecker, Marshal." He stops and asks a peon where he can find the marshal. The peon replies, "You mean the one with the red hair, the big nose, who goes \'Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha\'?" The bandit says, "That\'s him." The peon replies, "I don\'t know." A disgusted patron runs to the marshal\'s office for help, and soon, outside the swinging doors, appear two long legs in cowboy boots. The bandit sees this, turns chicken, and finds that the legs he saw are actually those of Woody on stilts. In the final sequence, with Dapper Dan and the peon on a handcar running head-on into an engine, the peon jumps unharmed, but the bandit is really shaken up. Tapping the peon on the head, he asks, "What happened to that woodpecker?" The peon takes off his hat, false face and short, and it\'s Woody Woodpecker who now has the bandit securely tied up so that he can cause no more harm or trouble.'] ['The town of Vinegaroon, Texas is run by Judge Roy Bean  who calls himself "the only law west of the Pecos." Conducting his "trials" from his saloon, Bean makes a nice corrupt living collecting fines and seizing property unlawfully. Those who stand up to him are usually hanged—given what Bean calls "suspended sentences". Cole Harden  is a drifter brought in on a charge of stealing a horse belonging to Bean\'s main sidekick, Chickenfoot ([[Paul Hurst . Harden\'s conviction by a jury composed of Bean\'s hangers-on seems certain; even the undertaker waits eagerly for the verdict and subsequent hanging. Bean dismisses Harden\'s contention that he bought the horse legally from another man. Noticing the judge\'s obsession with the English actress Lily Langtry, Harden claims to have met Miss Langtry, spoken with her, and to have known her intimately. He cons the judge into delaying the death sentence until Harden can send for a lock of the actress\' hair, which he supposedly has in El Paso. The delay is long enough for the real horse thief  to show up and get killed. Despite his warped sense of justice and corrupt nature, Bean genuinely likes Harden, considering him something of a kindred spirit. Harden is as bold and daring as Bean was in his youth, and the judge feels something like friendship for him. But this "friendship" doesn\'t stop Bean from trying to shoot Harden when the drifter lends his support to the homesteaders—a group led by Jane-Ellen Mathews  and her father Caliphet . The struggling homesteaders have been at odds with Bean and his cattle-rancher allies for a long time. Harden tries to appeal to the judge\'s better nature. He even saves Bean from an attempted lynching. But when that fails, and a corn crop is burned and Mr. Mathews killed, Harden sees no choice but to take action. He gets himself deputized by the county sheriff and swears out an arrest warrant against Bean. Arresting Bean in Vinegaroon—now renamed "Langtry" by the judge in honor of the actress—is impossible with all of Bean\'s men around. When Bean learns that Lily Langtry will be appearing in Texas, a long day\'s ride from Vinegaroon, he dresses up in his full Civil War regalia and rides to see the performance with his men in tow. When he arrives, Bean buys up every ticket and eagerly awaits her appearance alone in the audience, leaving his henchmen outside. Unknown to Bean, Harden has been waiting in the theater to arrest the judge. A standoff and shoot-out occur, and Bean is fatally wounded during the gunfight. Harden carries his dying friend backstage to meet the woman he has adored for so long. As Bean stares at the "Jersey Lily", he dies. Harden returns to Jane, and watches as new settlers arrive.{{cite web|lastBruce|titlehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/53914/The-Westerner/overview The New York Times|accessdate"nytimes2">{{cite web}}'] ["Blaise Starrett  is a ruthless cattleman at odds with homesteaders in a small, bleak western town in Wyoming called Bitters. A feud develops between Starrett and a local farmer, Hal Crane, and the farmer's wife, Helen, agrees to renew a love affair with Starrett if he promises not to kill Hal. The feud is about to come to a bloody end when Jack Bruhn , and his band of thugs ride into town. They are on the run from the law after robbing a bank. He is a wounded outlaw, a former cavalry officer but that doesn't stop him and his gang holding the town's civilians hostage. Starrett must now find a way to save his town, and redeem himself in the process. He does so by helping the bad guys escape, or so they think, across the snow-covered mountains."] ["Following the death of his friend Ed Norton who was killed during a dice game, Gene Autry  sets out in search of the killer. His search takes him to an old house where Larry Evans , who was accused of the murder, is in hiding. Larry's sister Mary  defends her brother, claiming they both loved Ed, who acted as their guardian after the death of their father. Mary is able to convince Gene that Larry is innocent. Gene offers to help him evade the sheriff until he can discover the real killer. Later, Gene discovers that Larry's gun, which was used in the killing, was offered as collateral during the dice game, and anyone could have taken it and shot Ed when the lights in the room went out. To allude a posse, Gene takes Larry to a cabin belonging to his prospector friend, Jim Hedge . When Gene questions him about the game, Larry tells him that either Dave Randall (Jack Holt  or Don Mason , who were both playing in the game, suggested that he put up the gun. Gene rides back into town to continue his search for the real killer. Meanwhile, Mason offers to purchase the Evans ranch from Mary and help Larry to escape across the border. Gene overhears the conversation and is surprised by the large amount of money Mason is proposing to pay for the property. When Gene returns to Jim's cabin, he is followed by the sheriff. Although Gene manages to warn Larry of the lawman's presence, Larry is convinced that Gene has betrayed him. The following morning, Gene and Jim ride to the ranch where Larry is hiding. After a struggle, Larry realizes that Gene is on his side. Gene notices that Jim's compass is behaving strangely. He sets a trap for the killers and exposes Don Mason and his cohorts, Bill Otis and Dave Randall, who murdered Ed Norton in order to obtain the rich lode of iron ore on his ranch. Larry's name cleared, and he and his sister return to their ranch and its valuable iron ore."] ['The film follows a lonesome desperado known only as "Gold Bullet" as he arrives in a small western town \'Last Valley\' populated by thugs, rogues, gunslingers and businessmen. "Gold Bullet" is in town for one reason only, to collect a debt owed to him by a former employer Henry Wynn. Will Wynn give up the money or will it all end in bloodshed?'] ["While his cousin Rusty Williams  is away at Agricultural College, prospector Shorty  fills in at Rusty's struggling Reno, Nevada spread as the ranch foreman. He spends his time looking for an angle at the Wagon Wheel Cafe Casino, and hooks up with two vagrants  after they accidentally win big at roulette. Along with two stranded New York singers  and their money, the Stooges and the girls head for the ranch with prospecting plans. Rusty returns home with hope that investor Sam Clemens  will save the ranch's cattle and mining operations, and finds Shorty and the gang's plans interfering. Complicating matters further, inept ranch hands  mistake Clemens for a cattle rustler, and Shorty, Curly and Larry cook up a scheme to get the girls an audition with a vacationing Broadway producer ."] ['An old legend tells of a fortune in gold hidden in the "Cañon del Oro," guarded by the Apache spirits. Along with several others, a man named Adams found it when he was a young man, only to have the Indians capture and blind him, leaving him stranded in the desert after killing his companions. Years later, Marshal MacKenna  wounds an old Indian shaman named Prairie Dog  who tried to bushwhack him; Prairie Dog subsequently dies, despite MacKenna\'s attending to him. MacKenna thereby comes into possession of a map that supposedly shows the way to the treasure. Though skeptical, he memorizes the directions before burning the map. Meanwhile, Mexican outlaw Colorado  and his gang had been tracking Prairie Dog to get the map, all the while being chased by the U.S. Cavalry. He takes shelter in the house of the old judge of the town of Hadleyburg, stealing horses, mules and food for his journey. He kills the judge and kidnaps his daughter, Inga Bergmann , whom Colorado mistakes for the judge\'s wife, as a hostage in case the cavalry catches up with him. Colorado finds MacKenna digging a grave for Prairie Dog and when he learns that MacKenna has destroyed the map, he takes him captive and forces him to lead them to the gold. Colorado also loads Prairie Dog\'s body onto a horse to bring along with them. He briefly tortures a captive MacKenna by having him cross an unsteady footbridge with the body. Although the bridge nearly collapses, MacKenna crosses without harm and is taken to Colorado\'s rest point, where he and his gang wait. The gang is made up of outlaws, including Sanchez  and Apaches. Colorado\'s main henchman is a hulking Apache warrior, Hachita . Colorado and his companions have a previous history with MacKenna, years previous being driven out of the state by MacKenna, while a fiery Apache woman, Hesh-ke  had been MacKenna\'s one-time love. The next morning, Ben Baker , an old friend of Colorado\'s from the town of Hadleyburg, arrives with a posse of townsmen who have become "infected" by "gold fever." Those amongst the men are two Englishmen , an editor , a storekeeper , a preacher , and Old Adams  himself. Colorado persuades Old Adams to relate the story of how he was left in the desert by the Apache. This only further raises tensions and hopes in the party. MacKenna tries to allow the townsmen to leave, claiming they have no business to be there, and to take the opportunity to leave with the cavalry, under the leadership of Sergeant Tibbs . Colorado steps in and convinces them to stay. The party bypasses the encamped cavalry by having two of Baker\'s men drop off a drunken squaw and make it appear that they are being pursued by Apaches. The plan succeeds until Tibbs gets some words out of the squaw about their intentions. As MacKenna\'s group plans to make a final rest stop at a water hole, the cavalry ambushes them. Baker and the editor try to plead for their lives, but they, along with Sanchez, the older Englishman, and presumably a helpless Old Adams are killed. Prairie Dog\'s body is lost during the attack and rides off into the desert; the preacher, storekeeper, and younger Englishman are separated from MacKenna\'s group. They are later pursued by the Apache trying to keep the gold from outsiders. Colorado merely shoots them off their horses to "keep the Apache happy for a while". As they near the canyon, MacKenna and Inga begin to fall in love, and a jealous Hesh-Ke tries to drown Inga at the water hole, only to be stopped by MacKenna. Meanwhile, Tibbs periodically sends messengers back to his commanding officer, supposedly to keep him informed. Eventually, the patrol is whittled down to just Tibbs and two men. Inga is sent to Tibbs to divert their attention. Rather than escort Inga to safety, Tibbs kills his troopers. He returns her to MacKenna and the outlaws, wanting a share of the gold. After crossing dangerous river rapids, they reach "Shaking Rock", a location on the map, to wait for the sun to rise on the specified day. The shadow of the pinnacle eventually points to the hidden entrance to the canyon. MacKenna, who had been skeptical, now begins to believe in the legend. They find a canyon with a large veins of pure gold. While all race to the canyon floor, Hesh-ke tries to kill Inga, but loses the horse-back struggle and falls to her death. While the rest are celebrating their great fortune, MacKenna escapes with Inga to an Indian dwelling high up the canyon wall, realizing that Colorado does not intend to leave any of the party alive. Hachita uses a hatchet to kill Tibbs. Colorado trys to shoot Hachita but his guns had been emptied by Hachita the previous night. Colorado manages to kill Hachita with a throwing knife and then pursues MacKenna and Inga up the cliff to the dwellings, where a three-way fight follows. Apaches tipped off by Hachita now attack, and the ensuing shooting and shouting leads to a rockfall. The Apaches and survivors flee just before the walls of the canyon fall, burying the gold. This is followed by the crash of "Shaking Rock." Stunned from what has just happened, Colorado warns MacKenna to not chase him. He leaves in disgust, believing the gold has been buried beyond reach. Before MacKenna and Inga ride off together, a saddlebag on the horse MacKenna took in the mad scramble is shown to be full of the large gold nuggets.'] ['After the American Civil War, highly-respected veteran Captain Kirby York  is expected to replace the outgoing commander at Fort Apache, an isolated U.S. cavalry post. York had commanded his own regiment during the Civil War and was well-qualified to assume permanent command. To the surprise and disappointment of the company, command of the regiment was given to Lieutenant Colonel Owen Thursday . Thursday, a West Point graduate, was a general during the Civil War. Despite his Civil War combat record, Lieutenant Colonel Thursday lacks experience with the Indians he is expected to oversee, and is an arrogant and egocentric officer. Accompanying widower Thursday is his daughter, Philadelphia . She becomes attracted to Second Lieutenant Michael Shannon O\'Rourke , the son of Sergeant Major Michael O\'Rourke . The elder O\'Rourke was a recipient of the Medal of Honor as a major with the Irish Brigade during the Civil War, entitling his son to enter West Point and become an officer. However, the class-conscious Thursday forbids his daughter to see someone he does not consider a gentleman. When there is unrest among the Indians, led by Cochise , Thursday ignores York\'s advice to treat the natives with honor and to remedy problems on the reservation caused by corrupt Indian agent Silas Meacham . Thursday\'s inability to deal with Meacham effectively, due to his rigid interpretation of Army regulations stating that Meacham is an agent of the United States government and therefore entitled to Army protection , coupled with Thursday\'s prejudicial and arrogant ignorance regarding the Apache drives the Indians to rebel. Eager for glory and recognition, Thursday orders his regiment into battle on Cochise\'s terms, a direct charge into the hills, despite York\'s urgent warnings that such a move would be suicidal. Thursday relieves York and orders him to stay back, replacing him with Captain Sam Collingwood ([[George O\'Brien . Following Thursday\'s orders, York spares the younger O\'Rourke from battle. Thursday\'s entire command is nearly wiped out, but a few soldiers manage to escape back to the ridge where Captain York is positioned. Thursday himself survives but then returns to die with the last of his trapped men. Cochise spares York and the rest of the detachment because he knows York to be an honorable man. Subsequently, now Lieutenant-Colonel Kirby York commands the regiment. Meeting with correspondents, he introduces Lt. O\'Rourke, now married to Philadelphia Thursday. A reporter asks Colonel York if he has seen the famous painting depicting "Thursday\'s Charge." York, about to command a new and arduous campaign to bring in the Apaches, while believing that Thursday was a poor tactician and foolhardedly led a suicidal charge, says it is completely accurate and then reminds the reporters that the soldiers will never be forgotten as long as the regiment lives.'] ["An ex-Confederate Army officer  named Lassiter revenging himself against Apache Indians who have massacred his family recovers a stolen U.S. Army repeating rifle off some Apaches he has killed. The U.S. Army arrests him, offering him his freedom if he leads a small clandestine scouting unit into Mexico consisting of an Army Captain , a Buffalo Soldier sergeant , a knife wielding Mexican prisoner, and later an Apache woman warrior . After blasting their way through bandits and Apaches they discover another former Confederate  has set up a new Confederate headquarters, and is selling guns to the Apaches, including the ones who slaughtered Lassiter's family."] ["The outlaws the girls find are the demoralised remnants of the Doolin-Dalton gang, led by the aging Bill Doolin . Annie , shames, and inspires the men, to become what she had imagined them to be. The younger sister Jenny , finds a father figure in Doolin, who calls her Little Britches. Doolin's efforts to live up to the girls' vision of him lead him to be carted off in a cage to an Oklahoma jail where he waits to be hanged. With the help of the girls, and the gang, Doolin gets out and rides off to safety with his men. The girls are triumphant, but they can't escape the Marshal , and are sent back East to a Massachusetts reformatory."] ["El Paso crop duster Scott Svenson accidentally flies his plane into a water tower across the Mexico border. By chance he spots a friend, Frank Bryant, in a car with a woman. Svenson then notices Bryant's face on a $50,000 reward poster. Since he must pay for the damage to the tower, Svenson offers to assist a local law enforcement official, Capt. Carbajal, in tracking down and capturing Bryant, whereupon they would split the reward. A posse is formed that includes Sgt. Lopez and two other men, Joaquin and young Luis, who dreams of becoming a bullfighter. Bryant and the woman, Sylvia, are tracked down, but Lopez now wants a percentage of the reward for his efforts. And as soon as Joaquin makes a decision to help Bryant and the woman escape, Lopez kills both Bryant and Joaquin. Luis tries to round up the remaining posse's horses, but dies in the attempt. Carbajal then is stricken with malaria and turns seriously ill. There is little left to do for Svenson and the woman except try to get back to town safely on foot."] ["Former brawler and womanizer Luke Fargo  returns from the American Civil War to his Southern hometown a greatly changed man. Following his traumatic experience at the Battle of Vicksburg, he has become a minister, intent on rebuilding the town's only church. He is greeted with disbelief by his friends, including Matty , and with outright hostility by the rest of the townsfolk, as he alone in his community had fought on the Union side. Particularly opposed to him is Yancey Huggins , who sees a threat to his iron-fisted control of the town. Fargo encounters two very different women from his past. Faded Southern belle Georgina Descrais , impoverished by the war, tries to revive their former romantic relationship, as does the local madam, Selma , but he rejects them both. Meanwhile, teenage orphan tomboy Lissy , who had been living in the parsonage, takes a strong liking to him. She continues residing there, which causes Fargo a great deal of trouble, as the townspeople, aroused by Huggins, suspect him of falling back on his old scandalous ways. He does not help matters when he reluctantly gambles on a Sunday with prosperous businessman Albert Loomis , winning a horse race and some lumber for the church, and is goaded into fighting Yancey's men. Finally, the bishop has to be called in to resolve the situation. He learns that Fargo, not knowing any better, had not been ordained. After hearing how much good Fargo has done in the community, the bishop makes him a real minister and then tries to get him to marry Lissy. When Fargo proves reluctant, the exasperated Lissy hands the bishop her rifle to prod the hesitant  groom."] ['Luke Twain is a drifter who finds a small settlement where everyone has been killed. Trying to do the right thing and solve the gruesome mystery, he finds himself taking a journey into fear and death.'] ['{{Expand section}} While Cahill  is away, his two sons Danny  and Billy  aid bank robber Fraser  and his gang. When Cahill returns, he and Comanche Lightfoot  pursue the gang.'] ["Following mistreatment by agency authorities, Ulzana breaks out of the San Carlos Indian Reservation with a small war party. Soon news reaches the local military commander, who sends messengers to local homesteads. Both are ambushed and killed; to avoid capture one kills the woman he is escorting and then himself. The warriors play catch with his heart. The woman's husband, who stayed behind, is captured and tortured to death. Army scout MacIntosh  is given the job of finding Ulzana  for a troop of soldiers led by an inexperienced Lieutenant Garnett DeBuin . Joining them on the mission is a veteran sergeant  and Apache scout Ke-Ni-Tay . Ke-Ni-Tay knows Ulzana, as their wives are sisters. The cavalry troop leaves Fort Lowell and soon finds evidence of the brutal activities of the Apache war party. The film then focuses on the soldiers' reality, facing a merciless enemy with far better local skills. We follow the lieutenant through his struggles with his Christian conscience and view of humanity. MacIntosh and Ke-Ni-Tay attempt to outthink and outfight their enemies, while advising the Lieutenant what to do. Ulzana and most of his men abandon their horses, led circuitously by two others in an attempt to tire the pursuers' heavily loaded mounts. Ke-Ni-Tay notices that the trail is now of unladen horses, and Macintosh works out a plan which leads to the loss of the horses and the death of their two Apache escorts, including Ulzana's son. The lieutenant prevents his men from mutilating the dead. The raiders attack a nearby farm, torturing the homesteaders and seizing two horses. McIntosh realizes that remaining Apaches physically and psychologically need horses and will try to obtain them by raiding the troop. The woman of the burned out farm, instead of being raped to death, has been left alive so that the cavalry will be forced to send her to the fort with an escort. By splitting the troop, Ulzana hopes to successfully attack the escort and seize its horses. McIntosh suggests a decoy plan to make Ulzana falsely believe that his tactics are successful. Ulzana's warriors ambush the small escort detachment, obtaining all of its horses and killing most of the soldiers before DeBuin can arrive with the rest of his force. McIntosh is fatally wounded. Ke-Ni-Tay scatters the captured horses as sounding bugle calls which alert Ulzana of his approach. Ulzana flees afoot as the remnants of his band are killed. Ke-Ni-Tay confronts him and shows him the Army bugle taken from the body of his son. Ulzana puts down his weapons and sings his death song before Ke-Ni-Tay kills him. The troopers suggest that Ulzana, or at least his head, should be taken back to the fort. The lieutenant orders him to be buried. MacIntosh knows he won't survive the journey back to the fort and chooses to stay behind."] ["When a group of gunmen are running sharecroppers off their land, rancher Andy Jones sends for his friend Billy Carson to organise the sharecroppers to fight. Andy is soon mortally wounded by the gunmen, but before his death schemes for his no good twin brother Fuzzy to be sent for to impersonate him. The gunmen, witnessing Andy's funeral fear that Fuzzy is Andy's avenging ghost."] [' Eastwood  and Van Cleef  portray two bounty hunters in pursuit of "El Indio" , one of the most wanted fugitives in the western territories, and his gang. Indio is a ruthless, intelligent man. He has a musical pocketwatch that he plays before engaging in gun duels. "When the chimes finish, begin", he says. Flashbacks reveal that the watch originates from a young woman , who killed herself while being raped by Indio after he had found her with her lover  and killed him. The watch bears a photo of the woman and was presented as a gift by the young man before being killed. Colonel Mortimer  illegally stops a train in Tucumcari, and soon after collects a bounty of $1,000 on Guy Calloway . Mortimer\'s gunslinging skill is displayed as he easily kills him from long distance. After collecting the bounty he inquires about Red "Baby" Cavanagh , who has a $2,000 bounty, and was last seen in White Rocks. Mortimer is told that Cavanagh has already been targeted by Eastwood\'s character, who is referred to as "Manco" . We see Manco ride into town and track down Cavanagh at a saloon playing five-card draw poker. Manco kills him and his men, and takes the bounty. Eventually, the two bounty hunters, after learning about each other from different sources, meet in El Paso and, after butting heads, decide to team up to take down Indio and his gang. Indio\'s primary goal is to rob the Bank of El Paso and its disguised safe containing "almost a million dollars." Mortimer persuades a reluctant Manco to join Indio\'s gang during the robbery in order to "get him between two fires." Manco is offered membership in the gang after rescuing one of Indio\'s friends from prison. When Indio robs the bank, he brings the gang and the money to the small border town of Agua Caliente, where Mortimer reunites with Manco. The hunchback Wild  recognizes the Colonel from a previous encounter in which the Colonel had deliberately insulted him and forces a showdown in which he is killed by the Colonel. The Colonel then proves his worth to Indio by cracking open the safe without using explosives, but Indio states his intention to wait a month if necessary to allow the furor over the bank robbery to die down and locks the money away. Manco and the Colonel plan to steal the bank money from Indio, but the bandits catch them in the act and severely beat them. Indio\'s right-hand man Nino , on orders from Indio, kills their guard and releases the bounty hunters. Indio informs his gang that they "got away", and sends them after the escaped bounty hunters. He intends to kill off his gang with the bounty killers while he and Nino take all the loot for themselves. However, the smarter Groggy  figures out what Indio is up to, and kills Nino. Before he can kill Indio, he finds that the Colonel has already removed the stolen money from where Indio had hidden it. Indio convinces Groggy to join forces with him to trap the bounty-killers.  The next morning, Manco and Mortimer shoot down the gang, one by one, in the streets of the town. Standing alone, Mortimer shoots Groggy when the outlaw tries to run for it, but then has his gun shot out of his hand by Indio, who then takes out his pocketwatch and begins playing it. As the chimes nears the end, Manco suddenly appears with an identical pocketwatch, playing the same tune as Indio\'s, which Mortimer realizes had been taken from him earlier. As this happens, Manco holds an 1854 Jennings Rifle Company Volcanic Rifle on Indio and gives his gunbelt and pistol to Mortimer, evening the odds. "Now we start", Manco announces and sits while Mortimer and Indio face off. During the standoff, Manco looks down at the pocketwatch and sees the same picture of the woman Indio had raped. The music finishes, and Mortimer outdraws and guns down Indio. At this juncture, Mortimer takes Indio\'s pocketwatch. Manco gives him back the other watch and remarks on a family resemblance; the Colonel replies, "Naturally, between brother and sister", indicating that the young woman\'s portrait was that of Mortimer\'s sister. His revenge complete, he decides to take no part of the bounty. As Manco tosses Indio\'s body into a wagon with the corpses of the rest of the gang and counts them by the reward for each one, he realizes he is short of the $27,000 total, and spins around to gun down Groggy who had survived and was sneaking up behind him to kill him. As he leaves, he recovers the money stolen from the Bank of El Paso, though it is not clear whether he intends to return it. He then rides off into the distance with his horse towing the wagon full of the lifeless bodies of the entire gang.'] ["Set in 1912 Mexico, an Arizona lawman named Lyedecker  travels to a remote village looking for Yaqui Joe , a half-Indian, half-white bank robber who has stolen $6,000  to buy rifles for his people who are being repressed by the government. Lyedecker isn't concerned with Yaqui Joe's cause of helping his tribe, and all he cares about is getting the money returned to a Phoenix bank within his jurisdiction.The two men escape to the hills where they are joined by Sarita , a beautiful Indian revolutionary. They eventually become allies and fight for the Indians. Taking over the leadership of the Yaquis, Lyedecker ambushes Verdugo's train while Sarita distracts the attention of the soldiers on board by taking a public shower."] ["During the last days of the Civil War, President Lincoln  selects Indian scout James Kingston  to facilitate a cattle shipment from Texas to the north. He is helped by cattle driver O’Roarke  and Maj. McGuire . Mexican fanatic Joaquin Jironza  wants the Henry Repeating Rifles that Kingston has. Embittered ex-rebel leader Lee Parker  is also an obstacle to Kingston's mission, as he tries to get the cattle through Apache territory."] ['Captain Tom Benson has been granted a furlough to bring his bride-to-be Martha back to Fort Abraham Lincoln and his Regiment, the 7th Cavalry. Benson is mystified when he sees the fort apparently deserted with the colours not flying. Exploring the vacant post he is met by the hysterical Charlotte Reynolds whose husband replaced Benson as commander of his "C" Company and was killed at the Battle of the Little Big Horn. Only a small group of misfits and guardhouse prisoners led by an old sergeant remain who have held a wake by drinking themselves into oblivion. Once the commands of Major Marcus Reno and Captain Frederick Benteen have returned, they and the widows hold Benson in contempt, not only for not being at the battle in command of his men, but what they perceived as George Custer\'s liking for him, Benson\'s non-West Point background, and his career as a gambler until commissioned into the Regiment. Martha\'s father Colonel Kellogg comes to the post to conduct a Board of Inquiry into Custer\'s actions that Benson sees as a smear against a man he admires who can not defend himself. Held in contempt by his Regiment, when the President of the United States orders the recovery of the slain officers and the burial of the cavalrymen who fell in the battle, Benson takes his misfits and military prisoners into Indian Territory to perform the task. The Indians have made the land sacred ground and do not want to see the enemies they respected taken away from their burial site. A standoff develops as the cavalry insist on leaving the battleground with the dead officers\' bodies. As the situation becomes tense a cavalryman is shot dead with an arrow whilst trying to escape. Then Custer\'s horse appears, surprising everyone with the fact that it has survived the battle that killed its master. The bugler blows the call to charge and the horse gallops towards the cavalry\'s position. The Indians are said to believe that Custer\'s spirit has returned and allow the cavalry to leave the field. Back at the camp Captain Benson is reconciled with his father-in-law.'] ['France in 1870: Napoleon III has just lost the war against Prussia and left the country in poverty. Young Jeanne  falls in love with photographer Francis , who soon takes her with him when he emigrates to America. In a small town in the still wild west, they build up a small photo shop. Meanwhile animal doctor David ([[James Caan  lives on his lonesome farm with his wife. It takes two years and two tragic accidents until Jeanne and David meet. Alone with a child, Jeanne has decided to return to France and is about to leave but then she and David silently and carefully fall in love for the second time in their lives and hope returns.'] ['In the 1880s, the Remington detective agency sends Tex Kinnane to Australia to track down a notorious gold robber and murderer called John Spengler. In Sydney, Tex makes friends with Baldy Muldoon and travels with him to the small town of Gold Star, where Baldy\'s wife runs the local saloon. Tex adopts a baby kangaroo and earns the name "Kangaroo Kid". He is hired as a stage coach driver and befriends barmaid Stella Grey, who offers to look after his kangaroo. Tex is challenged to a shooting match by local thugs Phil Romero and Robey, but Tex outshoots them, causing a fistfihgt. Sgt Jim Penrose warns him about his behaviour. Penrose visits his girlfriend, Mary, who says that her father, miner Steve Corbett, has been acting strangely since Tex arrived and wants to leave town. Vincent Moller, an American living in Australia for health reasons, plans to rob the stage coach with Crobett, Romero and Robey and implicate Tex. Corbett is reluctant to join in and Moller plans to kill him. Tex is driving the stage when it is held up by Romeo and Robey, who kill the guard and knock out Tex, leaving him in the bush. Sgt Jim Penrose is convinced he is guilty. He tracks down Tex and puts him in gaol for robbery and murder. Moller visits Tex and agrees to arrange his escape if he leaves the country quickly. This makes Tex suspicious. He escapes and proves that Moller is John Spengler. Tex takes Moller back to America but promises to return for Stella.{{cite news}}'] ["The story is about a large caravan of settlers in the very earliest days of the Oregon Trail, which from the early 1840s to 1869 was the main overland route from Missouri to the Pacific Northwest. Breck Coleman  is a young trapper who just got back to Missouri from his travels near Santa Fe, seeking to avenge the death of an old trapper friend who was killed the winter before along the Santa Fe Trail for his furs, by Red Flack  and his minion Lopez ([[Charles Stevens . At a large trading post owned by a man named Wellmore, Coleman sees Flack and suspects him right away as being one of the killers. Flack likewise suspects Coleman as being somebody who knows too much about the killing. Coleman is asked by a large group of settlers to scout their caravan west, and declines, until he learns that Flack and Lopez were just hired by Wellmore to boss a bull train along the as-yet-unblazed Oregon Trail to a trading post north of Oregon, owned by another Missouri fur trader. Coleman agrees to scout for the train, so he can keep an eye on the villains and kill them as soon as they reach their destination. The caravan of settlers in their Prairie schooners would follow Wellmore's ox-drawn train of Conestoga Wagons, as the first major group of settlers to move west on the Oregon Trail. The action takes place between 1837 and 1845.Ruth tells Honey Girl that there are 26 stars in the flag, dating the movie between Jan., 1837 and March 1845. This is historically accurate, as the first major wave of settlers on the Oregon Trail was in 1843 . Coleman finds love with young Ruth Cameron , whom he'd kissed accidentally, mistaking her for somebody else. Unwilling to accept her attraction toward him, Ruth gets rather close to a gambler acquaintances of Flack's, Thorpe , who joined the trail after being caught gambling. Coleman and Flack have to lead the settlers west, while Flack does everything he can to have Coleman killed before he finds any proof of what he'd done. The three villains' main reason for going west is to avoid the hangman's noose for previous crimes, and all three receive frontier justice instead. The settlers trail ends in the Willamette Valley of Oregon, where Coleman and Ruth finally settle down together amidst giant redwoods."] ['Jesse  and Frank James  ride with their gang into Northfield, Minnesota for a raid. While robbing a bank, gun fighting breaks out and two of the gang are killed. The James Brothers and another gang member head out of town and hide out while investigators from the Remington Detective Agency search for James to receive a $30,000 reward. While the three are hiding, the film tells the story of how the James Brothers came to be criminals in flashback.'] ['A parody of Westerns, it is set in the fictitious town of Stodge City . An outlaw known as The Rumpo Kid  arrives in town and quickly turns the quiet town into a base for his network of cattle rustlers and thieves, despite the limited protests of the inept Judge Burke , who is also the town\'s teetotaling mayor. When the inept sheriff, Albert Earp , is brought in, he is quickly dispatched by Rumpo. In Washington DC, Englishman Marshal P. Knutt , a "sanitation engineer first class", arrives in America in the hope of revolutionising the American sewage system. He accidentally walks into the office of the Commissioner, thinking it to be the Public Works Department, and is mistaken for the new US Peace Marshal for Stodge City. The Rumpo Kid hears of the new Marshal, and tries all he can to kill the Marshal without being caught, including sending out a pack of Indians, led by their Chief Big Heap ([[Charles Hawtrey  and hanging the Marshal after framing him for cattle rustling. Knutt is saved by the prowess of Annie Oakley , who has taken a liking to Knutt. Eventually, Knutt runs the Kid out of town, but once Rumpo discovers that Knutt really is a sanitary engineer and not the Peace Marshal he once thought, the Kid swears revenge, returning to Stodge City for a showdown, in an explicit parody of High Noon. By hiding beneath the manholes in the main street , Knutt kills off Rumpo\'s gang, but fails to capture Rumpo, who escapes with the aide of Belle , the local madam.'] ["Ross McEwen pulls an unusual bank job in the New Mexico town of Santa Maria, taking the banker Frenger with him, then letting him go a few miles away, minus boots but with an I.O.U. for the $2,000 he robbed. Pat Garrett, the new marshal, will try to catch the thief, as will bounty hunters after Frenger's reward offer of $3,000. McEwen is bitten by a rattlesnake before he can board a train, where he is helped by a couple of passengers, Monte Marquez, a gambler, and Fay Hollister, a nurse. The train tracks are washed out near Albuquerque, so the small group goes off alone via a route used to deliver mail. Fay finds out a posse from Santa Maria is after a wanted man and recalls that's where McEwen came on board. But he and she have developed an attraction. When they reach an Alamogordo saloon that Marquez's cousins run, a cattleman named Burnett is willing to take on McEwen as a hired hand. Garrett and deputy Clint Waters come to town, so McEwen must leave but offers her an engagement ring. Fay rides along, but ends up separated and captured by Garrett's men. After crossing the desert with difficulty, McEwen comes across a Mexican rancher named Florencio's family that is ill. He stays to help and starts a fire to signal the lawmen, needing their assistance. Marquez gets there along with Garrett and Fay, but because Florencio is another relative of his, pretends that McEwen is a total stranger. Garrett isn't fooled, though, and McEwen is convinced to turn himself in, the marshal promising to vouch for his good deed."] ['  A family led by Zebulon Prescott  sets out for the frontier west via the Erie Canal, the “west” at this time being the Illinois country. On the journey, they meet mountain man Linus Rawlings  who is traveling east to Pittsburgh to trade his furs. He and Zebulon\'s daughter Eve  are attracted to each other, but Linus is not ready to settle down. Linus stops at an isolated trading post run by a murderous clan of river pirates headed by "Colonel" Hawkins . Linus is betrayed when he accompanies pretty Dora Hawkins  into a cave to see a "varmint". She stabs him in the back and pushes him into a deep hole. Fortunately, he is not seriously wounded, and is able to rescue the Prescott party from a similar fate. The bushwhacking thieves , including Dora, are dispatched with rough frontier justice. After burning the thieves\' bodies in a massive funeral pyre  and praying to God for the salvation of the thieves\' souls "whether You want \'em or not", the settlers continue down the river, but their raft is caught in rapids and Zebulon and his wife Rebecca  drown. Linus, finding that he cannot live without Eve, reappears and marries her, even though she insists on homesteading at the spot where her parents died.   Eve\'s sister Lilith  chooses to go to St. Louis, where she finds work performing in a dance hall. She attracts the attention of professional gambler Cleve Van Valen . After overhearing that she has just inherited a California gold mine, and to avoid paying his debts to another gambler , Cleve joins the wagon train taking her there. He and wagonmaster Roger Morgan ([[Robert Preston  court her along the way, but she turns them both down, much to the dismay of her new friend and fellow traveler Agatha Clegg , who is searching for a husband. Surviving an attack by Cheyenne Indians, Lilith and Cleve arrive at the mine, only to find that it is now worthless. Cleve leaves. Lilith returns to work in a dance hall in a literal "Camp Town," living out of a covered wagon. Morgan finds her and again proposes marriage in a rather unromantic way. She tells him, "No, not ever." Later, Lilith is singing in the music salon of a riverboat. By chance, Cleve is a passenger. When he hears Lilith\'s voice, he leaves the poker table  to propose to her, telling her of the opportunities waiting in the rapidly growing city of San Francisco. She accepts.   Linus joins the Union army as a captain in the American Civil War. Despite Eve\'s wishes, their son Zeb  eagerly enlists as well, looking for glory and an escape from farming. Corporal Peterson  assures them the conflict won\'t last very long. The bloody Battle of Shiloh shows Zeb that war is nothing like he imagined and, unknown to him, his father Linus dies there. He encounters a similarly disillusioned Confederate  who suggests deserting, to which Zeb agrees. However, by chance, they overhear a private conversation between Generals Ulysses S. Grant  and William Tecumseh Sherman . The rebel realizes he has the opportunity to rid the South of two of its greatest enemies and tries to shoot them, leaving Zeb no choice but to stab and kill him. Afterwards, Zeb rejoins the army. When the war finally ends, he returns home, only to find his mother has died. She had lost the will to live after learning that Linus had been killed. Zeb gives his share of the family farm to his brother, who is more tied to the land, and leaves in search of a more interesting life.   Following the daring riders from the Pony Express and the construction of the transcontinental telegraph line in the late 1860s, two ferociously competing railroad lines, the Central Pacific Railroad and the Union Pacific Railroad, one building west and the other east, open up new territory to eager settlers. Zeb becomes a lieutenant in the U.S. cavalry, trying to maintain peace with the Indians with the help of grizzled buffalo hunter Jethro Stuart , an old friend of Linus. When ruthless railroad man Mike King  violates a treaty by building on Indian territory, the Arapaho Indians retaliate by stampeding buffalo through his camp, killing many, including women and children. Disgusted, Zeb resigns and heads to Arizona. An entire subplot starring Hope Lange as Jethro Stuart\'s daughter, a love interest of Zeb, was edited out.   In San Francisco, widowed Lilith\'s auctions off her possessions  to pay her debts. She travels to Arizona, inviting Zeb and his family to oversee her remaining asset, a ranch. Zeb , his wife Julie  and their children meet Lilith at Gold City\'s train station. However, Zeb also runs into an old enemy there, outlaw Charlie Gant . It is revealed that Zeb killed Gant\'s brother in a gunfight. When Gant makes veiled threats against Zeb and his family, Zeb turns to his friend and Gold City\'s marshal, Lou Ramsey , but Gant is not wanted for anything in that territory, so there is little Ramsey can do. Zeb decides he has to act rather than wait for Gant to make good his threat to show up someday. Suspecting Gant of planning to rob an unusually large gold shipment being transported by train, he prepares an ambush with Ramsey\'s reluctant help. Gant and his entire gang  are killed in the shootout. In the end, Lilith and the Rawlings family travel to their new home. A short epilogue shows modern Los Angeles and San Francisco in the early 1960s, including the famous four-level downtown freeway interchange and Golden Gate Bridge, indicating the growth of the West in 80 years.'] ['In 1885, Molly Wood  leaves the security  of Connecticut to be a schoolteacher in frontier Wyoming. On arrival, she becomes frightened by a spooked steer, and is "rescued" by the Virginian , only to discover the animal is so mild, it is a little girl\'s pet. As a result, she takes a strong dislike to the cowboy. He, on the other hand, is smitten with her. When Trampas  voices his scurrilous speculation as to why she came west, the Virginian confronts him and forces him, at gunpoint, to take it back. Mr. and Mrs. Taylor  put Molly up in their old home. The Virginian starts courting her, much against her will initially. Steve Andrews , a friend the Virginian has not seen in three years, is also interested in her. Eventually, she warms to the Virginian, but her feelings for him are not as strong and certain as his are for her. Meanwhile, families are being driven away by the depredations of cattle rustlers. The Virginian suspects Trampas is the ringleader, but has no proof. When he sees Steve becoming friendly to Trampas, he warns his easygoing friend to keep better company. Before setting out on a long cattle drive, the Virginian tells Molly she will have to decide by the time he returns whether they have a future together. On the trail, Trampas and his men start a stampede, using the distraction to steal a couple of hundred animals. Afterward, the Virginian fears that Steve has been killed, but he in fact is working with Trampas. Judge Henry , whose cattle were taken, persuades the Virginian to lead a posse. When they find the rustlers, one is killed when he tries to draw his gun, and two others surrender. The Virginian catches Steve as he is sneaking away; Steve says no one would know if his friend were to let him go, but the Virginian takes him back to join the others. Trampas, however, gets away. The next day, the three rustlers are hanged. When the Virginian goes after Trampas, he is shot in the back. Molly tends him during the months of recovery. However, when she learns that he had to hang his own friend, she decides to return east. Andy (an uncredited [[James Burke , the stagecoach driver, makes her see that she is in love with the Virginian. She finally agrees to marry the cowboy. Just before their wedding, Trampas shows up to settle matters with the Virginian, telling him to leave town by sundown or else. Molly pleads with her fiance to do just that, but the Virginian has no choice. He arms himself with the revolver Steve had left him, and the two men stalk each other. Trampas spots the Virginian first, and is about to ambush him, when he startles a horse. Warned, the Virginian manages to kill Trampas. The Virginian and Molly then ride off into the sunset.'] ['Luke, an escaped convict, and Jaroo, a loner gold prospector, team up with a band of Apache Indians in 19th century Mexico to capture a large, heavily armed fortress for the millions -- or billions -- of dollars in gold that are rumored to be stored within.IMDb'] ['Jonathon Tibbs, son of a family of English gunsmiths, has no interest in the business and prefers inventing gadgets, in particular a steam-powered horseless carriage. Threatened with disinheritance if he does not report for work, he discovers that the company is not doing very well, and concludes that someone must expand their sales. He reads in his newspaper about the wide use of guns in the American West of the 1880s, and decides to go there himself to sell firearms to the locals. He ends up at the small lawless town of Fractured Jaw and inadvertently acquires a reputation for quickness on the draw, due to his wrist-mounted Derringer style weapon. He is innocently drawn into a range war between the "Box T" and "Lazy S" cattle outfits, both of whom claim sole water rights and, when he proves able to stand up to their hired gunmen, is appointed sheriff. He endeavours to clean up the town using what skills he has, and by multilateral diplomacy. He attracts the support of Miss Kate, a blonde bombshell hotel owner, who helps him to fight off the hired guns of both cattle ranches, who all want him dead. Earning the respect of the local Indian tribe, he becomes a blood brother of theirs, under the name of \'Fleet Iron Hat\'. When he and Kate are besieged by the gunmen of both outfits, they come to his rescue and help to arrest the men. The two ranch owners eventually offer a deal to maintain the peace and share the water rights. With relative peace restored, Jonathon decides to remain in Fractured Jaw, becomes an American citizen and marries Kate.'] ['The husband of Laura Breckenridge has stolen $200,000 from a Denver mint. To return the money and clear her name, she offers Sam Whiskey a $20,000 reward to recover it. Sam brings along a blacksmith, Jedidiah Hooker, and an inventor, O.W. Bandy, on his quest, trailed by a villain called Fat Henry who wants the loot for himself. They create a false bust of George Washington made of gold that fools Fat Henry and are able to claim the $20,000, which Sam gratefully splits with his partners.'] ['Joe Thanks  is a genius conman. He conducts various schemes with his two friends: Half-breed Steam Engine Bill  and his girlfriend Lucy . Lucy loves both men, and they in turn both vie for her affection. Joe formulates an extremely elaborate plan to steal $300,000 from Major Cabot , an Indian-hating cavalry man, and in doing so save the Indian land he is trying to steal. Every time the plan seems to be failing, Joe has another trick up his sleeve. The movie climaxes with a stagecoach chase and a gigantic explosion.'] ["In Mexico at the turn of the 20th century, a beautiful cowgirl named T.J. Breckenridge  hosts a struggling rodeo. Her former fiancé Tuck Kirby , a heroic former stuntman working for Buffalo Bill's Wild West show, wants to buy her out. Along the way, he is followed by a Mexican boy named Lope , who intends to join the rodeo on a quest for fame and fortune. T.J. has an ace she hopes will boost attendance at her show - a tiny horse. Tuck meets a British paleontologist named Horace Bromley , who was working in a nearby Mexican desert. Bromley shows Tuck fossilized horse tracks, which Tuck notices to be similar to T.J.'s horse's feet. So Tuck sneaks Bromley in for a peek. Bromley declares the horse to be an Eohippus. The tiny horse came from a place known as the Forbidden Valley. A Gypsy known as Tia Zorina  claims that it has a curse, and demands that it must be returned. Later, a group of thieves  collaborate with Bromley to steal the horse and release it in the valley. Bromley collaborates in the hopes of following the horse to its home. But Carlos , once a member of the Gypsy tribe now working for T.J.'s circus , walks in on the theft and tries to stop it, but is knocked out. Tuck arrives just as the Gypsy posse leaves. He sees Carlos as he begins reviving, notices the horse is missing, and sets off after it and Bromley. When T.J. and her crew discover Carlos and that the horse is missing, Carlos claims Tuck has stolen it. T.J. then leads a group of cowboys after Tuck and Bromley to retrieve the horse. Making their way into the Forbidden Valley, Tuck, T.J., and the rest of the group meet up and soon discover why the valley is said to be cursed as a Pteranodon swoops down and snatches Lope. After Carlos kills the Pteranodon, they spot an Ornithomimus, a small dinosaur which they chase after in the hopes of capturing it. Just as the ornithomimus is about to escape, it is killed by Gwangi, a vicious Allosaurus which pursues the group, almost finding and eating Bromley. However, a Styracosaurus appears and drives Gwangi away. Later, Gwangi pursues the people to their base camp, where it is able to get the best of them, until they begin to rope it down. Then, the Styracosaurus reappears and battles Gwangi. Gwangi emerges victorious, but decides to attack the men again. Gwangi manages to catch and kill Carlos, but knocks itself out while trying to exit the valley in pursuit of the rest of the group. Securing the creature, they take it back to town where it is to be put on display in T.J.'s show. However, on opening night, one of the Gypsies sneaks in and begins to unlock Gwangi's cage in an effort to free it. Instead the unfortunate man is killed and Gwangi breaks free. Bromley is crushed by a broken piece of the cage, and Gwangi attacks and kills a circus elephant . The crowd stampedes away from the arena; in the chaos, Tia Zorina is trampled and killed. Eventually, Gwangi, Tuck, T.J. and Lope end up in a cathedral which catches on fire. After some close calls, Tuck and T.J. manage to escape and lock the door behind them, trapping Gwangi in the burning building, which crumbles around it. Roaring in agony, Gwangi dies in the fire as Tuck, Lope, T.J., and the townspeople look on. Tuck, having killed Gwangi, becomes a town hero; however, the townspeople are also saddened by the thought of a magnificent creature like Gwangi dying such a horrible death, and by the loss of life caused by Gwangi's rampage."] ["As America recovers from the Civil War, Paul Cable  returns home to Texas after being away from his family for years while fighting for the Confederacy. His wife, Martha , is a pretty but strong-willed frontier woman, whose independence makes her a force in and of herself. She had been told that he was killed in action. Upon her husband's unexpected return, she once again devotes herself to being his wife, but resents him for having left her and their children behind to fight a war she didn't care to understand. Despite having loved each other since childhood and being married, Paul and Martha are now like strangers to each other, and the tension between them is evident. During his absence, their youngest daughter died from a fever, and Martha, having borne that without him, has developed a hatred for her husband. Her father, James Sanford , scolds her for her attitude toward Cable, but she stands her ground, never backing down from her stance on the subject. Her father knows her well, and subsequently leaves the subject alone. Cable decides he will return to Arizona and reclaim the ranch he owns there. The family members, consisting of Paul, Martha, and their daughter and son, load up their belongings, bid farewell to Martha's father, and make their way to Arizona. While en route, they come into contact with Lorraine Kidston , the beautiful ramrod cowgirl daughter of rancher Duane Kidston . During the night, horses headed by her men accidentally stampede through the Cables' camp, leading Paul and Martha to scold the men. Lorraine agrees that her men were foolish to run the horses at night, and scolds them. Through this interaction, the cowhands and Lorraine learn that the man in front of them is, in fact, Paul Cable. They had been told that he was dead, and since then, her father has assumed control of Cable's ranch. Lorraine's father, Duane Kidston, is a former Union Army soldier, as is his brother Vern . They have little use for former Confederates, and feel that Cable's ranch now belongs to them. Upon reaching the ranch, Cable confronts the Kidston men staying in his house. However, when one man attempts to draw on Cable, he is shot and killed by Martha Cable, who is in the dark shadows. The shooting leads to an ongoing feud between Paul Cable and the Kidston men, during which several of Kidston's hired guns are killed by Cable. Vern and Lorraine Kidston, however, begin to sympathize with the Cables, feeling it is better to simply return the ranch to them and let things be. Duane disagrees, but relents to his daughter and brother's wishes. In the end, the real threat to the Cables' new life in Arizona does not come from the Kidstons, but from a one-armed Confederate sympathizer and former soldier, Edward Janroe , who kills Duane, an event for which Cable is blamed. Despite everything pointing to Cable as Duane's killer, not even Duane's brother Vern believes it. Janroe kidnaps Cable's daughter as security during an illegal gun transaction with Mexican bandits. Cable and Vern team up and chase down Janroe, killing him, then get involved in a shootout with the bandits. Cable eventually asks Vern to take his daughter out of harm's way, which Vern does. Cable then takes on the remaining bandits alone, with them eventually just deciding to take the guns from Janroe's wrecked wagon and leave. Cable returns home wounded, where he is nursed by Martha, who has finally learned to accept him as he is. She decides to forgive him, forget all the animosity between them, and love her husband again."] ['Lalu  is a young and fluently smart Chinese woman who is sold by her impoverished family and transported against her will to the American Old West, shortly after the Civil War. Upon her arrival in California, she meets Jim , a Chinese "wife trader" who sells her to Hong King , a successful Chinese merchant who lives in a rural Idaho mining town. The two set off on the long journey to Idaho and eventually strike up a friendship along the way. When they finally arrive in the rough, isolated town, she is distraught to discover that she is not going to be Hong King\'s wife. Instead, she is to work in his saloon as his newest prostitute under a new name, "China Polly." She is further dismayed when Jim abruptly disappears, leaving her to fend for herself. The following night, when Hong King tries to sell her virtue to the highest bidder, Lalu violently refuses to submit to her would-be suitors and successfully avoids becoming a prostitute, thanks in part to the intervention of a kind stranger, Charlie Bemis , who turns out to be Hong King\'s Caucasian partner. She placates a furious Hong King and convinces him to allow her to be his servant and saloon maid in order to repay the cost of her purchase. Hong King agrees to let her buy her freedom for the impossible sum of a thousand pieces of gold. Polly, as Lalu comes to be known, endures great hardship. At one point she is sexually assaulted by Hong King. However, she refuses to give up. She works hard and makes friends with the local townspeople. She also grows closer to Charlie, who begins to fall deeply in love with her. Meanwhile, Hong King is beset with financial problems and decides to sell Polly to the highest bidder. In a rare stroke of luck, Charlie wins her in a game of poker. She moves in with him but insists they remain platonic and keep separate quarters. Jim comes back and wants her to be with him but he then leaves her again when he finds out that she is living with Charlie. The "white demons" begin to run out the Chinese people from their town so it will be a purely white town and the Chinese will stop getting all of the gold. Polly works in many jobs for herself and saves money to go back to China and her family but she ultimately ends up falling in love with Charlie. She marries him and lives the rest of her life with him in a different area so she would not be harassed by the white demons anymore.'] ['A fictionalized account of the life of William F. "Buffalo Bill" Cody. A hunter and Army Scout in the early part of his life, he rescues a US Senator and his beautiful daughter, Louisa Frederici. Cody is portrayed as someone who admires and respects the Indians and is a good friend of Yellow Hand who will eventually become Chief of the Cheyenne. Everyone else, including the military, politicians and businessmen on the other hand hate the Indians and are perfectly prepared to trample on their lands and destroy their buffalo hunting grounds. He\'s eventually forced to fight the Cheyenne however. He\'s also met a writer, Ned Buntline, who writes about Cody\'s exploits and he becomes a sensation when he travels East. His career is not assured however, particularly when he attacks those in positions of authority over their maltreatment of the Native American population. He eventually establishes his wild west show that becomes an international sensation.{{cite web}}'] ["In the film's opening scene, two off-duty soldiers exploring the desert shooting range near their Army base find a partially buried human skeleton. Sam Deeds ([[Chris Cooper , the Sheriff of Rio County, is called to the scene and arranges for a forensic examination. It soon appears that the remains are those of Charlie Wade , who had been sheriff forty years earlier. Wade, a notoriously corrupt and violent man, had disappeared after a public confrontation with Buddy Deeds , Sam's late father and one of Wade's deputies. Buddy Deeds succeeded Wade as sheriff and was a popular and respected civic leader until his death 30 years later. It was on the strength of Buddy's reputation that Sam later became sheriff, although it is clear that Sam's relationship with his father was a tense one. The county's new courthouse is about to be named in honor of Buddy Deeds in a public ceremony. Now it falls to Sam to investigate the killing of Wade, in which Buddy may have been involved. Some of the older residents of Rio County, who knew both Charlie Wade and Buddy Deeds, warn Sam that investigating Wade's death may uncover things that are best left hidden. Despite these warnings Sam continues his investigation. In the process, he reconnects with a former high school sweetheart, Pilar Cruz , now a widow and schoolteacher with two teenage children. Buddy and Pilar's mother, Mercedes Cruz, had forbidden the relationship when they were teenagers; Sam and Pilar had assumed that racial prejudice was the reason, although Buddy had always enjoyed cordial relations with the county's Mexican population. In a flashback scene, it is revealed that Mercedes was widowed when her husband Eladio Cruz was shot by Wade for smuggling illegal Mexican immigrants, as Wade and Hollis were performing what Hollis assumed was routine questioning on a rural county road that was frequently used to smuggle Mexicans into Rio County. Sam is convinced that Buddy killed Charlie Wade, but after a discussion with Otis Payne, a local bar owner, and Hollis, the current mayor and a former deputy for both Wade and Buddy, it is revealed that Buddy and Hollis both shot Charlie to prevent him from murdering Otis. The reason for Mercedes' dislike of Sam are revealed when Sam realizes that Buddy and Pilar's mother, Mercedes, had an affair that resulted in Buddy fathering Pilar. Sam also discovers that Buddy stole $10,000 from Rio County and bought Mercedes the local Mexican food restaurant and covered it up by saying that Wade had taken the money and left town for good. In the end, Sam and Pilar decide to continue their relationship in spite of knowing they are half-siblings. Although the film is a murder mystery, interwoven within it are several other stories, each of which helps to reveal the complexities of ethnic relations within the town. :Delmore Payne , the new commander of the local army base, must come to terms with his father Otis Payne  who abandoned him and his son  who does not wish to follow him into the Army. :Mercedes Cruz , a prominent member of the Hispanic community, is forced to deal with a past that she thought was long forgotten."] ['Warlock is a small Utah mining town of the early 1880s. A group of local cowboys led by Abe McQuown  often comes into town to shoot the place up, kill on just a whim, and beat up and humiliate any lawman who tries to stand up to them. The Citizens\' Committee decides to hire Clay Blaisedell , a renowned gunfighter, as town marshal in spite of the misgivings of some, such as old Judge Holloway  who insists that the situation should be handled within the law . Blaisedell is famous for his golden-handled guns. Blaisedell arrives with his devoted friend, Tom Morgan , his hero-worshiping, club footed, right-hand, who is no slouch with a gun himself. Morgan has a reputation as a heavy drinking gambler, but Blaisedell insists that Morgan is part of the package. They even take over the local saloon and rename it the "French Palace" . Their first encounter with McQuown\'s men is without bloodshed, though the cowboys are humiliated and one of them, Johnny Gannon , stays behind. He has been put off by the gang\'s activities for some time now and resolves to be more law-abiding. Some time later Morgan learns that his old flame, Lily Dollar , is coming to town on the stagecoach, and she is accompanied by Bob Nicholson , brother of Big Ben Nicholson, who was recently killed by Blaisedell. Lily had left Morgan for Big Ben and knows that Morgan pushed Ben into challenging Blaisedell, who killed him as a result. Morgan sets out to meet the stagecoach which is being ambushed by some of McQuown\'s men as he watches from a distance. He takes advantage of the situation to kill Bob Nicholson unseen. Lily arrives in town and sees Morgan there. She believes that he pulled the trigger, although this is based on intuition rather than evidence. The robbers are arrested, sent to Bright City for trial, and subsequently cleared by a jury intimidated by McQuown. In the meantime, the Bright City sheriff, who disapproves of Blaisedell, appoints Johnny Gannon as official deputy. Although he was once a thug himself, Gannon takes his law enforcement duties seriously. The scene is set for a number of confrontations between Gannon, Morgan, Blaisedell, and the McQuown gang. Wanting revenge for their arrests, the released robbers, led by Johnny Gannon\'s brother Billy , go to Warlock to confront Blaisedell and Morgan. The deputy urgently asks them to leave, and tells Billy, "I ain\'t backin\' him, because you\'re my brother, and I ain\'t backin\' you, because you\'re wrong." The outlaws proceed to provoke Blaisedell, and he kills two, including Billy. Soon after, the remaining outlaws try to give themselves legitimacy by posting notices declaring themselves "regulators," mocking Blaisedell\'s quasi-legal status as hired marshal in a town where a sheriff and deputies theoretically enforce the law. What is more, some of the inhabitants are getting tired of Blaisedell and Morgan, something which, based on previous experience, the pair had predicted would happen. Blaisedell, however, has started a relationship with local girl Jessie Marlow  and decides to marry and settle down, much to the surprise of Morgan, who wants to move on to another town and insists that Clay is nothing without him. Gannon, with some assistance from townsfolk, unexpectedly manages to break up the gang without the help of Blaisedell, who was kept away from the fight at gunpoint by Morgan. It appears that Warlock has outgrown its need for the two gunfighters, but Morgan cannot tolerate the idea that Gannon is now more of a hero than Blaisedell. In the course of an argument, Blaisedell learns the truth about the deaths of the Nicholson brothers, and turns his back on Morgan, who resorts to drinking. That evening, in a drunken state, Morgan shoots up the town and calls for Gannon, but the deputy is locked into his own cell by Blaisedell who insists that "Tom Morgan\'s my responsibility". Morgan has insisted that he was always covering Blaisedell\'s back in almost all their confrontations with their enemies, and that he is the better gunman. To prove his point he shoots off Blaisedell\'s hat, and the other, on instinct, shoots back, killing Morgan. Satisfied that Blaisedell is a hero again, Morgan\'s dying words are "I won, Clay, I won!" The grief-stricken Blaisedell carries his friend\'s body into the saloon which, to the sound of thunder in the sky, he burns down, giving Morgan a "Viking funeral". The humiliated Gannon tells Blaisedell that he will arrest him in the morning if he does not leave town. After what has happened, Blaisedell can\'t face staying in Warlock and decides to leave anyway. Jessie, however, won\'t accompany him. She insists that she is no Tom Morgan. Lily Dollar, for her part, looks as if she takes little satisfaction in finally getting her revenge. She has in the meantime taken up with Gannon. The next day Gannon and Blaisedell face one another, the latter wearing his famous golden-handled guns. Blaisedell outdraws Gannon, but then throws his guns into the sand, smiles at Gannon, mounts his horse, and leaves town.'] ['At Fort King, Florida, in 1835, Lt. Lance Caldwell is charged with the murder of a sentry. At his court martial, he recounts the story of the fragile peace between the settlers and the native Seminole Indians and how that peace is threatened by the strict fort commander, Maj. Harlan Degan who wants to wipe out the natives. Caldwell’s childhood sweetheart, Revere Muldoon, meets with Osceola, a Seminole chief and old friend of Lt. Caldwell’s. Through respect for Caldwell, Osceola comes to the fort under a flag of truce, but is imprisoned by Maj. Degan. Osceola dies whilst in captivity and Caldwell is accused of his murder and jailed. Eventually the truth comes out and the Seminole Indians rescue Caldwell from his prison.'] ["Around the beginning of the twentieth century, a gambler named John McCabe arrives in the town of Presbyterian Church , in the northwest United States. He quickly takes a dominant position over the town's simple-minded and lethargic miners, thanks to his aggressive personality and rumors that he is a gunfighter. As the town becomes richer and more successful, a pair of agents from the Harrison Shaughnessy mining company in Bearpaw arrive to buy out McCabe's business as well as the surrounding zinc mines. Shaughnessy is notorious for having people killed when they refuse to sell. McCabe doesn't want to sell at their initial price, but he overplays his hand in the negotiations in spite of Mrs. Miller's warnings that he is underestimating the violence that will ensue if they don't take the money."] ["An expensive prize bull is bought at an auction by Charles Ellsworth , who has come to purchase stock for the wealthy Texas rancher Alexander Bowen . Sam Burnett  is hired to transport the bull to Bowen's ranch. Martha Price , the bull's original owner, is told by daughter Hilary  about a conversation she overheard between Burnett and two men working for competing rancher John Taylor . Burnett has made a deal with Taylor to kidnap the bull. One of Taylor's men, Deke Simons , gets into a fight with Burnett in the saloon. Price, witnessing the brawl, comes to trust Burnett. They and her daughter travel cross country to transport the bull. One night while Price and Burnett are brewing coffee over the campfire, a shot knocks over the coffee pot. Burnett knows this is a signal from Taylor's men. Just before dawn, Hilary catches Burnett as he is about to hand over the bull. He denies her accusations, waking her mother to prove he was innocent. Once again, Price gives Burnett the benefit of the doubt. Taylor's men find a fence which has been hacked through to make way for Price's wagon. They conclude that Burnett must have double-crossed them. Simons, determined to catch up with Burnett, shoots a companion and rides on after the wagon. In a canyon, Burnett runs into Jamie Bowen , Alexander's son, who has stolen a herd of his father's longhorn cattle and is running away to start his own ranch. Simons catches up and shoots a cowhand, setting off a stampede. Jamie tries to escape but falls in the path of the charging cattle. Battered and unconscious, Jamie is carried by Burnett back to the wagon. Simons is there holding Price and her daughter hostage. Simons demands the money that Burnett was paid by Taylor for the bull. Simons also demands Price's money, but while distracted, Burnett is able to take his rifle. Simons mounts and gallops away. Burnett follows. As horses collide, Simons falls onto a sharp rock and is killed instantly. Burnett returns with the money, but Price berates him for his dishonesty and the trouble he has caused. After a few days of travelling with Bowen's son in tow, they reach their destination, his father's ranch."] ["The film depicts the Battle of the Alamo and the events leading up to it. Sam Houston leads the forces fighting for Texas independence and needs time to build an army. The opposing Mexican forces, led by General Santa Anna, are numerically stronger and also better armed and trained. Nevertheless, the Texans have spirit and morale remains generally high. Lieutenant Colonel William Travis is tasked with defending the Alamo, a former mission just outside San Antonio. Jim Bowie arrives with reinforcements, and the defenders dig in. Meanwhile, Davy Crockett arrives in San Antonio with a company of men from Tennessee. Crockett meets with Travis, and after Travis informs him of the direness of the situation, Crockett and his men join forces with the Alamo garrison. Santa Anna's armies arrive and surround the fort. The siege begins. Santa Anna demands surrender; Travis replies with a cannon shot. In a nighttime raid, the Texans sabotage the Mexicans' biggest cannon. The Texans maintain high hopes as they are told a strong force led by Colonel James Fannin is on its way to break the siege. Crockett, however, sensing an imminent attack, sends one of his younger men, Smitty, to ask Houston for help. Crockett knows this will perhaps save Smitty's life. The Mexicans attack in a frontal assault on the Alamo. The defenders hold out and kill hundreds of charging Mexican soldiers, further boosting morale, although the Texans' own losses are not insignificant. Bowie sustains a leg wound. Morale drops when Travis tells his men that the Fannin's reinforcements have been ambushed and slaughtered by the Mexicans. Travis chooses to stay with his command and defend the Alamo, but he gives the other defenders the option of leaving. Crockett, Bowie and their men prepare to leave, but a speech of encouragement by Travis convinces them to stay and fight to the end. On the thirteenth day of the siege, Santa Anna's artillery bombards the Alamo and kills or wounds several Texans. The entire Mexican army sweeps forward, attacking on all sides. The defenders kill dozens of charging Mexicans, but the attack is overwhelming. The Mexicans blast a hole in the Alamo wall and soldiers swarm through. Travis tries to rally the men but is shot and killed. Crockett leads the Texans in the final defense of the fort. The Mexicans take heavy losses, but swarm through and overwhelm the Texans. The Texans retreat to their final defensive positions. Crockett is killed in the chaos when he is run through by a lance and then blown up as he ignites the powder magazine. Bowie, in bed with his wound, kills several Mexicans but is bayoneted and dies. As the last Texan is killed, the Mexican soldiers discover the hiding place of the wife and child of Texan defender Captain Dickinson. The battle is over and the Mexicans have won. Santa Anna observes the carnage and provides safe passage for Mrs. Dickinson and her child. Smitty returns too late, watching from a distance. He takes off his hat in respect and then escorts Mrs. Dickinson away from the battlefield. The subplot follows the conflict existing among the strong-willed personalities of Travis, Bowie and Crockett. Travis stubbornly defends his decisions as commander of the garrison against the suggestions of the other two - particularly Bowie with whom the most bitter conflict develops- as well as trying to maintain discipline amongst a force made up primarily of independent-minded frontiersmen and settlers. Crockett, well liked by both Bowie and Travis, eventually becomes a mediator between the other two as Bowie constantly threatens to withdraw his men rather than deal with Travis. Despite their personal conflicts, all three learn to subordinate their differences and in the end bind themselves together in an act of bravery to defend the fort against inevitable defeat."] ["Harry's bride is murdered at their wedding, and the good-hearted outlaw turns grimly malevolent. One by one he stalks his wife's killers, dispatching them all until he finally sets his sights, mistakenly, on Sheriff Gale Thurman. The lawman bests Harry and keeps him hiding outside town in the wilderness. Straying into the same wilderness, the Sheriff's girlfriend is first overtaken by highwaymen, then rescued by Harry, only to be taken captive by Harry when he realizes who she is. At first threatening to harm the girl, Harry slowly falls in love with her, all while hostile Apaches attempt to kill them both. By the time the Sheriff tracks them down, a full-scale assault is under way, and the two men join forces. Harry realizes the Sheriff's innocence, but it is too late: the lawman is dead from his battle wounds, but he has saved his girlfriend - and Harry."] ['Vonetta McGee plays Thomasine and Julien plays Bushrod in a film intended as a counterpart to the 1967 film Bonnie and Clyde. Thomasine and Bushrod go on a crime spree through the American south between 1911 and 1915, acting as Robin Hood type heroes who steal from rich, white capitalists, then give to Mexicans, Native Americans and poor whites.'] ['Elvis Presley stars as Native American rodeo rider Joe Lightcloud, a Navajo whose family still lives on the reservation. He returns to the reservation in a white Cadillac convertible with which he proceeds to drive cattle. Joe persuades his Congressman ([[Douglas Henderson  to give him 20 heifers and a prize bull so he and his father  can prove that the Navajos can successfully raise cattle on the reservation. If their experiment is successful, then the government will help all the Navajo people. But Joe\'s friend, Bronc Hoverty  accidentally barbecues the prize bull, while Joe sells the heifers to buy plumbing and other home improvements for his stepmother, Annie Lightcloud . Joe is able to borrow a bull, Dominick, but the bull is lackadaisical and shows no interest in the heifers. Mamie Callahan , the daughter of shot gun-toting tavern owner Glenda Callahan  can\'t seem to stay away from the girl-chasing Joe. Joe also trades in his horse at a used car dealership for a red convertible automobile from which he sells the parts off to obtain cash from a salvage yard. After almost all of the usable car parts are sold, he rides around in a beat-up motorcycle. In order to raise money, Joe organizes a contest in which riders have to stay on Dominick, the unresponsive bull he procured from his friend as a replacement. In addition, Joe himself has to ride Dominick and stay on in order to win the prize money. Joe wins the contest and receives the prize money. In a fight at his father\'s house, Joe and his friends are involved in a large fight that destroys the house they have been building. The screenplay was adapted from the failed Broadway musical "Whoop-Up," and retained many of the same plot devices and characters, including Joe\'s grandfather who refuses to live in a house, preferring his ancestral teepee.'] ["In 1909 Arizona, Captain Sam Burgade has retired from law enforcement, the Arizona Rangers. Hoping for peace and quiet, he suddenly learns that his old enemy Zach Provo has escaped from a Yuma prison with other convicts. Years before, Burgade was shot by Provo and barely survived, but later sent Provo to prison. Out for revenge, Provo does not go after a cash shipment as Burgade expects but instead kidnaps Burgade's daughter, Susan. The six escaped men form an ambush. Provo allows two of them who lust after Susan to sexually assault her, assuming Burgade will show himself in an attempt to rescue her. Burgade has been knocked unconscious, however, and is unable to intervene. Setting a fire to smoke out the fugitives, Burgade is able to dispose of them one by one until only Provo is left. But he finds himself at gunpoint, then is shot by Provo several times and about to die when he is able to retaliate at last."] ['A tale of class conflict in an historical Brazilian setting, there is much more meaning  woven into the plot than is represented here. Antonio das Mortes is a legendary and brooding man with a troubled past that haunts him and keeps him in need of an enemy to fight against. Working for the landed nobility, he is sent to kill Coirana, the last canguaceiro  of a Bahia inland city. He kills Coirana, but is changed by his experiences with the poor, and so Antonio das Mortes then demands that the colonel  distribute the food stored in a warehouse to the remaining canguaceiros. The colonel raged and sent Mata Vaca  to kill Antônio das Mortes. But Antonio das Mortes with the help of his friend "Professor" kills Mata Vaca and his jagunços . The colonel is killed by a local. The movie ends with Antonio das Mortes walking by the roadside, carrying on the struggle - in some ways hopeless or unending - which extends beyond the killing of the colonel and the expropriation of his land.'] ['The story, based on the true story, follows a Canadian Mountie who wants to give an Indian a fair trial for the murder of a fellow officer before he winds up being executed.'] ['In 1916, as U.S. soldiers wage war against Pancho Villa\'s Mexican troops, Army Major Thomas Thorn  is assigned to be a battlefield observer and reward heroism. He has been suggested for this duty by a Colonel Rogers , who is 63 years old and impatiently yearning to be promoted to general. Rogers commands his unit to make a poorly planned, old-fashioned Cavalry charge on a villa owned by Adelaide Geary  where a number of Villa\'s men have been staying, enjoying her hospitality. Thorn, excused from the fighting, observes through his binoculars various acts of heroism by Lt. Fowler , Sgt. Chawk , Cpl. Trubee  and Pvt. Renziehausen  in defeating Villa\'s men, although not before many U.S. soldiers are slaughtered. Rogers is proud of having personally led the charge, but furious when Thorn won\'t nominate him for a citation. Thorn insists that a commanding officer cannot be honored for a command decision he himself made. Rogers counted on the fact that he saved Thorn from an investigation into a charge of cowardice from a previous engagement, saying he did so out of respect for Thorn\'s father. Thorn intends to recommend the four soldiers for the Congressional Medal of Honor. He is ordered to take along the traitorous female prisoner, Mrs. Geary, who is charged with "giving aid and comfort to the enemy." A fifth soldier, a private  also nominated by Thorn for a medal, rides with them to the Texas town of Cordura. This seemingly simple task becomes increasingly complex, however, as the incessant squabbling between Thorn and the men threatens to destroy them all. Eager to learn more about their acts of bravery, Thorn finds the men to be hostile toward him, ill-mannered toward the woman and, in some cases, heroic merely due to a desire to survive the warfare. They ultimately turn against Thorn, forcing him to fight fellow soldiers to save his own life.'] ['A young woman is heir to a large fortune, but the key to finding it is on the leg markings of a horse called "The Ghost of the Gauchos". Unfortunately, the woman\'s uncle--her legal guardian--has his own plans for her fortune, and they don\'t include sharing it with her.'] ["At the turn of the 20th century, circus owner Matt Masters  takes his troupe on a tour of Europe in search of his long-lost love, Lili Alfredo . With him are Lili's daughter, Toni , whom she abandoned years earlier and whom he has raised as his own, and his faithful friend, Cap Carson . The circus is lost in a sinking ship, but Masters manages to salvage part of it. With the help of some European acts, he puts together a new show. Masters ultimately finds Lili, so mother and daughter are reunited."] ["Eddie Campbell watches a stagecoach as it rides toward a Nebraska town. Other members of his gang are waiting there to rob the bank. Ben Cutler, owner of the stage line, is on board, and is returning home to be wed to Ruth Granger. During the holdup, a bank teller is killed. Ben joins the posse. His daughter, Laurie, is in love with Eddie and doesn't believe him to be truly bad. Eddie shoots the sheriff, however. He is wounded by Ben and brought back to town to stand trial. Ben is offered a temporary job as marshal. Selby, a publicity-seeking lawyer who defends Eddie, insinuates that Ben was just acting in vengeance because his client had been intimate with Ben's daughter. Ben punches him for this slur on Laurie's character. Eddie is found guilty due to Ben's eyewitness testimony. He is sentenced to hang. Townspeople begin to have their doubts, even Ruth, partly due to Eddie's manipulation of their emotions. Laurie tries to smuggle a gun to Eddie's cell, but her father finds it. Ben must ride to the state's capital after a plea for clemency from the governor is made. As soon as he is gone, Eddie's gang busts him out of jail. He physically assaults Laurie, revealing his true nature. Ben returns just in time, though, and shoots a fleeing Eddie atop the gallows."] ["Bandits led by Matt the Mute enter a bar and kill multiple people. Randy Bowers comes to town and is framed by Matt the Mute, who is working with the sheriff, who doesn't know that Matt is really a criminal. Matt the Mute writes out everything he wants to say. Randy escapes with the help of Sally Rogers, the niece of the dead owner of the bar. Bowers runs from the sheriff, and ends up in the cave in which the bandits have their hideout. They kidnap Sally, who escapes with the help of Bowers. Matt the Mute is killed when he enters the bar, which is filled with explosives, and the niece marries Randy."] ["Based on the novel Heritage of the Desert by Zane Grey, the film is about a rancher whose spread includes the only way out of the valley where an outlaw is hiding a huge herd of stolen cattle. When the outlaw decides to challenge the rancher's claim to the land, the rancher stays one step ahead of him and hires a surveyor to remap and confirm the property lines."] ['The setting is the American Wild West. The notorious outlaw leader "Draw" Egan  and his gang is chased by a posse of lawmen to his remote mountain cabin, where they are trapped. During a fierce shootout, Egan opens a trapdoor and they escape through a tunnel before the posse can overwhelm them. With a bounty on his head, Egan turns up in the dangerous frontier range town of Yellow Dog. Presenting himself by the assumed name William Blake, he enters the saloon. The seductive dance-hall girl, Poppy , uses her alluring wiles to entice and entertain him. He looks amused when he is challenged to fight by a rowdy barfly, then punches and finishes the man off with the one powerful blow. The townspeople are impressed. Believing Blake to be a strong and law-abiding man, they want him to be their new marshal. The reformist mayor, Mat Buckton , hires him for the much avoided position to restore law and order and rid the town of the lawless gunmen who have nearly taken over. Blake turns Yellow Dog into a model community, while hiding his criminal past, and plans to move on soon. But when he sees the mayor\'s daughter, Myrtle Buckton , he decides to stay on as marshal of Yellow Dog. Beginning a romance with the God-fearing young woman, he proceeds to settle down and become a genuinely lawful and respected member of the town. Then Arizona Joe , a member of Egan\'s former gang, shows up in Yellow Dog to make trouble. He threatens to expose Egan\'s past if he tries to make him obey the law and not help him take over the town. The marshal gives in for a while, but then decides that the welfare of the town is more important than his romance with Myrtle. When he goes after Arizona Joe, the outlaw keeps his word and tells the whole town about Draw Egan. During the final showdown, which is short and brutal, Egan shoots and kills Joe. He then surrenders himself for arrest, but the grateful townspeople refuse to hear of it and offer to keep him in office. He is also prepared to give up Myrtle, but she tells him that his past is unimportant and they begin making plans for their future together.'] ['Mary Smith , daughter of presidential hopeful Horace Smith , has lived a cloistered life free of any scandal. Although she is devoted to her father and supports his political aspirations, she longs for a life of her own. Believing she needs some excitement in her life, Mary\'s free-spirited Uncle Hannibal ([[Harry Davenport  takes her dancing at a nightclub, which the police raid for gambling. When Horace learns that press reporters have discovered Mary\'s name on the police report, he sends his daughter off to the family\'s Palm Beach, Florida mansion. For Mary, Palm Beach during the off season is a place of loneliness and boredom. She asks her two housemaids  if she can go along with them on a blind date with some cowboys from a visiting rodeo. The two maids reluctantly agree. Feeling sorry for the inexperienced Mary, they coach her on their three-step "system" for getting a man interested: flatter him, get him talking about himself, and play on his sympathy with a hard-luck story. The three women go to the rodeo, and afterwards meet up with their dates at the Rodeo Cafeteria and pair off. Mary is immediately attracted to the tall, lanky, and unpretentious cowboy Stretch Willoughby  and arranges to be with him. After dinner, they continue their evening back at Mary\'s beachfront estate. Aware that the plain-spoken Stretch is suspicious of high society rich folk, Mary pretends to be a lady\'s maid whose "boss" is out of town. Mary attempts to get the shy cowboy interested by following the first two steps of the "system" but fails to attract his interest. Determined, she proceeds to the third step, inventing a hard-luck story about her drunken father and four younger sisters whom she alone must support. When she adds a tear or two to embellish her story, Stretch is won over, and the evening ends with the two kissing in the moonlight. The next morning, an enamoured Stretch Willoughby appears at the mansion prepared to ask for Mary\'s hand in marriage. Unprepared for this turn of events, Mary casually dismisses his awkward proposal. Angered at the rejection, Stretch tosses Mary into the swimming pool and storms off. Completely fascinated by this man unlike any she had ever hoped to meet, Mary follows Stretch when he boards a ship for Galveston. Determined to apologize, Mary finally succeeds in getting the stubborn cowboy to listen to her. But her explanation for her behavior falls short of actually confessing her true identity. The days on board the ship bring the two closer together, and on the last night before docking at Galveston, they are married by the ship\'s captain . When the newly married couple arrives at Galveston, they set up temporary home in a tent at a rodeo camp. Mary does her best to adapt to the dusty and primitive conditions, but she is having a difficult time. Stretch senses Mary\'s unease, but believes it stems from her worrying over her "family"—the fictitious drunken father and four younger sisters she\'s supporting. He suggests she return to Palm Beach alone to settle her family obligations. Although she is ashamed of her continued deception, Mary fears Stretch will reject her if he learns the truth about her and her wealthy family. Stretch believes he\'s married a "work horse" who works hard to support her family, not a "show horse" like her fictitious boss. Confused and miserable, Mary agrees to go back home for a few days and later meet up with Stretch at his ranch in Montana. When Mary arrives back at her Palm Beach mansion, she learns that her father is on his way with all his committee members, plus an important congressman who holds the presidential nomination in his power. Her sympathetic Uncle Hannibal arrives early, and Mary tearfully confides her secret marriage to him. Soonafter, Mary\'s father arrives, full of plans for the following weeks. He assumes his daughter will serve as dutiful hostess and support his plans. Feeling trapped again, Mary finally confesses to her father that she is married to a cowboy and plans to join her new husband in Montana immediately. Mary\'s courage, however, is short-lived. When she sees how her news has crushed her father, she agrees to stay and perform her duties until her father secures the presidential nomination. At his Montana ranch, Stretch is busy making preparations for Mary\'s arrival, helping to build a new house for his bride. But Mary never arrives. Stretch decides to head back to Palm Beach and find out what\'s wrong with his missing wife. When Stretch arrives at the Palm Beach mansion, he insists on talking to Mary\'s "employers". He bursts into the dining room, only to see his wife at the head of a dinner party table, surrounded by her father and all his distinguished guests, who proceed to have a few laughs at the cowboy\'s expense. When asked for his opinion about Mary\'s father running for president, Stretch delivers his scathing opinion about the whole group before leaving in anger. Seeing his daughter\'s distress finally gives Horace Smith pause to think about what his behavior has been as a father. He is there to comfort Mary as they listen to the whistle of the train that is taking her husband out of her life. Back in Montana, a subdued Stretch arrives home only to find his father-in-law Horace Smith sitting on his front porch in the sun, wanting to chat about farming. Horace also tells Stretch that he has quit the presidential race because he now knows that Mary\'s happiness is more important. He goes on to say that all her life Mary has made sacrifices, thinking only of her father, never herself. Upon entering the ranchhouse, the bewildered Stretch finds a party underway, Uncle Hannibal raiding the kitchen, and Mary herself baking a cake with Ma Hawkins. The story ends with the cowboy and the lady kissing in the kitchen of their new Montana home.{{cite web|last|titlehttp://themave.com/Cooper/filmog/cowblady2.htm Coop: A Tribute|accessdate"classic">{{cite web}}'] ["Posing as a hangman, Mace Bishop arrives in town with the intention of freeing his brother Dee from the gallows. Dee and his gang have been arrested for a bank robbery in which Maria Stoner's husband was killed. After freeing his brother, Mace successfully robs the bank on his own after the gang has fled with the posse in pursuit. Dee has taken Maria as a hostage. The posse, led by local sheriff July Johnson and deputy Roscoe Bookbinder, chases the fugitives across the Mexican border into territory policed by bandoleros, whom Maria describes as men out to kill any gringos  that they can find. Maria further warns Dee that the sheriff will follow, because they have taken the one thing that July Johnson has always wanted: her. Despite initial protestations, Maria falls for Dee and finds herself in a quandary. She had never felt anything for the sheriff, nor for her husband, who had purchased her from her family. The posse tracks them to an abandoned town and captures the gang. The bandoleros also arrive, shooting Roscoe, so the sheriff releases the outlaws so that the men can fight back in defense. In this final showdown, almost everyone is killed. Dee is fatally stabbed by the leader of the bandits, El Jefe, and then Mace is shot by another. Maria grabs a pistol and shoots El Jefe dead. Maria and the sheriff, with little left of the posse, bury the Bishop brothers and dead posse members without markers, after which Maria notes that no one will know who was there nor what had happened."] ["Roland plays The Cisco Kid, who sets out on a double mission. He must prevent a girl from marrying a wealthy suitor in order to save her family's hacienda, thus forsaking her true love in doing so; and also apprehend the outlaws who robbed a stagecoach carrying gold to a local mission. He eventually finds that the wealthy suitor is behind the gold robbery, a revelation that makes his task much easier."] ["In the south central Pennsylvania area of colonial America in the 1760s, colonial distaste and disapproval of the English government is starting to surface. Many local colonists have been killed by American Indians who are armed with rifles supplied by white traders. Local adventurer James Smith  and his followers complain to British officials, pressuring them to make it illegal to trade weapons to the native population. Trader Ralph Callender  and other businessmen are not happy with the new laws, seeing as it cuts into their profit. They begin to trade with the local native American population, hiding rifles and rum inside military supply trains. When the British authorities fail to do anything to prevent this, James Smith organizes his men and heads out to intercept the wagon train. Smith's spirited and bold girlfriend, Janie McDougall , assists him and his men in posing as Indians to intercept the gun shipments. Captain Swanson, a British army officer, is sent to protect the wagon train at all costs following a complaint lodged by Callender that Smith and his men intend on robbing the wagon train, while neglecting to state that the train contains guns and liquor. Captain Swanson considers the involvement of Smith and his men as a revolt to his authority, and in retaliation he jails more than half of the local colonists, holding them without trial. This sets Smith and Swanson on a collision course."] ['The film\'s story revolves around the Paiute Indian outlaw Willie Boy ([[Robert Blake  who escapes with his lover, Lola  after killing her father in self defense. According to tribal custom Willie can then claim Lola as his wife. According to the law, Deputy Sheriff Cooper  is required to charge him with murder. Willie Boy and Lola are hunted for several days by a posse led by Cooper. Willie manages to repel the posse’s advance when he ambushes them from the top of Ruby Mountain. He only tries to shoot their horses, but ends up accidentally killing a bounty hunter, resulting in another murder charge. Days later, as the posse closes in, Lola dies by a gunshot wound to the chest. It is left deliberately ambiguous whether Lola shot herself in order to slow down the posse\'s advance or whether Willie killed her to keep her out of the posse\'s hands. Cooper is inclined to believe the latter and then goes off ahead of the posse to bring in Willie dead or alive. As soon as Cooper catches up, he comes under fire from Willie who is positioned at the top of Ruby Mountain. Cooper narrowly avoids being shot on several occasions. In the film\'s climax, Cooper maneuvers behind Willie, who has donned a ghost shirt, and tells him he can turn around if he wants to, which he does. The two pause before Willie raises his rifle at Cooper, who beats him to the draw and shoots him. Fatally struck in the chest, Willie tumbles down the hillside. Cooper picks up Willie’s gun and finds that it wasn\'t even loaded, making it apparent that Willie deliberately chose death over capture. Abashed, Cooper carries the slain outlaw the rest of the way down Ruby Mountain and delivers him to other Paiutes, who carry the corpse away and burn the remains. When confronted by the county sheriff, Cooper is told that the burning of Willie\'s body will ruin the people\'s chance to see Willie in the  flesh, denying them the ability "to see something". Cooper retorts: "Tell them we\'re all out of souvenirs."'] ["Ex-lawman Matt Austin  accidentally kills an innocent man  while hunting an outlaw who killed his family. He pledges to the dying man that he will take his body to his sister Amaya . Austin wrestles with the idea of telling her he caused the death, but is faced with bigger battles once at the farm. There he gets involved with land baron Horn , who is trying to take Amaya's land. Their lives are more intertwined than he thought, when he takes on Horn and discovers that Horn has hired the man he was looking for all along."] ["With the end of the American Civil War, military industrialists are left with an oversupply of weapons. Some of the more unscrupulous ones view the Indians as possible new customers. Wild Bill Hickok  has just been discharged from the Union Army and is making his way back west. On a paddle steamer, he bumps into his old army scout colleague, Buffalo Bill Cody ([[James Ellison  and his new bride. Later, Calamity Jane  is the driver of their stagecoach to Hays, Kansas. John Lattimer , an agent for the gun makers, has supplied the Cheyenne Indians with repeating rifles, which enable them to kill half of the troopers at a United States Cavalry outpost. Hickok discovers the rifles and reports it to General George Armstrong Custer . Custer sends out a resupply mule train to the fort with Cody as guide. Hickok tries to locate Yellow Hand ([[Paul Harvey , the Cheyenne chieftain, to find out why the Indians have gone to war. When Calamity is captured by the Indians, Hickok tries to bargain for her release, but instead gets captured himself. Yellow Hand states that the Indians are fighting because the white man has starting settling land promised to the Indian and is killing off the buffalo. Yellow Hand promises to release his captives if they tell him the location of the resupply train. After much prodding from Calamity, Hickok professes his love for her just before he is about to be tortured. Calamity then discloses the route of the resupply train in order to save Hickok from being burned alive. Yellow Hand holds true to his word by releasing his two prisoners. The Indians attack the resupply train. Hickok sends Jane to get reinforcements while he fights alongside the besieged soldiers. After a desperate six-day siege on a river bank, the survivors are saved when Custer arrives with the cavalry. Back in town, Hickok catches up with Lattimer and tells him to get ready for a gun duel. Instead of going himself, Lattimer sends three cavalry deserters in his place. Hickok kills all three deserters in the gunfight, but this makes him a fugitive from the law. Hickok flees to the Dakota Territory. Calamity leaves for Deadwood separately when the townspeople find out that she was partly responsible for the attack on the supply train. Custer sends Cody after Hickok. After meeting in the woods, the two friends capture an Indian and learn that Custer has been killed at the Battle of the Little Bighorn and that the Cheyenne are moving to join the Sioux Indians in the Black Hills. They also learn that Lattimer is sending more rifles to the Indians, to be picked up in Deadwood. Instead of arresting his friend, Cody rides off to warn the cavalry, while Hickok goes to Deadwood to deal with Lattimer. Hickok kills Lattimer and detains Lattimer's henchmen for arrest by the cavalry. Hickok is shot in the back by Lattimer's informant Jack McCall  while he is playing cards with the henchmen. The film ends with a heart-broken Calamity Jane cradling Hickok's body."] ['The setting is the Old West town of Paradise, Nevada, where a young woman, Mercedes Murphy , co-owns and operates a combination saloon and dance hall called the Red Hen with her business partner, Slick Barney (played by [[Jack Richardson . Her little half-sister, Olive "Live" Sumner , who is crippled, lives with her and she makes every effort to protect the child. A tough, but good-hearted businesswoman, Mercedes shows a tender side at home with Live. Her partner, Slick, and a cowboy called the Heller (played by [[John Gilbert , who has a heart of gold, are both interested in Live. A reform movement comes to Paradise with the arrival of Reverend Gavin McGregor , who wants to clean up the town and sets up a church next to the saloon and dance hall. Initially, Mercedes is opposed to the church and there is immediate antagonism between her and the reverend. He and Mercedes come to respect each other, however, and she is so impressed by his sermons that she closes down her business. When her little sister is sexually abused, Mercedes blames the reverend and is filled with wrath. She begins a vigorous attack on the church and goes gunning for him. But the Heller discovers that it was actually Mercedes\' partner, Slick, who compromised Live\'s virtue and shoots him dead. After Mercedes learns that it was Slick and not the reverend who betrayed Live, she and the reverend become friends. She closes down the saloon and dance hall permanently and prepares to leave town with Live. The reverend then professes his love for her and begs her to stay.'] ["Greaser's Palace follows Jesse , a Christ-like figure in a zoot-suit, on his way to Jerusalem to find work as a singer-dancer-actor. In a run-down Western town, he runs afoul of the local boss, Seeweedhead Greaser , until he brings Greaser's son Lamy  back from the dead."] ["Based on actual events of the early twentieth century, the story concerns a grueling 700-mile cross-country horse race in 1906 and the way it affects the lives of its various participants. The colorful contestants include two former Rough Riders  who can't let friendship come between them if they intend to win, a lady of little virtue  with an ulterior motive, a punk kid , an old cowhand in poor health , an English gentleman  who's competing just for the sheer sport of it all, and a Mexican with a toothache  who literally needs to bite the bullet. All must race against a thoroughbred of championship pedigree owned by a wealthy man  who has no intention of seeing his entry lose. The film touches on the themes of sportsmanship, animal cruelty, the yellow press, racism, the end of the West and the bonds of marriage and friendship. As the race progresses, the conditions test not only the endurance of horses and riders but also their philosophies of life and the meaning of victory and defeat."] ['Set in the Old West, the story is about robber Harker Fleet , who is sent to prison by former partner Timothy Nolan . A small band help Fleet break out of prison: now he is going to settle scores with Nolan for railroading him.'] ['The main characters are Cochise ([[Jeff Chandler  and Tom Jeffords . The film is based on the actions of these historical figures, but tells their story in dramatized form. As the movie begins, Jeffords comes upon a wounded Indian, a 14-year-old Apache boy dying from buckshot wounds in his back. Jeffords gives the boy water and heals his wounds. The boy\'s tribesmen appear and are at first hostile, but due to Jeffords\' treatment of the boy decide to let him go free. However a group of gold prospectors are spotted and Jeffords is gagged, tied to a tree and made to watch as the Apaches attack the prospectors and torture the survivors. The warriors then let him go but warn him not to enter Apache territory again. When Jeffords returns to Tucson he encounters a prospector who escaped the ambush. When he corrects the man\'s exaggerated account of the attack, another man, Ben Slade Will Geer asks how he knows what happened. Tom describes how he found the boy and the following events. Slade is incredulous and doesn\'t see why Jeffords didn\'t kill the boy. Jeffords is later asked to scout for the army but refuses. Jeffords learns Apache, how to make and read smoke signals and plans to go to Cochise\'s stronghold on behalf of his friend, Milt Arthur Hunnicut who is in charge of the mail service in Tucson. The Apaches have killed many couriers and halted the delivery of mail for years. Jeffords enters the Apache stronghold with the aid of smoke signals and begins a parley with Cochise, comparing the mail service to smoke signals. Cochise agrees to let the couriers through. Tom meets a young Apache girl, Sonseeahray Debra Paget and begins to fall in love. The Apaches stay true to their word and the mail riders are able to ride to Tucson. However Cochise did not agree to full peace and an army wagon train is massacred. When the survivors arrive in town Jeffords is almost lynched as a traitor before he is saved by General Oliver Howard who recruits Tom to negotiate peace with Cochise. Howard says that his troops call him "Bible-reading Howard". On questioning by Jeffords about the biblical implications for the Indians, Howard condemns racism, saying that the Bible "says nothing about pigmentation of the skin." Jeffords tells him to read the Bible for him, "because I like the way you read it." Jeffords manages to broker peace with Cochise but the Apaches splinter, a group led by Geronimo  oppose the treaty and leave the stronghold. Tom accompanies the first stagecoach to leave Tucson during the \'testing time\' of three months set out by Cochise. Geronimo and his renegades ambush the coach as it stops at a river. Jeffords rides off to seek help from Cochise and the stagecoach is saved. Tom and Sonseeahray marry and have several days of tranquility. One day when Jeffords is getting an archery lesson from Cochise Ben Slade\'s son arrives, guarded by two Apaches. He spins a story about his horses being stolen by Cochise\'s Apaches, he denies this but Jeffords asks him to go along with the boy to prove Slade, a famous hater of the Apaches, wrong. Slade and a gang of men from Tucson ambush Cochise, Tom and Sonseeahray. Jeffords tells Cochise to run while he attempts to hold off the men. Tom is wounded and knocked unconscious and Sonseeahray is killed. Cochise dispatches several of the men including both of the Slades, and goes to gather his warriors. The remaining men from Tucson head for Mexico as the army will now surely hunt them down as criminals. Jeffords regains consciousness as Cochise returns and prevents Tom from killing one of the wounded men. He still backs the peace treaty. Howard and the army pay their respects at the Apache camp, and assure Jeffords that Sonseeahray\'s death will not be in vain. Jeffords leaves to wander the West on his own with the assertion that \'the death of Sonseeahray had put a seal upon the peace\' and \'from that day on wherever I went - in the cities, among the Apaches, in the mountains - I always remembered my wife was with me\'.'] ['A train carrying passengers and money is ambushed by Indians. The passengers realize that the "Indians" are disguised bandits and the bandits murder them all. The bandit boss was travelling in the train and steals the uniform off the corpse of a Colonel Wilkinson to impersonate him. Meanwhile, the scene is observed by real Indians. The Indians are also found by the Brad family, Transylvanians arrived to make a living in the Wild West. As seen in the first film of the series they are: * Traian Brad , the elder brother. * Johnny Brad , a gunfighter who arrived first to America. * Romulus "Romi" Brad , the younger brother. They are accompanied by Bob , a former black slave who by now speaks some Romanian, and June , an orphan girl rescued by Johnny and engaged to Romi. The Brads arrive to a town and get a room in the Grand Hotel de Paris. Johnny gets into a bar brawl at the saloon with Mr Green  and Traian confiscates his gun. In the town, a circus troupe has a show including a sharpshooter and Anabelle Lee  "from Paris", an actress and singer. Traian and Bob watch the show and Traian falls in love with her. The show is interrupted by the news that the Indians have attacked the train. A posse is formed and finds the passengers massacred and scalped. Traian changes his clothes of Transylvanian shepherd for an elegant suit and courts Anabelle with Bob as a translator. However Anabelle and the troupe are part of the bandits and she is the lover of the false colonel. Realized that the Indians were not involved in the train assault, a scout goes to their camp. He convinces chief Black Falcon and his son Fast Arrow  to go to town to clear the accusation. Upon arrival the three are shot by the bandits and the misled townsfolk. Fast Arrow escapes and ends in the Brads\'s room, who offer him refuge. Romi, who is working as a blacksmith apprentice, goes to the circus camp and tells Anabelle in broken English to stop seeing Traian, but June is abused by Green while Romi cannot defend her. Before the troupe leaves to assault other train, Anabelle charms Traian and the bank manager  into opening for her the bank safe. She and his lover then rob the bank. Encouraged by Fast Arrow, Johnny takes his gun and convince the sheriff  that the troupe are the bandits. A gunfight ensues and ends with the defeat of the artists, the capture of Anabelle and the death of the Colonel. The Brads leave among the congratulations of the townsfolk.'] ['In the film, a simple-minded blacksmith named Charley, well loved by the townsfolk, saves for a year to send off for a mail-order bride. However, when Charley, accompanied by many of the townsfolk, gather at the train station to greet the woman on her scheduled arrival date, Charley is publicly embarrassed when she fails to appear. Realizing that he has been suckered out of his savings and feeling like a fool, Charley plans to leave the town for good. This would not be an issue except that Charley is the town’s only blacksmith and no one else is available to replace him. In order to persuade their only blacksmith to stay, the townsfolk recruit a saloon girl named Sadie to pose as Charley’s mail-order bride. As Charley is a straight and narrow sort of person, he has never been in the saloon and does not immediately recognize the woman for what she really is. The film is about Charley’s simple-minded efforts to see through the deceit and the townspeople’s efforts to maintain the fiction that a saloon girl is as pure as the driven snow.'] ["A hunting party composed of European aristocrats is led into Apache territory by their guide, Bosky Fulton . When French Countess Irina Lazaar  wanders off by herself, she is confronted by Indians, only to be rescued by Shalako . When the party ignores his warning to leave Indian country, the Apaches led by Chato  attack. Based on the book by Louis L'Amour."] ['Rio , his partner Dad Longworth, and a third man named Doc, rob a bank. The robbery is successful, but some Mexican Rurales attack and kill Doc. Dad and Rio manage to escape in the desert followed by a posse. Rio figures the Rurales will be "swarming all over us inside an hour." One partner might take the remaining pony and ride to a little jacalito down the canyon about five miles and return with fresh mounts. They shake for it, with Rio fixing the deal so his pal Dad can be the one to go. Dad gets to a corral, strapping the swag bag onto a fresh pony, but he gets second thoughts. He casts one eye towards a point on the ridge sure to be taken by the Rurales, and with the other he gazes off in the opposite direction out past a low-lying treeline towards the border and safety. One way leads to danger and a poor chance at surviving with half the booty, the other towards a virtual certainty with all of it. After a decidedly short moment of reflection, he takes the latter and leaves his friend to be taken by Rurales. Rio is arrested, and is transported to prison by way of the jacalito, where he learns firsthand of Dad\'s betrayal from the owner. Rio spends five years in a "stinkin\' Sonora prison," which allows him to concentrate on Dad\'s having abandoned him. When he locates his former partner in crime, Longworth has become the sheriff of Monterey, California. Dad finally gets a chance to "explain" why he left his friend back in Mexico but tries again to deceive Rio by lying about why he never returned. Rio plans a bank robbery in Monterey with his new partners Chico Modesto and Bob Emory. But his plans are sidetracked when he falls in love with Longworth\'s stepdaughter, Louisa, and when Dad administers a vicious beating with a whip in front of the entire town. While recovering from his wounds near the ocean, Rio struggles with his conflicting desires to love the girl and to kill her stepfather for revenge. He decides to forgo vengeance, fetch Louisa and leave, but Emory kills Chico and pulls off the bank job. However, the heist goes wrong and a bystander is killed. Rio is falsely accused and locked up by Longworth, who desperately wants to kill Rio in an attempt to absolve his own guilt over the earlier betrayal. Rio is due to be hanged in two days. Louisa visits Rio in jail, first to confess that she is going to have his baby, and then to attempt to smuggle a miniature pistol. Rio bluffs his way out of jail with the unloaded pistol, and helps himself to the revolver of sadistic deputy Lon Dedrick. In the center of town, under fire and left with no choice, he kills Longworth in a final showdown. In the closing scene, Rio and Louisa ride out to the dunes and say a sentimental farewell. Rio will now be a hunted man and tells Louisa that he\'s going to Oregon but to look for him in the Spring.'] ["The mean and boastful Johnny Concho is also a coward, but the people of Cripple Creek, Arizona, let him have his way. They know that Johnny's brother, who doesn't live in town, is the notorious gunfighter Red Concho, someone they truly fear. Mary Dark, daughter of the general store's owner, is in love with Johnny, but isn't yet aware of the kind of man he really is. Johnny has everyone so cowed that, in a card game, he needn't even show his hand to claim the pot. That lasts until the day a man named Tallman comes to town. Tallman calls the bluff of Johnny at the poker table. Johnny wants the sheriff, Henderson, to take care of this, but Tallman stuns everyone by announcing that he recently stood up to Red Concho in another town and killed him. Exposed for the yellow-belly he is, Johnny rides off. Mary still loves him and follows, but wherever Johnny goes, word reaches that he is not a man to be trusted or feared. Tallman, meanwhile, has taken over Johnny's role in Cripple Creek, appointing himself as the law and demanding to be paid a percentage from every business in town. Mary still wants to marry Johnny, but at the wedding his cowardice comes out once more. A man who knew his brother informs him that Red was actually just like Johnny, a blowhard with no guts. Johnny pulls himself together and returns to Cripple Creek to face Tallman in the street. Tallman wounds him, but the townspeople are impressed by Johnny's bravery and willing to help. Mary's father shoots Tallman and kills him. Johnny prepares to leave town, knowing he's not wanted here, but Mary and the others invite him to stay."] ['During the Mexican-American War , Second Lieutenant Boyd fights in the United States Army . But in battle his courage fails him, and, to avoid being killed, he plays dead—while his unit is massacred. He is transported along with the other dead  back to the Mexican headquarters. However, in a moment of sudden bravery, he captures the Mexican command. For his heroism Boyd is promoted to Captain, but when his commanding officer learns of the cowardice by which his victory was achieved, he exiles Boyd to the remote Fort Spencer in the Sierra Nevada mountain range. After Boyd joins the seven other inhabitants of Fort Spencer, a stranger named Colqhoun arrives and describes his wagon train becoming lost in the Sierra Nevadas and being reduced to cannibalism to avoid starvation. The party\'s guide, a Colonel Ives, had promised the party a shorter route to the Pacific Ocean but instead led them on a more circuitous route, and was then the one to lead their turn to cannibalism. The soldiers stationed at the fort see it as their duty to investigate and search for survivors, and so assemble a rescue party. Before they leave they are warned by their Native American scout, George, of the Wendigo myth; a story that a man consuming the flesh of his enemies takes their strength but becomes a demon cursed by a hunger for human flesh. When they reach the cave where the party had taken refuge they realize that Colqhoun is Ives and has lured them into a trap. He had killed his five companions and sets about killing the soldiers from Fort Spencer one by one, including the commanding officer, Colonel Hart. Boyd manages to escape the massacre by jumping off a cliff, breaking his leg in the process. He hides in a pit along with the body of a fellow soldier and eventually he eats some of the man\'s flesh to stay alive. When he finally limps back into the fort he is delirious and severely traumatized; none of the remaining soldiers  believe his wild tale, and a second expedition finds no bodies or any trace of the man. A temporary commander is assigned to the fort and to Boyd\'s horror it turns out to be Colqhoun, now cleaned up and calling himself Colonel Ives. The others still refuse to believe that Ives is the killer, especially after he bears no sign of the wounds inflicted on him during the massacre. Ives tells Boyd that he used to suffer from tuberculosis, but when a Native scout told him the Wendigo myth he "just had to try," murdering him, eating his flesh and in the process curing his maladies. Having murdered the expedition he led he now plans to use the fort as a base to do the same to other passing travellers; he compares the location of the fort, with the guaranteed supply of isolated migrants that it entails, to the notion of Manifest Destiny that draws them there. Boyd is suspected of murder after another soldier mysteriously dies and is chained up; he watches helplessly while the last officer is murdered by an unexpected ally of Ives: Colonel Hart, back from the dead after the massacre. Ives saved Hart by feeding him his own comrades, and now Hart is addicted, like Colqhoun, to human meat. Ives wounds Boyd and forces him to make a choice: eat or die. Eventually Boyd gives in and eats a stew made out of the last officer killed, and his wound heals. But rather than join the two men in their conspiracy to convert General Slauson , he convinces Hart to free him so he can kill Ives. Hart does so, but asks Boyd to kill him first as he no longer wants to live as a cannibal. A battle between Boyd and Ives takes place at the climax, with both men wounding each other badly, yet they won\'t die easily due to their new recuperative powers. Finally, Boyd forces Ives onto a large bear trap and springs it, pinning them both together. Ives taunts Boyd by telling him he\'ll eat him as soon as he dies, but Ives expires first. Boyd refuses to save himself by eating Ives\' body and dies on top of his adversary. Martha, George\'s sister, stumbles upon the bodies of both Ives and Boyd, closes the door, and walks away. General Slauson arrives, and, while his aide looks around—the general tastes the stew that was left on the fire.'] ["The Resurrection of Broncho Billy is the story of a young man  who lives in a big city in present time, but his dreams are of the old west and western film heroes. Scenes of his everyday life take on the style of a western film as he visits with a western old timer Wild Bill Tucker; he crosses a busy boulevard packed with traffic and we hear the sound of a cattle drive; he's late for work at the hardware store; at an intersection crosswalk he has a western street showdown with a businessman as the light changes; he enters a saloon but has no I.D. for a beer; he is accosted in an alleyway; a pretty counter girl  gives him soda but he realizes he has no money to pay for it. Then he meets a lovely artist  in a park who draws a sketch of him in an old west setting and he talks to her for a time on a park bench about the old west and western films. The Artist gets up to leave and we hear the sound of hoofbeats as he rides up to her in the old west. The artist gives him back the watch he lost in the alley scuffle, she floats up onto his horse and they ride off across the prairie as the Broncho Billy theme song is heard over the scene. He's taken her back to the magic old west that he loves, not unlike Lois Lane going flying with Superman."] ['The setting is an early American village, where a young Quaker woman, Priscilla , is in love with the schoolmaster, John Hart . The local minister, Rev. Cole , who calls on her at her cabin with flowers, is an unwelcome suitor. In revenge, he has "blue laws" passed, among them is one requiring attendance at church on Sunday. Priscilla refuses to comply with the law and is arrested. After being plunged in and out of water and pilloried, she is banished from the colony. John goes with her. They are attacked by Indians and John is badly wounded. Priscilla manages to get back to the village in time to warn the Puritans of an impending attack. They defeat the Indians after a desperate battle. The Rev. Cole, who has been mortally wounded, begs Priscilla\'s forgiveness and the Puritans make amends for their harsh treatment of her."Broncho Headliners --- The Quakeress." The Moving Picture World, Volume 17, Issues 1-6. 1913.'] ['Elvis Presley is Lonnie Beale, an out-of-work rodeo star trying to make ends meet until the season starts up again. He comes to the town of Zuni Wells  because a friend says he can get a job on a ranch, but his friend is nowhere to be found. Having no other option, Lonnie begins singing in a local club, but he gets fired after a fight with one of the customers. Thankfully, Vera Radford  sees his performance and offers him a job at a ranch she runs called the Circle-Z to take care of the horses. The Circle-Z is not what Lonnie expected, though: It is a guest ranch where actresses and models go to lose weight and to get in shape, a fitness salon, referred to as "Yogurt Gulch". After upsetting the staff a few times by disrupting activities with his singing, Lonnie follows Pam Meritt  to the nearby ghost town of Silverado where he learns that one of her relatives has hidden a treasure. While there, they have a comical vision of what the town must have been like when it was still populated. Back at the ranch, people keep trying to abduct Pam to find out what she knows about the location of the treasure. In specific, they want to get their hands on a letter in Pam\'s possession. Lonnie finds himself defending her more than once. Lonnie and Pam soon begin a relationship, but matters are complicated when Vera throws herself at him and Pam walks in on them. There is a brief interlude where Western films are spoofed and parodied in a comedy sequence where Lonnie Beal is the Panhandle Kid, a milk drinking cowboy, with Pam Meritt and Stanley Potter  in costume as characters in the saloon. When rodeo season starts, Lonnie goes on the circuit, but because things were left unresolved with Pam, he is unable to do his job well. Every time he tries to call her, she hangs up on him, and when he writes to her, she sends it back, marked "Return to Sender" . Eventually, one of the ranch hands, Stanley Potter, finds Lonnie on the circuit and talks him into confronting Pam. When the two reach the Circle-Z, Pam is on her way to Silverado, so they follow her. A fierce storm begins when they arrive, so the trio decide to spend the night in a deserted hotel. But the hotel is not as deserted as they think. It seems to be haunted, as strange things keep happening to Pam and Stanley whenever Lonnie is not around. Eventually we learn that the ghosts and goblins in the hotel are actually masked men trying to get to Pam\'s treasure. Finally, the men after the treasure are defeated and unmasked, and the hiding place of the treasure is discovered in the hotel. Lonnie and Pam decide to get married, and they have a big reception at the Circle-Z. Stanley gets tangled up in the decorations behind their car. The film ends with Lonnie singing to Pam as they drive off toward their honeymoon, dragging Stanley in a metal tub behind them.'] ['When showgirl Maisie Ravier  arrives at a small Wyoming town, she finds her new employer has folded after a single performance, leaving her stranded with only 15 cents. She persuades Rico  to hire her for his midway shooting gallery. Her first customer is an unfriendly "Slim" Martin ([[Robert Young , the manager of a ranch. Slim accidentally drops his wallet full of money. Rico picks it up and leaves town. Slim has Maisie arrested for theft, but when a search finds only 15 cents, admits his mistake. The deputy sheriff informs Maisie that vagrants have to be out of town by midnight, so she hides in the back of Slim\'s truck. When Slim returns to the ranch, he is none too pleased to discover the stowaway. He has Maisie driven to the railway station the next morning. When the ranch owners, Cliff ([[Ian Hunter  and Sybil Ames , arrive on the train, Maisie gets herself hired as Sybil\'s maid. The Ames are trying to rebuild their marriage, after Cliff found out about Sybil\'s lover, Ray Raymond ([[John Hubbard . Maisie\'s warm personality gradually overcomes Slim\'s hostility , and she also becomes friends with Cliff. One day, while Sybil is out, the cattle herd gets scattered. Maisie and Cliff volunteer to drive needed supplies to the old ranch house, but their car overturns on the way, pinning Cliff. Maisie limps to the house and walks in on Sybil and Ray kissing. When the ranch hands show up, Maisie sends them to help Cliff, who is not seriously injured. That day, Slim asks Maisie to marry him, and she gleefully accepts. When Sybil confronts her in private about what she has seen, Maisie informs her that she has told no one, to spare Cliff\'s feelings, but Sybil is still fearful. Sybil tells Slim that Maisie has been after Cliff and only settled for him after she realized that Cliff was in love to his wife. When Slim questions Maisie, she takes offense, breaks off the engagement, and leaves the ranch. Slim decides to go after her, but before he can, he hears a shot. Cliff has committed suicide after realizing his wife is still unfaithful. Slim is tried for murder. When Maisie finds out, she rushes to the courtroom, but is unable to convince the judge that Slim is innocent. Fortunately, Cliff had mailed a letter to his lawyer, Roger Bannerman , to deliver to Maisie. It exonerates Slim. Maisie inherits the ranch and plenty of money to run it.'] [' The story involves Arbuckle coming to the western town of Mad Dog Gulch  after being thrown off a train and chased by Indians. He teams up with gambler/saloon owner Bill Bullhorn , in trying to keep the evil Wild Bill Hickup  away from Salvation Army girl, Salvation Sue . Fatty and Buster have a series of adventures trying to beat St. John, until they discover his one weakness: his ticklishness.'] ["Jody Deakes joins up with his father after many years, just to discover that his dad is part of an outlaw gang on the run from a relentless bounty hunter named Santee. Jody is orphaned soon after Santee catches up to the gang, and follows Santee in hopes of taking vengeance for his father's death. Instead, however, Jody discovers that Santee is a good and loving man, tormented by the death of his young son at the hands of another outlaw gang. Santee and his wife take Jody in and a father and son relationship begins to grow. Then the gang that shot Santee's son shows up. The film was produced by Edward Platt of Get Smart fame. It was one of the first motion pictures to be shot electronically on videotape and then transferred to film."] ['The crew of the starship USS Enterprise enjoys shore leave after the ship\'s shakedown cruise goes poorly. Captain James T. Kirk is camping with Spock and Dr. Leonard McCoy at Yosemite National Park. Their leave is interrupted when Enterprise is ordered by Starfleet Command to rescue three ambassadors  who are held as hostages on the planet Nimbus III. In space, the Klingon Captain Klaa is bored destroying space refuse and longs for a real battle; when he learns Enterprise is heading to Nimbus III he decides to fight Kirk for personal glory and sets his ship on an intercept course. Enterprise successfully breaches the barrier, pursued by Klaa\'s vessel, and discovers a planet within. Sybok, Kirk, Spock, and McCoy journey to the surface, where Sybok calls out to his perceived vision of God. An entity appears, and when told of how Sybok breached the barrier, demands that the starship be brought closer to the planet. When a skeptical Kirk inquires, "What does God need with a starship?" the entity attacks him. The others doubt that a being who would inflict harm for pleasure could be God.'] ["Tom Andrews  is a surveyor involved in the building of the Canadian Pacific Railway, which is stalled by the Rocky Mountains. While mapping a route through the mountains, Andrews is shot at by Dirk Rourke , a fur trader, and his accomplice Cagle . When Andrews returns to the construction camp, he sees Cagle working there and attacks him. Dr Edith Cabot  intervenes - she is a pacifist and disapproves of violence. Andrews heads for Calgary to his girlfriend, Cecille Gautier . Andrews and Cecille's father  attend a meeting at which Rourke campaigns against the railway, claiming it will mean the end of trade in the area. Andrews tries to convince the crowd that the railway will benefit them, and that Rourke objects only because it will end his business monopoly. He and Rourke get into a fist fight, which is broken up by Père Lacombe . To keep the peace , Andrews decides to return to work on the railway; Cecille, not understanding and upset at his intention to spend another year away, breaks their engagement. At the camp, Dynamite Dawson  tells Andrews of his suspicion that Indians have been stealing dynamite; Andrews later finds several cases of dynamite buried at an Indian village. The chief says that young braves had been paid by a white man to steal them. Back at the camp, Cagle and Rourke shoot at one of the cases as Andrews unloads them. Andrews is seriously injured in the resulting explosion. On board a train back to the base hospital, Dr Cabot transfuses her own blood to save Andrews's life. Meanwhile, back at the ranch, Cecille overhears Rourke, her father and others plotting to stop the railway by inciting the Indians to cause trouble. When she objects, her father threatens to disown her. Suspecting Rourke of having caused the explosion that injured Andrews, she decides to join him at the hospital, but is dissuaded by Dynamite, who persuades her to return home to gather evidence and to pass it on to him. Saboteurs cause a series of explosions, closing down railway construction for the winter. By the spring, Andrews has recovered, and has wooed Edith. Hearing of trouble at the camp, Andrews prepares to return, but Edith persuades him not to wear a gun. Rourke has stirred up the Indians and has established a saloon and gambling hall at the camp. When a man is shot at the saloon, Edith goes to help but is too late. Andrews straps on his guns again and closes the saloon. Cecille arrives, announcing that Rourke and the Indians are about to attack; Dynamite rides off to get reinforcements while the others take refuge in the hospital car. Cecille's injured father is brought in and tells them that they are considerably outnumbered. Andrews goes after Rourke and Cagle and, as the Indians prepare for a final attack, shoots Cagle. Rourke is killed by a falling branch from a tree that had been set on fire as a signal to the Indians. The Indians attack but reinforcements arrive by train at the last moment, and the they are driven off. Later, the Indian chief walks into the camp and sues for peace. Dismayed by the violence she has experienced in the west, Edith takes the train back east. Cecille looks on as Andrews joins the train and it moves off, but after apparently saying goodbye to Edith he jumps off and comes back to her."] ["John Breen, a Kentucky militiaman falls in love with French exile Fleurette De Marchand . He discovers a plot to steal the land that Fleurette's exiles plan to settle on. Throughout the film, Breen's soldiers sing: :Only six hundred miles more to go :Only six hundred miles more to go :And if we can just get lucky :We will end up in Kentucky :Only six hundred miles more to go Although when the song is first heard, there are eight hundred miles to go."] ['{{plot}} A team of Vatican sponsored mercenaries led by Jack Crow  rids an abandoned house of vampires in the middle of New Mexico. The slayers stay at a motel in the middle of a desert, getting drunk, smoking and partying with women as they celebrate their victory. One of the prostitutes is a young woman named Katrina . When the master vampire, Valek , turns up at the motel, he bites Katrina and massacres the slayers and prostitutes. During this attack Valek sees Jack and calls him by name which astonishes Crow. Crow and his partner, Tony Montoya , run outside and grab a weak and nearly unconscious Katrina, take a pickup truck and drive off. Valek catches up with them, jumps on the back of the truck, but is shot in the face and this knocks him off the vehicle and onto the road. Narrowly escaping from Valek, they keep on driving for a few more hours until dawn and narrowly avoid hitting a stalled vehicle in the road. They walk east, coming to a gas station. They steal an automobile at gunpoint. While Crow goes back to the motel to deal with the remains of the team and prostitutes, Montoya takes Katrina to the nearest hotel. Crow stabs the corpses of his fellow slayers and the other victims in the heart with a wooden stake, then beheads them to prevent them from turning into vampires. Crow then burns down the motel and buries the heads in the desert. Meanwhile, Montoya has gotten another hotel room and he tells Katrina that she has been bitten by Valek and that she too will be one soon if they cannot find and destroy him. She now has a telepathic link to the Master. Jack meets his boss Cardinal Alba  who introduces him to Father Adam Guiteau . Jack reports that his entire team has been destroyed and that only one vampire did this. Cardinal Alba and Father Guiteau show Jack a centuries-old painting of a man which turns out to be the master vampire that attacked and killed Jack\'s crew. He was the first documented case of vampirism and is most likely the progenitor of all vampires. Jack is told that he will wait for his new team to get in before he hunts down Valek but that Father Guiteau would be replacing the priest that was murdered at the hotel. Meanwhile, Katrina tries to escape as Montoya rests. He awakens and grabs Katrina, pulling her through a window and back into the room. Katrina sees a cut on Montoya\'s arm and her vampire instinct takes over as she grabs it and bites him. He then uses a Zippo cigarette lighter to burn the wound clean. Jack and Guiteau get to the hotel where Montoya and Katrina are holed up. Katrina awakens having linked to Valek and Jack gets her to tell him what\'s going on. She has a vision from Valek\'s point of view which shows a sign that says San Miguel and Jack tells Guiteau to call all the churches in that area asking of any are missing any old priests. Soon after, Katrina loses the connection to Valek but Guiteau finds a lead. Jack tells the priest some of his past, about how his father was bitten by a vampire, killed his mother, came after Jack and that he killed his own father. He then asks what it is Valek\'s after and Guiteau tells him that he wants an ancient relic called the Black Cross of Berziers and that Valek was once a priest who was thought to have been possessed by demons. The Bérziers Cross was used in an exorcism that was cut short but the result was that Valek was forever changed into the first vampire and that the priest Valek killed was the only person who knew of the location of the Cross. Jack and the rest head to the old priest\'s church to try and see if they can find out the location of the Berziers Cross now that Valek has had to stop at sunrise. The next night Valek rises, with seven companions. Through Katrina\'s link to him, the Slayers learn that the seven other vampires are Masters as they converge on an old Spanish mission and soon Valek has the Cross in his possession. The next day, Jack and the others find the Spanish mission and Guiteau tells them that Valek wants the Berziers Cross to complete his exorcism which was cut short the first time. Completing the ritual would supposedly make him able to walk in the daylight and that would make him unstoppable. They then travel to a nearby town that seems to be deserted. The security cameras in the town jail are still on and Jack spots one of the Master vampires walking around. Montoya stays outside and works the winch attached to the Jeep, keeping an eye on the continually weakening Katrina while Jack stays on the ground floor to shoot them with his crossbow leaving Guiteau to be the bait to lure them to Jack. They manage to get a couple of the Masters but not before the sun sets enough for Valek and the other Masters to come out as well as the town\'s missing population who have been turned into weaker vampires. Guiteau manages to find a place to hide without being seen, but Valek and the rest get hold of Jack knocking him out. Montoya and Katrina escape, but as the sun sets Katrina fully turns into a vampire and bites Montoya on the neck. He makes no move to stop her and she then starts walking back to the town, now a member of the undead. When Montoya awakens, he loads a submachine gun and fires a volley and smashes the hot barrel against the open wound on his neck. Jack awakens to find that he\'s been tied to the front of his truck and that he\'s surrounded by the recently turned towns folk, the Masters and Valek. Cardinal Alba has betrayed the Vatican Council, explaining to Jack that he\'s planning on reproducing the first exorcism  and becoming Valek\'s first "new child." The exorcism must be completed by dawn. Katrina walks back into the town and the Cardinal begins the ritual. Guiteau is hiding in one of the stores and finds a shotgun with shells under the counter. He gets up on the roof where he shoots and kills Cardinal Alba. Valek then tells Guiteau to finish the ritual and Guiteau refuses placing the shotgun against his head. Montoya\'s jeep comes into the town and he uses Jack\'s crossbow to shoot the cross that Jack has been tied to the cable. Jack is dragged behind the jeep. Valek tries to get the Bérziers Cross but the sunlight reflecting off of the jewels in the cross burns his hands and he can\'t get hold of it. He heads for shelter and Jack grabs the Berziers Cross and heads off after Valek. Jack and Valek face each other and Jack rams the cross though Valek\'s chest then throws himself through the support post for the roof causing it to collapse allowing the sun to get to Valek and he dies in a spectacular fireball. Montoya gets the jeep and gets ready to leave only to be confronted by the shotgun-wielding Guiteau, knowing that Montoya is turning into a vampire. Jack gets Guiteau to agree to a two day head start as Montoya backed up Crow for two days after being bitten by Katrina. Crow and Montoya embrace like the brothers they became after Crow informs Montoya that after the two days he will hunt down and kill both of them. Montoya and Katrina leave and the movie ends with Jack and Guiteau heading off once again to the jail to kill the rest of the vampires that made it to shelter.'] ['The movie begins and ends as a spirit, known in the movie as Arthur  enters, and descends back into the world from the water. Then the movie shows an airplane carrying a passenger to an Indian reserve, where they\'re blockading construction/forestry equipment from clearcutting on Indian land. We later realize that the individual was a lawyer representing the tribe whose land is going to be clearcut and the protesters are angered at the lawyer losing the case & the lawyer came to discuss an appeals process. Wilf  is introduced at this time & then he in turn introduces Arthur, who also kidnaps the logging company\'s general manager, and the four take off through the woods where Arthur "instructs" them in listening to Mother Earth. Surrealistic, in its entirety, throughout the movie you\'re taken for a ride that will take you through many thought provoking scenes. In particular where Wilf describes Washakeajack, the Indian trickster.'] ['Django  is a slave living in the Deep South after having been separated from his wife Broomhilda . When Django is held for a slave auction, Dr. King Schultz , a bounty hunter who poses as a dentist, frees Django from his vicious masters, the Speck brothers , and gives him the option of hunting down and killing the Brittle Brothers, a ruthless gang of killers whom only Django has seen. In return, Schultz will free Django from slavery completely and help rescue Broomhilda from the plantation of the charming but ruthless owner, Calvin Candie .{{cite web}}'] ['On foot after the mercy killing of his horse, Wes Steele finds a stagecoach and a number of dead passengers. He takes a horse and rides to Mesa. A corrupt banker, Stanley, and partner Joiner discuss their stagecoach holdup with Clanton, their hired gun. Joiner, upset over the deaths, begins to leave, but Clanton shoots him in the back. Stanley tells townspeople the stranger Steele is responsible for the robbery and murder. Steele hides in the cellar of a house. It turns out to belong to the sheriff, Gil Gorrigan, who has yellow fever. His daughter Nadine is caring for Gil and the home is quarantined. Steele nurses the sheriff back to health after Nadine collapses from fatigue. A grateful Nadine says her dad worries about her but has left her well-provided for the future. She and Steele kiss. He ventures outside, where he confronts and coldcocks Stanley, causing a lynch mob to form. Gil gives the wanted Steele a chance to escape. It turns out the sheriff has been on the take from Stanley, so now a noose is tossed around a tree for him. Steele returns to rescue him. He kills Clanton, and then Stanley is placed under arrest. Told he should leave this town, Steele decides to stick around.'] ['Tom and Jerry are engaged in some Western-flavored cat-and-mouse games  when Tom spots a pretty cowgirl cat. Overcome with lust, Tom dresses up in his best cowboy duds and tries to impress the cowgirl, but Jerry sabotages his efforts. Tom takes out tobacco and rolls it up on a piece of paper, then uses Jerry\'s tongue to stick it closed, Tom smokes it and breathes out the smoke to spell "Howdy" as The cowgirl is flustered and giggly. At one point he sings a song for her on a guitar but has a record player secretly playing the song for him, Jerry then takes the chance to mess with the speed of the recorder to make Tom sing fast and slow. Tom chases after Jerry for humiliating him and tries to lasso the mouse. Jerry manages to evade capture, and throws the lasso around the left horn of a nearby bull. When Tom is confronted by the angry bull, he tries to flee, but when he finds himself cornered, he resigns himself to his fate. With Tom out of commission, Jerry, now wearing his own cowboy duds, he waves his hat over to the cowgirl Toodles, then excitedly runs up to her face, grabs her by the cheeks and presses his lips onto the cowgirl\'s red lips, giving her a big kiss, and rides off into the sunset on Tom\'s back.'] ['Cattle baron George Washington "G.W." McLintock  is living the single life on his ranch. He is estranged from wife Katherine , who left him two years before, suspecting him of adultery. When he isn\'t playing chess or breaking his own record for throwing a hat up onto the longhorn-shaped weather vane at the top of his house every time he comes home drunk, McLintock keeps busy with the ranch. He hires attractive widow Louise Warren  as his cook and welcomes both her and her two children into his home, including grown son Dev , who\'s handy with his fists. McLintock butts heads with a local gadfly, Matt Douglas, and Territorial Governor Cuthbert Humphrey, a sleazy bureaucrat who is looking to discredit McLintock, settle the territory, and remove the local Comanche Indians. Sparks begin to fly as an unexpected turn of events results in brawls, gunfire, an Indian attack&nbsp;... and the return of Mrs. McLintock, who wants custody over their daughter Becky   and a divorce from G.W. Becky comes home from school with her banjo-playing love interest, "Junior" Douglas , but soon falls for Dev, and vice versa. McLintock approves of their engagement, then pursues Katherine through the streets and shops of town until he paddles her backside and gets her back.'] ["On his way to California in 1957, a doctor, John Brighton, decides to stay in Oklahoma territory after his wife dies in childbirth. He takes a room at the home of elderly Mrs. Fitzgerald, who helps raise his new daughter Louise. Five years later, as he becomes acquainted with attractive widow Anne Barnes and her mother, Mrs. Waynebrook, the doctor treats the ill child of an Indian named Charlie. He also meets Charlie's teen daughter, Maria, who is so good with children that he puts Louise in her care after Mrs. Fitzgerald's death. Wealthy rancher Cass Dobie and brother Mel are gobbling up land in the territory. When they determine that there is oil on Charlie's property, they scheme to get it. Mel even tries to shoot Charlie, but is killed in self-defense. John testifies on Charlie's behalf. While awaiting a legal decision on the shooting, Maria professes her love for John. The angry Cass has a confrontation with John, who prevails, after which Maria realizes that John is actually in love with Anne."] ["Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa  finds himself without adequate funding to finance his war against the military-run government. He also finds himself at odds with the Americans because of the Hearst media empire's press campaign against him. To counter both of these threats, he sends emissaries to movie producers to convince them to pay to film his progress and the actual battles. Producer D.W. Griffith  is immediately interested and convinces Mutual Film Studios boss Harry E. Aitkin to send a film crew. Aitkin's nephew Frank Thayer is initially a mere errand boy for the studio, but he makes a good impression with Villa, who demands that Thayer be placed in charge of the project. Thayer and a camera crew team film Villa leading his men to victory in battle. Despite the failure of this initial footage  Thayer convinces Aitkin to invest even more money in a second attempt, and also convinces Villa to participate in making a more narrative film. Thayer returns to Mexico with a director, actors, producers, cameramen and screen writers, and begin to film Villa's previous exploits using a younger actor. The filming goes well, although Villa becomes angry that the screenwriters and the director have changed history to make a more dramatic film. However, he agrees to do a cameo appearance as an older version of himself. Meanwhile, Frank begins a romance with actress Teddy Sampson  whom he's had a crush on since they first met. One night Villa announces that they will attack a Federal held fort at Torreon and win the revolution. The film's director and his crew tell Villa that they are not coming with him to film the battle. Villa scares them into going to the battle by having a firing squad shoot over their heads. The next morning, Villa assembles his men to attack Torreon. Thayer and his team go into film the action. After a skirmish on the way to the fort, Villa's army arrives at Torreon and lays siege to the fortress. Villa orders an attack and personally leads the charge. Villa's army is initially successful, but they suffer heavy casualties and are forced to withdraw. That night, Villa orders his army to bombard Torreon into submission, and, after a long, brutal bombardment, Villa's cavalry finish off the last of Torreon's Federal defenders. However, Thayer and his camera crew team witness Villa personally shooting a Mexican widow in cold blood with his handgun during the aftermath of the battle. Disgusted, the team leaves. 'The Life of General Villa' is shown in theaters in America, and to great success, although Thayer and his camera crew members regret making the film. Nine years later General Villa is driving his car with an associate and two of his bodyguards through Parral, Chihuahua. His car is flagged down by a Mexican civilian, when several Federals suddenly pop up with machine guns. Villa reaches for his pistol, but is shot several times and is killed."] ["John Chisum , a virtuous, patriarchal land baron, locks horns with greedy Lawrence Murphy , who will stop at nothing to get control of the trade and even the law in Lincoln County. Chisum is an aging rancher with an eventful past and a paternalistic nature towards his companions and community. Murphy, a malevolent land developer, plans to take control of the county for his own personal gain. The story begins with Murphy's men tipping off Mexican rustlers who plan to steal Chisum's horses. Chisum and his sidekick Pepper  stop the bandits with help from a newcomer to the area, William Bonney , also known as Billy the Kid. A notorious killer, Billy has been given a chance to reform by Chisum's philanthropic neighbor, rancher John Tunstall . Billy also falls for Chisum's newly arrived niece, Sallie . Murphy is buying up all the stores in town and using his monopoly to push up the prices. He appoints his own sheriff and deputies. He also brings in a lawyer, Alex McSween , whose principles lead him to switch sides and seek work with Chisum and Tunstall. The two ranchers set up their own bank and general store in town under McSween's control. Chisum's land and cattle remain targets. Murphy's men attempt to steal Chisum's cattle before he can sell them to the Army. Chisum's ranch hands are warned by Pat Garrett , a passing buffalo hunter. Garrett agrees to help Chisum and soon befriends Bonney. Together they foil an attack by Murphy's men on the wagons bringing in provisions for the new store. Fed up with Murphy's underhand activities, Tunstall rides off to Santa Fe to seek the intervention of Gov. Sam Axtell ([[Alan Baxter . On the way he is intercepted by Murphy's deputies, who falsely accuse him of cattle rustling and shoot him dead. Chisum and Garrett hunt down the deputies and ride them back towards town for trial. Bonney, seeking revenge for the murder of his mentor, overpowers Garrett and shoots dead both deputies. Before Sheriff Brady  can organise a posse, Billy rides into town and kills him too. Murphy appoints bounty hunter Dan Nodeen  as the new sheriff, giving him orders to hunt down Bonney. Nodeen has a score to settle, as a previous encounter with Bonney has left him with a permanent limp. Billy's plans for revenge are only just beginning. He breaks into McSween's store looking for dynamite. He is spotted by Nodeen, who gets Murphy's men to surround the store. McSween comes out unarmed but Nodeen shoots him in cold blood. Chisum is alerted by McSween's wife  and rides into town. The main street is blocked, so Chisum stampedes his cattle through the barricades. He tracks down Murphy and takes him on in a fist fight which ends with both men falling from a balcony. Murphy ends up impaled on steer horns. With his paymaster dead, Nodeen flees with Billy in pursuit. The film ends with Garrett taking over as sheriff and settling down with Sallie. It's been learned that General Lew Wallace takes over as governor of the area. With law and order restored, Chisum can resume his iconic vigil over the Pecos valley."] ["In the town of Cottonwood Springs, Texas at the turn of the century, Marshal Frank Patch is an Old West style lawman in a community determined to be modern. When Patch kills drunken Luke Mills in self-defense, the town decides it is time for the marshal to resign. But Patch refuses, reminding the citizens that when he took he job, the agreement was he could have it as long as he wanted. Afraid of Patch because of his knowledge of their misdeeds in the town's wilder days, the city fathers then decide the only way to remove Patch from office is by violence. Patch humiliates one of town's councilmen, a cowardly shopkeeper, by slapping him. The man plans to kill Patch, but when Patch faces him down, he turns the gun on himself. The man's son swears revenge, supported by local leaders. They plot to ambush Patch. Aware that he will probably be killed, Patch marries his long-time girlfriend, the local brothel madame. The marriage is on the same day as the shopkeeper's funeral, after which Patch's death is planned. The dead man's son attempts to kill Patch on his own, but is shot by Patch. Patch explains to the dying youth that his father had murdered a man many years ago. Patch covered it up because he had agreed to raise the dead man's child. Patch pursues one of the instigators of the plot to kill him. He wounds and captures him, but then insists on going back out, knowing he will be gunned down. He is shot by hidden gunmen on the rooftops."] ['The film is a musical western. Sue Farnum  gets cheated out of her inheritance by the thieving business partner  of her deceased father. Rogers, with the help of others, rescues her.Bells of Rosarita at allmovie.com'] ["Jeff Travis , a former spy for Quantrill's Raiders, rides to Arizona to start a new life. Finding that his reputation has preceded him, crooked Jules Mourret  hires him to monitor a series of gold shipments, in preparation for a major robbery. Travis falls in love with Shelby Conroy , daughter of freight-line operator Jason Conroy , and decides to turn honest."] ['The plot revolved around the Tulsa, Oklahoma oil boom of the 1920s and detailed how obsession with accumulating wealth and power can tend to corrupt moral character.[http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stid"tcm"/> A fire in a derrick tailing pool started by Jim Redbird, a poor and hapless Cherokee, who had been made a rich owner of oil land through crooked dealings of oilmen, and who later renounces his holdings, results in an extravagant fire scene for which the movie got its Oscar nomination.'] ["Van Horne , a bank robber dressed like a Roman Catholic priest, is spared from a firing squad in 1922 in an unnamed Central America nation and sent to kill a local desperado. The film marks the final screen appearance by Hayworth, whose health worsened as Alzheimer's disease took hold."] ['In 1876 Dawson wants to prevent a train from getting to Tomahawk, Colorado on time, so to keep it from competing with his stage coach line. Kit Dodge Jr. , who must get the train to its goal, forces Johnny Behind-the-Deuces  aboard as the needed passenger. Madame Adelaide\'s  showgirls  ride along and, in route to Tomahawk, join Johnny in "Oh, What a Forward Young Man You Are."'] ['An outlaw band led by Blackjack Britton  and second man Cavin Guthrie  robs a bank. A woman is shot and dies in the arms of Sonny, a young member of the gang who is the lookout and appears to still have a conscience. The gang flees and is pursued by a posse. After passing through a dust storm they see and enter a tunnel, emerging at the other end into verdant pastures around the town of Refuge. In this town no one carries a gun, drinks, or swears . Also, whenever the town\'s church bell sounds, all of the residents immediately flock to the church without question. Sonny seems to think he has seen some of the residents before, but is unable to remember where. He becomes very puzzled when a stagecoach arrives at night with a woman who is identical to the one who died in his arms when they robbed the bank. Meanwhile the rest of the outlaw gang begin to cause mayhem and threaten the destruction of the town but the men of Refuge seem unwilling to resist them. At one point a young woman, who has become the object of Sonny\'s love, is threatened by the gang and he is seen by the men of Refuge as willing to lay down his life to save her. Sonny finds out that the town of Refuge is actually a kind of purgatory and the faces that he thought he recognized were in fact well known people such as Doc Holliday, Wild Bill Hickok, Jesse James and Billy the Kid, all of whom had previously died but who must now spend ten years in Refuge before being admitted into Heaven. During this time they must avoid all violence and resist the temptations they succumbed to in life. The penalty is to enter Hell if they fail. In fact, the movie shows a farmer being sent to Hell for murdering one of Blackjack\'s henchmen when he caused wanton destruction in his garden. In particular, Wild Bill Hickok - the current sheriff - has only 24 hours to go until his ten year sentence is up, explaining as to why there was no resistance to the gang. Inspired by the example Sonny has set, the townspeople nonetheless decide to take up arms to save the town rather than see evil triumph, even though this apparently means they abandon all hope of heaven. The evil outlaws who had viewed the men of the town as cowards are now amazed to confront these famous names. Though outnumbered, the men of Refuge triumph after a classic shoot-out during which Sonny is mortally wounded and in turn becomes a resident of Refuge; Blackjack and his men are all thrown into Hell. The men of Refuge are now convinced they will also be condemned to Hell. As they are led away by the gatekeeper, a stagecoach arrives from Heaven. The Driver  explains to them that "the Creator may be tough, but He ain\'t blind"; what they had done in standing up to evil is respectable, and rather than being condemned to Hell they will be taken to Heaven. Sonny asks to remain in Refuge, in order to be with the woman he loves. Wild Bill gives Sonny the sheriff\'s star and bids him farewell. The final scene is the stagecoach being bathed in light as it approaches Heaven.'] ['A womanizing outlaw, Leon Alastray , who is also an atheist, is pursued by the Mexican military. Given sanctuary by an altruistic priest ([[Sam Jaffe , he is taken to a village terrorized by marauding Indians. When the priest is killed, however, Alastray is mistaken for a priest himself. This he at first denies but, finding the love of a village woman, and encouraged by the persuasive power of a fake miracle, decides to take on the role and thereby organize the villagers against the predatory raids of the Yaqui Indians. Charles Bronson co-stars as Teclo, a half breed leader of marauders who pretends to side with the villagers but is really in league with the Yaqui. When Alastray attempts to make peace with the Yaqui, Teclo intervenes and foments a conflict. Then, just before the central battle of the film, the villagers ask Alastray to hold a mass. At this point he confesses to the villagers that he is not a priest. They nonetheless accept him and together they defeat the Yaqui. The film ends with Alastray fleeing the military again, this time accompanied by the woman he loves.'] ["Lin Vanner , is manager of an oil company. The payroll has been stolen in a hold-up. His fiancée urges him to pursue the suspect in hope that he will gain recognition. Deducing the road the robber may have taken over the border with Mexico, he goes along to intercept him. He shoots a man who shouts back at him and does not raise his hands when challenged by Lin. Too late Lin learns that the man could not raise one arm because it was injured and this was the reason for his shouting rather than complying with the demand he raise his hands; he was not guilty of the robbery. Troubled at his action and abandoned by his fiancée, Lin takes it on himself to tell the dead man's wife, Ellen  - but on arrival he is mistaken for an applicant for a helper to keep the dead man's farm going until his widow's son is old enough to take over. Lin believes that this opportunity has been given to him to make amends for his mistake and he gives up his position to labour as a man-of-all-work on the farm. The story is told in a flash-back when, with Father Gomez  by his side he tells the whole story, as he is being pursued by the police for another killing."] ['The film\'s plot centers on Buckskin Hamilton , a desert guide in the mold of Kit Carson. The film is set in the Gold Rush year of 1850. Buckskin rides to Westport Landing to meet a steamer from St. Louis. The steamer is carrying a group that Buckskin has been hired to lead west on the old Santa Fe Trail from Kansas to New Mexico. The group aboard the steamship includes Buckskin\'s younger brother, Billy Hamilton, who has recently graduated from medical school through Buckskin\'s sacrifices. While on the steamboat, Billy Hamilton catches David Washburn, a crooked gambler played by screen villain Robert McKim, cheating at cards. A fight ensues, and Washburn\'s sister, Jane Washburn  walks in and becomes involved in a struggle over the gun. The gun is fired, and Billy Hamilton is killed. David Washburn convinces his sister that she pulled the trigger, and she takes the blame for her brother\'s actions. Buckskin arrives to find his brother dead. Though initially vowing revenge, he is persuaded that the beautiful Jane Washburn did not intend to kill his brother. Buckskin then leads the group, including Jane and David Washburn, and Washburn\'s henchman, Merton , west along the Santa Fe Trail. Various adventures ensue, including two of the wagons falling over a precipice. A romance develops between Buckskin and Jane Washburn, and she confesses that Buckskin\'s brother had not been annoying her - the cover story developed by her brother. Buckskin becomes convinced that either David Washburn or his henchman, Merton, is responsible for the death of his brother and marches the two men into the desert at gunpoint. To save himself, Merton confesses that David Washburn killed Buckskin\'s brother. As Buckskin marches the two men back to camp, he learns that one of the emigrants has shot an Indian brave. The Indian chief demands that a white man be sacrificed - "a life for a life." Buckskin gives David Washburn a choice – he can either sacrifice himself to the Indians and die a noble death or kill himself. Washburn agrees to kill himself, and Buckskin agrees to be the sacrifice to the Indians. However, Washburn fakes his suicide and tries to escape, running into the Indian camp where he is mistaken for, and accepted as, the sacrifice. Buckskin walks into the Indian camp as the Indians execute Washburn. Buckskin returns to the camp, where the movie ends in uncertainty as whether the death of David Washburn will cast a permanent shadow over the budding romance between Buckskin and Jane Washburn. The movie ends with Buckskin riding into the desert. Before he leaves, Jane says, "Maybe you\'ll come back some day." As he rides into the spreading dawn, Buckskin sadly replies, "Mebbe."'] ["The story takes place in old Mexico, where a masked rider  and an impoverished girl  fall in love, against her father's wishes. When she leaves with him, her father sends his gang in a chase after the two lovers."] ['The story has been described as a science fiction Western.{{cite web}} It is, arguably, better termed a space Western, due to its extra-Terran location. Set in the year 3031 on a frontier planet light years away from Earth, a bizarre gang of futuristic desperadoes have their sight set on turning the tumbleweed town of Oblivion into their own private playground.Found footage The Original Cowboys And Aliens Movie This film is set in a frontier town, Oblivion, which resembles the Old West, on a planet "light years" from Earth. The action begins with the murder of the town\'s Marshal Stone by a power-hungry villain called Red Eye . Using a substance prized on the planet—which also happens to short out electrical devices—Red Eye cheats his way to victory during a showdown on the street, killing Stone and disabling his cyborg deputy, Stell . He and his cronies begin to bully and persuade the townspeople into allowing him to take over the town. Oblivion\'s mortician, Gaunt, who possesses supernatural ability to foresee death, seeks out the Marshal\'s son, Zack , who is prospecting in the wilderness. Meanwhile, Zack saves a "native," Buteo , from an untimely death by giant scorpion. They team up just before Gaunt arrives with the news of Marshal Stone\'s death, and they all journey together to Oblivion for the funeral. During a misadventure in a saloon along the way, Zack avoids violence, even when harangued by one of Red Eye\'s henchmen. After attending his father\'s funeral, Zack visits his old friend Doc Valentine , an inventor whose technology had failed to protect the Marshal. At the local whorehouse, a townswoman, Mattie , learns that Zack is not a coward, but an empath, who feels everything that those around him experience. This leads him to abhor violence. Buteo learns that one of Red Eye\'s associates had been responsible for the deaths of his wife and children, and seeks revenge. Challenging him to a fair fight, Buteo triumphs and his opponent is killed. Red Eye and his gang capture Buteo in retaliation, place him in stocks, and whip him. Sensing that something unsavoury is going on, Zack confronts his fears, saving Buteo and shooting many of the townspeople who had taken Red Eye\'s side. Apparently having won a victory, Zack celebrates until he learns that Mattie has been taken by Red Eye into the Badlands. He and his friends rush to save her, and in the process defeat all of the villains for good.'] ['In late 1800s Ohio, a young woman from the backwoods, Annie Oakley  delivers six dozen quail she has shot to the owner of the general store. He sends them to the MacIvor hotel in Cincinnati, where the mayor is holding a large banquet in honor of Toby Walker , the "greatest shot in the whole world". Walker is particular about what he eats&ndash;the hotel owner  bought Oakley\'s quail because she shoots the quail cleanly through the head, leaving no buckshot elsewhere. At the banquet, Jeff Hogarth  signs Walker to a contract making him part of Buffalo Bill\'s Wild West Show. MacIvor challenges Walker to a shooting contest to take place the next morning. MacIvor arranges for "Andy" Oakley to compete against Walker, only to be shocked when she shows up. He tries unsuccessfully to call the whole thing off. The scheduled match ends in a tie, so they proceed to sudden death. The two sharpshooters continue hitting their targets. Following a comment from Oakley\'s mother  Oakley deliberately misses her next shot. Walker is a gracious, though unsuspecting winner; Hogarth knows exactly what happened.  When the Oakleys return home, Annie promises to pay back all those who bet on her. Hogarth follows and tells Annie that he never bet the money she gave to him. He also invites her to join the Wild West Show. Oakley, having developed a crush on Walker, accepts. Hogarth introduces her to Buffalo Bill  and the other members of the show. When Walker overhears Buffalo Bill telling Hogarth that he might have to fire Oakley because she lacks showmanship, he teaches her some \'fancy shootin\' and tricks. At the first show, Chief Sitting Bull  is in the audience with Iron Eyes Cody as his translator. Ned Buntline , Buffalo Bill\'s publicist, tries to sign him up for the show, but the chief is bored with the acts until he sees Annie shoot five targets thrown in the air. He is so impressed, he changes his mind and joins the show. A romance blossoms between Oakley and Walker, despite Hogarth\'s attempts to win Oakley\'s affections for himself. They also become good friends with Sitting Bull. One day, a man with a grudge tries to shoot Sitting Bull. Walker grabs the man\'s gun just as it goes off, saving his friend\'s life. However, his eyes are affected by the closeness of the shot. While Oakley\'s fortunes rise, Walker\'s decline. He hides his injury, but ends up shooting Oakley in the hand and is dismissed from the show. However, Oakley cannot forget him. After a triumphant tour of Europe, the show next plays New York City, Walker\'s home town. When Walker attends the show, Sitting Bull spots him and reunites the loving couple.'] ["Pecos businessman Matt Gardner is buying up freighters, or wagon trains of food supplies, at cheap prices through intimidation, and charging high prices by deliberately causing phony food shortages at his trading posts. The only one refusing to sell his supplies is Zack Sibley, who is dead set on maintaining his freighter business as well as tracking down his father's murderer, his ex-business partner. Gardner plans on eliminating any competition Sibley presents by sending his thugs to kill him and raid his wagon train."] ['A trio of masked bandits rob a stagecoach secretly assisted by one of the passengers. The fleeing bandits come across some unarmed Navajo who they shoot and steal their horses. One of the Navajo survives and informs the tribe who sets his tribe on the warpath against all whites. The commander of the US Cavalry fort who is friendly with the Navajo chief is caught in the middle.'] ["Rustlers are running rampant in Texas, but at least one rancher, Charlie Bell, isn't pulling up stakes yet, particularly with the news that old friend Clay Hardin is en route from Mexico back home to San Antonio. Clay claims to have proof, documented in a book, that Roy Stuart is responsible for the rustling. Clay arrives in town by stagecoach, as does Jeanne Starr, who is taking a job as a singer in Stuart's saloon. Lured backstage by Jeanne, suspicious that she could be in cahoots with her boss, Clay leaves the book in Charlie's care. But a partner of Stuart's, a man named Legare, wants the book for his own reasons, so he steals it and shoots Charlie. The shooting is witnessed by the singer's manager, Sacha, but he is too fearful to speak out. There is no law in San Antonio, only a troop of soldiers about to pull out, so Clay temporarily takes the job of marshal. Legare is chased into the Alamo's ruins by Stuart and is killed. Clay sets out in hot pursuit of Stuart, determined to arrest him, but ultimately has to shoot in self-defense. Jeanne decides to leave San Antonio for good, but Clay persuades her to stay."] ['T. C. Jeffords  is a wealthy cattle baron who feels the Herrera family is squatting illegally on his property, The Furies. T. C.\'s beloved daughter, Vance , who is as obsessed with wealth and every bit as ruthless as her father, has a close bond with Juan Herrera in secret. What she wants more is a proper husband who can run the giant ranch with her once T. C. is gone. She falls in love with Rip Darrow , who holds a grudge against T. C., believing a portion of The Furies land to be rightfully his. Vance is shocked when Rip accepts a $50,000 bribe from T. C. to permanently get out of her life. Rip opens a bank in town near a saloon he owns called The Legal Tender. T. C. is so self-possessed, he pays bills with "T. C." notes rather than actual dollars. One day, he brings home to The Furies a woman, Flo Burnett , who wants to marry T. C. for his money. Vance comes to resent this intruder so much, she disfigures Flo in a fit of rage. Now that he hates the daughter he once cherished, T. C. cuts off all contact with her. He decides to run off her friends, the Herreras, who engage T. C.\'s men in a violent gunfight. When they surrender, T. C. cruelly has Juan Herrera hanged. Swearing vengeance, Vance travels about the west buying up "T. C." notes. Her father\'s wealth is eroding, to the point that he even goes to Flo in a vain attempt to borrow $50,000 he needs to save The Furies. Vance conspires with her old lover Rip to deceive T. C., giving him false hope that a wealthy investor is lending him the money. Upon discovering what his daughter has done, T. C. congratulates her on her cunning. He declares that it\'s not too late for him to "start from scratch," but before he can, the bereaved mother of Juan Herrera guns him down.'] ['Wayne plays John Carruthers, an undercover US Marshal, but we don\'t know that until well into the film. He appears to be in town investigating a string of robberies committed by the Polka Dot Bandit , but when he\'s a little late in discovering one of the Bandit\'s latest thefts, Sheriff Jake  thinks he\'s the thief. For some reason, instead of arresting him, Jake accompanies him on his journey; after all, as Wayne says, "It\'s kind of lonesome trailing alone." The two stumble upon a gang robbing a pack-mule train; they rescue the beautiful Betty Mason , whose father has just been killed by the bandits. She and her father were bringing desperately needed provisions to town, but the bandits have successfully cut off any supplies, forcing the townspeople to consider fleeing their homes or starving to death. It turns out that the local rich man, with the very meaningful name of Malgrove , is behind the robberies. He knows there\'s a vein of gold underneath the homesteaders\' property, and he offers out of the kindness of his heart to purchase their land for a pittance. B-movie bad guys have a tendency to crow about their evil plans without checking to see if anyone is hiding nearby, and when the grieving Betty overhears his plans, Malgrove and his henchmen kidnap her. Carruthers and Jake offer to make one last attempt to bring supplies in, and Malgrove et al. make plans to murder them.'] ['Hannie Caulder  is a frontier wife whose husband is murdered by the Clemens brothers, a trio of rather inept outlaw brothers . After a disastrous bank raid, the Clemens men rape Caulder, burn down her house, and leave her for dead. They go on a crime spree, while Caulder recruits professional bounty hunter Thomas Price  to help her seek revenge by training her to use a gun.'] ["The Civil War may be over back East, but prejudice still rules the West. A full-blooded Shoshone Indian named Lance Poole distinguished himself in the war, winning the Congressional Medal of Honor, only to return home to Medicine Bow, Wyoming, to something a far cry from a hero's welcome. Townspeople resent the fact that Lance and his father own a large and valuable piece of land. A doctor refuses to treat Lance's father, who dies, while Lance himself is unable to even buy a drink in the local saloon. A loophole in a law involving homesteaders is used by biased attorney Verne Coolan to strip Lance of his property. Lance turns to a female lawyer, Orrie Masters, who fails to acquire the necessary petition signatures they need to overturn the law. Coolan organizes sheepherders and attempts to drive out Lance by force. Shoshone tribesmen fight by Lance's side, using his cabin for a fort. Orrie calls in the U.S. Cavalry to create a truce, only to have them side with Coolan and the town. It's a lost cause. Lance is at least able to kill Coolan, but not before being already seriously wounded himself at the Shoshone barricade. Lance Poole then turns the responsibility for the surviving women and children over to the only surviving male child, who leads them away from the barricade and presumably in the direction of the reservation. Afterward, Lance puts on his civil war sergeants major uniform, and walks out to the cavalry commander and his former lawyer. The commander salutes Poole first, as that is the custom when greeting a medal of honor recipient. Lance then drops dead from an apparent loss of blood."] ['A Chinese man robs the Bank of England. To evade the police, he becomes the valet for Phileas Fogg, an inventor. Phileas is trying to break the 50-mph speed barrier, and after succeeding with the help of Passepartout, they head to the Royal Academy of Science. There, Fogg is insulted by the other "brilliant minds", in particular William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin, who believes that everything worth discovering has already been discovered. Phileas is pressured into a bet to see whether he can travel around the world in 80 days. If he wins he will become Minister of Science in Lord Kelvin\'s place, if not he will destroy his lab and never invent anything again. Phileas and Passepartout start their journey around the world, taking a carriage and leaving London after a confrontation with Inspector Fix, a corrupt officer hired by the Royal Academy of Science to stop them. Passepartout and Phileas journey to Paris. Pretending to take Phileas to a convention with Thomas Edison, Passepartout leads him to an art school where Phileas meets Monique La Roche, a would-be impressionist. There, Passepartout is attacked by warriors sent by General Fang, who is after the Jade Buddha that he stole. Fang had previously given it to Kelvin in exchange for military assistance in China. When Monique learns of Phileas\'s ambition, she convinces them to take her with them. They depart in a hot-air balloon, chased by Fang\'s warriors. Whilst on the Orient Express, Monique learns that Passepartout is trying to return the Jade Buddha back to his village, and is travelling with Phileas to get there quickly. Monique keeps his secret in exchange for him convincing Phileas to let her travel with him. They travel to Turkey, where they are greeted by Prince Hapi. The Prince orders Monique to stay as his seventh wife while the men are ordered to leave. The men blackmail Prince Hapi into releasing Monique using a prized but apparently flimsy "The Thinker" statue of the Prince. The statue is destroyed but the three travellers escape. Lord Kelvin learns that Phileas has been involuntarily abetting a thief\'s escape. He orders the British colonial authorities in India to arrest both. Passepartout sees notice of the price on his head and warns his companions. Disguised as women they evade the police but are attacked by Fang\'s warriors. Using Inspector Fix and a sextant as weapons, they defeat their assailants and flee to China. Passepartout leads his friends to his village where they are happily greeted. They spend several days there and are attacked by the Black Scorpions. Phileas, Monique and Passepartout, whose name is revealed to be Lau Xing, are held captive. Lau Xing challenges the leader of the group to a fight. At first he fights alone and is defeated; moments later he is joined by the martial arts masters of the "Ten Tigers of Canton", of which he is one. The Tigers drive the Black Scorpions from the village and free the Westerners. The Buddha is returned to the village temple. Phileas, unhappy that his companions used him, leaves China alone. He travels to San Francisco and is tricked out of his money. He is found by Lau Xing and Monique. In the desert they find the Wright brothers and the three inventors discuss the flying machine. Phileas finds the brothers\' plans brilliant but suggests a few changes. Lau Xing, Monique, and Phileas\' next stop is New York City, where a crowd greets them, making it impossible for them to reach their ship. A policeman takes them through a building he claims is a shortcut, but it is an ambush. Fang\'s minions made arrangements with Lord Kelvin to take Lau Xing\'s village and tap the jade reserves underneath it, but if Phileas wins the bet Lord Kelvin will not have the means to help them. A battle against Fang and her minions commences in the workshop where the Statue of Liberty was constructed, ending in Fang being knocked out by Monique. The three friends are victorious. Though Phileas could have gotten the boat, he misses it to help Lau Xing. Phileas feels he has lost, but the other two say they may still make it if they catch the next ship. They board an old ship and Phileas convinces the captain to let him build a plane out of the ship\'s old wood in exchange for a new ship. Using the changed Wright brothers\' plans, Phileas builds a plane while the ship\'s crew builds a catapult to launch it into the sky. They reach London, where the machine falls apart and they crash in front of the Royal Academy. Lord Kelvin sends police to stop them from making it to the top step of the Royal Academy of Science, and the clock strikes noon, ending the wager. Lord Kelvin proclaims himself the victor. Monique, Fix and other ministers attest to Kelvin\'s unfair methods and his bullying nature, but Kelvin scoffs at them. In the process he insults Queen Victoria, who is nearby listening. She learned that he had sold her arsenal to Fang in exchange for jade mines in China thanks to one of his aides. Kelvin is arrested, but vows revenge on all of England, especially Phileas. Phileas realizes he is one day early thanks to crossing the international date line. He ascends the stairs of the Academy and kisses Monique, victorious in his bet.'] ["Kelly Cobb travels and performs in various country rodeos in order to get enough money to buy a patch of land to call his own. One day he picks up Jackie Adams, a saloon singer and trick rider whom he saves from a clutching admirer. The two travel together and Jackie begins to fall in love with Kelly. Kelly however doesn't notice because of his drive to risk his life for the dream of the land he pursues. Jackie sums up that Kelly was just born reckless and she strives to change his free roaming lifestyle."] ['The storyline follows the struggle of Sayward Luckett  as she travels to the unsettled Ohio Valley wilderness from post-revolutionary Pennsylvania. The series takes Sayward from a young single woman, unexpectedly left with three sisters to raise, to a married woman who becomes a mother of seven. Her faithful devotion to her family is recounted against the day-to-day struggle for survival.'] ["Julián Torralba is a former film stuntman in Almeria, Spain. He and several of his colleagues, who once made a living in American Westerns shot in Spain, now are reduced to doing stunt shows for minuscule audiences on the decaying set built for those old Westerns. Julián wrestles with dark memories of the death of his son, also a stuntman, and with estrangement from his daughter-in-law Laura and her son Carlos. Carlos, a young boy, becomes intrigued with his late father's life and runs away to join Julián and his band of has-beens. There Carlos is initiated into the rambunctious life of these hard-drinking faux cowboys. But when Laura, a powerful executive looking for a new site for a tourist resort, learns that Carlos has joined the hated Julián, she moves to destroy even this remnant of Julián's once-proud career. Julián and the cowboys decide to fight back the only way they know how."] ['Notorious gunslinger George Kelby Jr.  and his wife Dora  settle down in a peaceful little town of Cross Creek under assumed identities to avoid having to continually face men out to become famous for shooting down the "fastest gun alive". George becomes a mild-mannered teetotal shopkeeper little respected by the other townsfolk. One day, the whole town hears the news that outlaw Vinnie Harold  has gunned down Clint Fallon, reputedly the "fastest gun in the west", and he listens to the townsmen talk about Wyatt Earp, Wes Hardin, and other so-called "fast guns". They are also laughing at George, seeing him as nothing but a "ribbon clerk". HIs pride stung, he goes back to his store, retrieves his gun from hiding , belts it on, and - over her desperate pleading not to destroy the peaceful life they have built - says "they have to know who I am" and goes to the bar. The men are astonished - and a little afraid - at seeing George wearing a gun, believing him to be drunk. He sets about destroying the myths these men have about gunmen, displaying a detailed knowledge of guns and gunmen they never suspected he had, and finally blurts out his secret that he is the fastest gun alive... "...faster than Earp, faster than Hardin, faster than Fallon, and faster than the man who killed him." When the citizens disbelieve him, he takes them into the street and gives them a demonstration of his skill. First, with only two shots, he hits two silver dollars tossed into the air on the count of three by two men. Following that, he shoots a beer glass full of beer dropped from a man\'s hand at twenty feet, hitting it almost immediately after it left the man\'s hand. Meanwhile, while everyone is in the church where they have taken an oath not to tell George\'s secret, Harold has come to town and finds out about George\'s display of gun skill from a local boy. Even though he is on the run---and over the objections of his fellow bank robbers, Taylor Swope  and Dink Wells , who just want to escape the law---Harold decides to stay and face George. Vinnie finds out that the "fast gun" is in the church and sends Swope to the church to call him out so his boss can meet him. When the town refuses to send out "the man who shot two silver dollars at the same time", Harold sends Dink out to find some kerosene and pour it over all the building in town, and then orders Swope to deliver a message to the people in the church that if the fast gun doesn\'t come out in five minutes, Vinnie and his men will burn down the whole town unless George faces him. The townspeople now "forget" their oath and try to force George into the street. George now has to tell the whole truth, explaining that he is no gunman, that he has never been in a real gunfight. The gun with the notches in the handle is actually his father\'s  and he is terrified at the prospect of actually facing a man in a gunfight. Swope and Wells elect to abandon Vinnie. Dink stays for awhile, but rides off. Swope, who decides to take his share of the gang\'s loot, is told by Vinnie to either draw or ride out—but without any of the loot. Swope leaves, toys with the idea of drawing on Vinnie. He thinks better of it and leaves, just before George exits the church to face Vinnie. But with no other choice, George forces down his fear and goes out into the street, where he outdraws and kills Harold. When a posse pursuing the outlaws shows up, the townspeople, who are attending the burial of Harold and Kelby, claim that Kelby and Harold shot each other dead. After the posse leaves, it\'s revealed that Kelby wasn\'t killed and that a coffin filled with stones, Kelby\'s gun, and Kelby\'s reputation as "the fastest gun alive," was buried. This allows George and Dora to resume their peaceful existence in Cross Creek.'] ["Gene Autry plays a singing ranch foreman who, as executor of the will of the property's owner, must ensure that Cody, the daughter/heiress  doesn't marry without his approval. Cody wishes to marry Larry Cummings ([[Craig Reynolds , but Gene refuses, prompting Cummings to attempt to have Gene killed. When this fails, Cummings then demands money so Cody stages a fake kidnaping to raise the funds. However, her plan backfires after Cummings learns about it and turns it into a real kidnaping."] ['Based on Neil Swanson\'s Unconquered, a Novel of the Pontiac Conspiracy, the film focuses on "Abby" Hale , who is condemned to death by a British court, then offered clemency if she will become an indentured servant in America. There is a bidding competition between Captain Christopher Holden  and Martin Garth , which Holden wins. He then sets her free. Unfortunately, Garth is a sore loser; he kidnaps Abby and takes her to the western frontier, where he is involved in illegal arms sales to the Native Americans. Soon, Holden becomes involved in the conflict with the warring tribes and is reunited with Abby; he also has further confrontations with Garth and his henchman .'] ['Set in 1898, the film concerns Prentice "Prent" Ritter , an aging cowboy who wants to buy a ranch of his own. To accomplish this, he agrees to transport 500 mustangs from Oregon to Wyoming, where he will sell them to the British Army. He recruits his estranged nephew, Tom Harte , to join him, hoping to reconnect with him on the ride. What starts out as a simple horse drive is complicated when Prent and Tom encounter a particularly vile slaver who is transporting five Chinese girls to a lawless mining town, where they will face a life of prostitution and indentured servitude. After he tries to steal their money and horses and is killed, the girls are left to be dealt with. Compelled to do the right thing, Prent and Tom rescue the women and take them in, but as they continue their perilous trek across the frontier, they are tailed by a vicious gang of outlaws sent by the whorehouse madam who originally paid for the girls.'] ["The Civil War is over and Congressional Medal of Honor winner John Benedict is a Colorado rancher now, with a wife and four children. His pride and joy, son Morgan, is invited to attend West Point, but prefers to help run his father's ranch. One day while John is away, he sees Comanche Indians riding from the ranch. He returns to find his family killed, Morgan hanged inside a barn. Vowing vengeance, John ignores a posse organized by Sheriff Whitcomb and forms his own band, freeing six men from a prison. If they help him find Tarp, who apparently led the slaughter of his family, John will do everything in his power to pardon them from jail. One of the six, Chamaco, bonds with John, feels like a son to him, but is offended by John's reaction to that. He shoots John in the chest. Elizabeth Reilly nurses him back to health, saying the bullet missed his heart by an inch. The six convicts, including Chamaco, continue to follow John in his quest. The trail leads them to a U.S. Army camp, where the six help fend off an Indian attack. By the time John comes face to face with Tarp, his thirst for revenge is gone and he rides home."] ['Bank robber Jim Larsen is handcuffed to Deputy Marshall George Allison  who is taking Larsen aboard a train to begin a 5–10 year prison sentence. Without animosity, Larsen tells the deputy that he will use his time in prison to plan more bank robberies. This new robbery would be foolproof as Larsen feels that he was only caught by using a partner; the next time will be singlehanded. Boarding the train, Larsen overpowers the deputy, takes his pistol and handcuffs one of his arms to the guardrail on the rear car of the train. Suddenly, Larsen\'s younger brother Danny  unexpectedly comes from the train to free Larsen, even though Larsen was handling his escape fine. The elder Larsen chides Danny that he does not need help from anyone. Danny explains that he has brought Jim a horse, and they flee. As they ride off the deputy produces a hidden derringer from an ankle holster, aiming at them. He mortally wounds Danny who kills the deputy. The two board another train by hiding in the baggage car. Jim explains his escape plans to Danny enroute, but Danny dies. Jim places his brother\'s corpse in a mail sack and throws it off a bridge passing over a river and vows to be alone in the future. The train\'s first stop is the Enterprize Mine  where Jim changes into his father\'s business suit which Danny brought, and Jim reboards the train as a passenger. The only vacant seat is next to Alice  a six year old girl who has been visiting her grandfather who is the Marshall at the Enterprize Mine. The talkative Alice guesses that as she does not recognise Jim, he must be a visiting mining inspector. Using the name Ray Kincaid, Larsen plays along with her guess and gathers information on the next town, Tangle Blue, Wyoming. Mark Riley , an earnest but inexperienced sheriff who is young Alice\'s uncle, and a group of deputies stop the train to search for the deputy\'s murderer, but they are satisfied with "Ray Kincaid the mining inspector" due to his travelling with Alice. The deputies say that the wanted poster depicting the deputy\'s murderer with Jim Larsen\'s face will be arriving on the next day\'s train and everyone will be checked entering or leaving the town. Larsen/Kincaid arrives in town, meeting Alice\'s mother, the widow Ellen Bailey ([[Dorothy Green . Uncle Mark is having problems with rich landowner Reed Williams ([[Alan Baxter  fencing off what he thinks is his land but which the government declares open range. Larsen/Kincaid uses his remaining money to have a shave then buy a horse and tack, a set of work clothes, and a pistol, belt and ammunition to replace the pistol he threw away during the search on the train. Larsen/Kincaid finds all the roads away from Tangle Blue are guarded by deputies who are preventing anyone leave the town until the wanted posters come in. Returning to town and desperate for cash, he decides to earn some money as being a deputy for Mark. Larsen/Kincaid attends a dance with Ellen who wants to leave Tangle Blue. He proves his worth by stopping a showdown between Williams\' gang and Mark. Escorting her and Alice home, they pass some deputies who have discovered Danny\'s unidentified body in the sack that the river has brought to town. Though Larsen/Kincaid tries to avoid getting involved with Ellen, they fall in love. As part of his duties in enforcing the law, Mark cuts down Williams\' barbed wire fences, that Williams\' gang of toughs re-construct. Sheriff Mark reminds Larsen/Kincaid of Danny, and Mark is being menaced by Williams and his gang who threaten to kill Mark if he cuts down their fence one more time. Returning to town to drink, Williams and his gang menace Larsen/Kincaid who responds by beating up Williams, but Larsen/Kincaid is soon worked over by his Williams\' gang. The next day Larsen/Kincaid is the only deputy willing to go with Mark to cut down Williams\' fence. Mark cuts down the fence then returns to town to meet the train arriving with the posters depicting the face of the fugitive leaving Larsen/Kincaid to watch the fence. Though having the chance to escape, he notices one of Williams\' toughs Purdy  repairing the fence. Larsen re-cuts the barbed wire by shooting the strands with his Winchester rifle that sets the strands to wrap around Purdy. He singlehandedly takes on Williams and his gang.'] ['On the verge of his retirement at Fort Starke, a one-troop cavalry post, the aging US Cavalry Capt. Nathan Cutting Brittles  is given one last patrol, to take his troop and deal with a breakout from the reservation by the Cheyenne and Arapaho following the defeat of George Armstrong Custer. His task is complicated by being forced at the same time to deliver his commanding officer\'s wife and niece, Abby Allshard  and Olivia Dandridge , to an east-bound stage, and by the need to avoid a new Indian war. His troop officers, 1st Lt. Flint Cohill  and 2nd Lt. Ross Pennell  meanwhile vie for the affections of Miss Dandridge while uneasily anticipating the retirement of their captain and mentor. Rounding out the cast are Capt. Brittles\' chief scout, Sgt. Tyree ([[Ben Johnson , a one-time Confederate cavalry officer; his First Sergeant, Quincannon ; and Major Allshard ([[George O\'Brien , long-time friend and commanding officer. After apparently failing in both missions, Capt. Brittles returns with the troop to Fort Starke to retire. His lieutenants continue the mission in the field, joined by Capt. Brittles after "quitting the post and the Army". Unwilling to see more lives needlessly taken, Capt. Brittles takes it upon himself to try to make peace with Chief Pony That Walks . When that too fails, he devises a risky stratagem to avoid a bloody war by stampeding the Indians\' horses out of their camp, forcing the renegades to return to their reservation. The movie ends with Brittles being recalled to duty as chief of scouts with the rank of lieutenant-colonel and Miss Dandridge and Lieutenant Cohill becoming engaged.'] ['Pearl Chavez  is orphaned after her father Scott Chavez  kills her mother , having caught his wife with a lover . Before his execution, Chavez arranges for Pearl to live with his second cousin and old sweetheart, Laura Belle . Arriving by stagecoach, Pearl is met by Jesse McCanles , one of Laura Belle\'s two grown sons. He takes her to Spanish Bit, their enormous cattle ranch. The gentle and gracious Laura Belle is happy to welcome her to their home, but not so her husband, the wheelchair-using Senator Jackson McCanles , who calls her "a half-breed" and jealously despises her father. The second son, Lewt , is a ladies man with a personality quite unlike that of his gentlemanly brother Jesse. He expresses his interest in Pearl in direct terms and she takes a strong dislike to him. Laura Belle calls in Mr. Jubal Crabbe, the "Sinkiller" , a gun-toting preacher, to counsel Pearl on how to avoid the evils of temptation. Pearl is determined to remain "a good girl." When she is overpowered by Lewt in her bedroom one night, Pearl is angry with him and ashamed of her own behavior. But she also cannot help but be flattered by his lust and attentions. Jesse, meanwhile, is ostracized by his father and no longer welcome at the ranch after siding with railroad men, headed by Mr. Langford , against the Senator\'s personal interests. Jesse is in love with Pearl but he leaves for Austin to pursue a political career and becomes engaged to Helen Langford , Langford\'s daughter. Offended when Lewt reneges on a promise to marry her, Pearl takes up with Sam Pierce , a neighboring rancher who is smitten with her. She does not love him but says yes to his proposal. Before they can be married, however, Lewt picks a fight with Pierce in a saloon and guns him down. He insists that Pearl can belong only to him. However, Lewt becomes a wanted man. On the run from the law, Lewt finds time to derail a train and occasionally drop by the ranch late at night and foist his attentions on Pearl. She cannot resist her desire for him and lies for Lewt to the law, hiding him in her room. Laura Belle\'s health takes a turn for the worse and the Senator admits his love for her before she dies. Jesse returns to visit but is too late; his mother is dead. The Senator continues to shun him, as does Lewt, their family feud finally resulting in a showdown. Lewt tosses a gun to his unarmed brother but before it can be picked up, he shoots Jesse. The Senator\'s old friend, Lem Smoot ([[Harry Carey  tells him that Jesse is going to make it and the old man softens up towards his son. A livid Pearl is relieved that Jesse is going to survive. When Helen arrives, she invites Pearl to leave Spanish Bit forever and come live with them in Austin. Pearl agrees, but she is tipped off by one of the Spanish Bit hands, Sid  that Lewt intends to come after Jesse again. She arms herself and engages in a shootout with Lewt in the desert, where they die in each other\'s arms.'] ["After rounding up a large herd of horses, Gene Autry  receives a telegram from his brother Tex , who is mining diamonds in South Africa. The message states that Tex and his partner, Edward Barclay, have discovered a big strike in the Valley of Suspicion and urges Gene to bring as many horses as possible to Dunbar, South Africa, wher he can contact John Cardigan , the saloon owner who staked Tex and Barclay. Gene and his sidekick Frog  quickly arrange for passage overseas and accompany the horses to South Africa. Meanwhile Tex and his partner, while on their way back to Dunbar from their mine, are ambushed by Cardigan's men. Barclay is killed and Tex is able to escape. Cardigan wants sole control of the mine. Sometime later, Gene and Frog arrive at Dunbar and hire Barkey McCuskey, a small-time English con artist, as their auctioneer for when they sell their horses. Worried that Tex is not in Dunbar, Gene stoutly defends his brother when Cardigan tells him he is being sought for the murder of Barclay. Gene grows suspicious of Cardigan when he sees that the saloon owner tampered with another telegram from Tex. Cardigan in turn grows jealous as Gene who becomes friendly with saloon singer Gwen , who is Barclay's daughter. The next day Gene sees Cardigan's servant Namba  at the auction wearing the belt buckle that Gene gave to Tex, and Gene becomes more suspicious of Cardigan, whose henchman, Craig Johnson , plans to kill the Texans that night. Johnson arranges to have Gene and Frog arrested after he gives uncut diamonds to Frog in return for a horse. The police explain that it is illegal to have uncut diamonds without a license. The next day, while the police take Gene and Frog to Kimberly for trial, the Texans manage to escape. Later they find Cardigan as he is making his way through the jungle with Johnson, Gwen, and Barkey in search of the diamond mine. The group is captured by natives and brought before Chief Bosuto . Just as they are about to be sacrificed, Frog wins the chief over by teaching his children to sing. The chief agrees to let the others go if Frog stays behind to teach his children more music. Frog and Cardigan stay with the natives while Gene, Barkey, and Gwen are led away by Namba. After the police arrive and free Cardigan, and head to Cardigan's jungle hideout, where Tex is beling held a slave. Gene arrives and frees his brother and the other workers. Cardigan and Johnson attempt to escape, taken Gwen as a hostage, but Frog catches up with Johnson and Gene fights with Cardigan, who falls from a cliff to his death. The police arrive and capture the rest of Cardigan's gang. Later on the ship returning to Texas, while Frog sings along with Bosuto's children, Gene and Gwen kiss."] ['Singing cowboy Roy Rogers  is an insurance investigator sent to find a stash of money lifted from a company payroll. Portraying a performer on a showboat as an undercover guise, Roy meets Betty Weston , the daughter of the alleged robber Sam Weston , who has recently escaped from prison. Together, Roy and Betty set out to prove her father was wrongly accused and track down the real criminal.'] ['The Soul of Nigger Charley continues the story of escaped slave Charley  and fellow ex-slave Toby . This time, the two friends help a group of ex-slaves earn freedom as they combat a ruthless ex-Civil War officer who wants to keep slavery alive by selling blacks to Southern plantation owners in Mexico.'] ['After her young son is killed in a bank robbery, Kit Tilden  is determined to bury him beside his father in Siringo, now deserted and located in Apache territory. Yellowleg , the ex-army officer who accidentally killed her son, desides to help take the body across the desert to be buried, whether Kit wants help or not.'] ['Paul Hogan plays Lightning Jack Kane, an Australian outlaw who is continuously annoyed at not being recognised as an outlaw, partially due to his lackluster and occasionally completely failed robberies. Whilst attempting a robbery, he takes mute Ben Doyle  as a hostage. He later discovers that, tired of never been treated with respect due to his disability, Ben wishes to join him. Jack attempts to teach Ben how to shoot a gun and rob banks, with his first attempt at "on-the-job" training ending with Ben shooting himself in the foot. Across the course of the training, they pay occasional visits to saloons where Jack shows Ben the truth about adult life, including helping him to lose his virginity. However, the true nature of the saloon visits is for Jack to make contact with showgirl Lana Castel , who, unbeknownst to Jack, is madly in love with him. When Ben\'s training is complete, the pair learn of a bank which is said to be the hardest in the country to rob, the entire town armed and ready to protect it. Jack sees this as the test he has been waiting for, and together they hatch a plan to rob it. Everything seems to be going smoothly and they are set to begin, until Jack discovers that a rival gang of outlaws is also planning to rob the bank. He is prepared to give up when Ben has a plan of his own. Ben silently tips off the townspeople, who quickly swarm the bank with the rival outlaws inside. The gang are arrested and the entire town celebrates, allowing Jack and Ben to slip unnoticed into the bank and swiftly strip it clean. Before leaving, Jack jumps into the celebrations, ensuring that his grinning face appears at the top of the town photo. By the time the true robbery is discovered, the pair - and Lana - are gone, with a bounty of thousands on their heads and all of America searching for them - the life that Jack had always wanted.'] ['The film centers on Dracula\'s plot to convert Billy the Kid\'s fiancee, Betty Bentley, into his vampire wife. Dracula impersonates Bentley\'s uncle and schemes to make her his vampiric bride. Fortunately for Betty, a German immigrant couple come to work for her and warn Bentley that her "uncle" is a vampire. While Bentley does not believe them, their concerns confirm Billy\'s suspicions that something is not quite right with Betty\'s uncle. Eventually, the Count kidnaps Betty and takes her to an abandoned silver mine. Billy confronts the Count but soon finds that bullets are no match for a vampire. The Count subdues the notorious outlaw and sets out to transform Betty into his vampire mate. Just then, the town sheriff and a country doctor arrive. The doctor hands Billy a scalpel telling him he must drive it through the vampire\'s heart. Billy throws his gun at the vampire and knocks him senseless, making him easy pickings for a staking. With the count destroyed, Betty is saved and Billy takes her away, presumably to live happily ever after.'] ["On the lam after a robbery and needing a place to hide out, Vermilion O'Toole and her partner, Newt Cole, settle down in a new town. Going by a new name, Mae Madison, the lady outlaw is surprised by three young boys who are looking for a new wife for their recently widowed dad, Will Hall. A complication or two arises when the new gal and Will begin to hit it off."] ['Trevor Howard plays Windwalker, an aged Cheyenne warrior. As a husband and father, he helplessly watched the killing of his wife and the kidnapping of one of his sons during a raid by rival Crow warriors. After many years of searching for his lost son unsuccessfully, Windwalker dies during the winter months of 1797 in what will become the state of Utah. The Great Spirit reawakens him for one final task: to answer the mystery about his missing son in order for him to have a peaceful afterlife. Windwalker then helps his other son lead a group of fellow Cheyenne people who are trekking south towards warmer climates and facing not only the elements of nature but a small group of hostile Crow warriors. With his family safe and his son restored to him Windwalker confronts his old enemy and offers him peace, but the Crow refuses, forcing a final battle.'] ["The rich, typified by the handsome man-about-town Lennox , are exceptionally selfish and think only of their own pleasure. Anna  is a poor country girl whom Lennox tricks into a fake wedding. When she becomes pregnant, he leaves her. She has the baby, named Trust Lennox, on her own. When the baby dies she wanders until she gets a job with Squire Bartlett . David , Squire Bartlett's son, falls for her, but she rejects him due to her past. Then Lennox shows up lusting for another local girl, Kate. Seeing Anna, he tries to get her to leave, but she refuses to go, although she promises to say nothing about his past. Finally, Squire Bartlett learns of Anna's past from Martha, the town gossip. In his anger, he tosses Anna out into a snow storm. Before she goes, she fingers the respected Lennox as her despoiler and the father of her dead baby. Anna becomes lost in the raging storm while David leads a search party. In the famous climax, the unconscious Anna floats down an icy river towards a waterfall, until rescued at the last moment by David, who, in the final scene, marries her. Subplots relate the romances and eventual marriages of some of the picaresque characters inhabiting the village."] ['In 1776, American colonists Gilbert Martin  and Lana Borst  marry and leave her luxurious home in Albany, New York for a small farm in Deerfield on the western frontier of the Mohawk Valley in central New York. Lana has difficulty in adjusting to frontier life, but soon is working alongside her husband. The American Revolution begins. Lana is pregnant and miscarries when the Martin farm is burned to the ground in an Indian attack led by a Tory, Caldwell . With no home and winter approaching, the Martins accept work on the farm of wealthy widow Mrs. McKlennar . Life returns to peaceful normality; Mrs. McKlennar and the Martins prosper. However, an attack by Tories and Indians threatens the valley, and the militia is called up. Ill-equipped and poorly trained, the settlers barely manage to defeat the enemy at Oriskany. Gil returns home wounded and delirious. Lana is again pregnant, and while Gil recovers from his wounds, she gives birth to their son. The Tories and Mohawks attack German Flatts, and the settlers take refuge in Fort Herkimer.In reality, Forts Herkimer and Dayton were within sight of each other on opposite sides of the Mohawk River. The attack in the film combines two scenes from the novel: an early raid involving a small settlement fort near Deerfield, and a passing mention of a brief 1782 siege of Fort Dayton very late in the novel. Mrs. McKlennar is mortally wounded, and ammunition runs short. Gil makes a dash through enemy lines to secure help from nearby Fort Dayton. As the Indians scale the walls of the fort, reinforcements arrive from Fort Dayton. The Indians are overwhelmed. After the battle, the settlers learn the revolution has ended, and the American flag is unfurled above the fort.'] [" Professor Varma discovers a hidden treasure belonging to Ratnagiri Dynasty, by his researching ancient books and maps. Professor Varma decides to achieve the treasure, by gathering a team of some brave people. Bhanu, a orphan cowboy robs a bank, but the loot is robbed by Raja, another orphan cowboy. After a horse chase and fight between them, they both become friends – after revealing their pathetic flashbacks. They both have the same lockets on their necks which are commonly involved in the flashbacks, and it is known that Bahadur was a common enemy who murdered their family members for the treasure secret. In a restaurant professor Varma gathers Mala Devi, a cowgirl after a fight. Raja and Bhanu visits a entertainment feat. In the show Gandadu on a horse ride throws some swords around his sister Sivangi who stands at a door. Pleased by the feat, Raja and Bhanu offers some money and jewelry for Gandadu and Sivangi. Bhanu identifies a culprit who wears the locket which resembles his locket, but the culprit escapes. Raju and Bhanu purchases revolvers in a gun shop. Gandadu and Sivangi saves Raja and Bhanu from the police capture. Professor Varma gathers Mruta Sanjeevaraidu, a famous Ayurvedic doctor for the treasure hunt. Raja and Bhanu escapes from a bar and are joined with Professor Varma, Mala Devi and Sanjeevaraidu. Raja and Bhanu are surprised that professor Varma knows the secret of treasure. Raja and Bhanu reveals their flashbacks to professor Varma.  Sivangi is abducted by some men to capture Gandadu, for the treasure secret. Gandadu tries to redeem his sister Sivangi from but he is captured by a net. The men tortures Gandadu and Sivangi for the treasure secret. They both are saved from the torture by the team of Varma. Gandadu and Sivangi welcomes the team to their village in the forest for a dance function. Professor Varma finally forms a team with Raja, Bhanu, Mala Devi, Mrita Sanjeevaraidu, Gandadu and Sivangi as members for the treasure hunt. The team, along with Anji starts its journey for the treasure into a dense forest. In the meanwhile Bahadur rides the house of Professor Varma and knows the place of treasure. In the forest, the team is captured by some ferocious tribes. They are tied to the trees with ropes. Bhanu is loved at first sight by Vasaka, a tribal girl. The team comes to know that they are going to be scarified to the goddess. Vasaka is assured by the tribal head that she can marry Bhanu, provided if Bhanu wins in sword fight against another tribal man. Bhanu wins the sword fight and Vasaka is married to him. In the wedding night, Bhanu pleads Vasaka to help his team escape from the sacrifice. At that night, Vasaka arranges a program for the silent team escape, but in the horse chase she is killed by the pilums. At one place, the team dismounts the horses and starts journey by walk. Mritasanjeeva raidu eats an egg which puts him in temporal misbehavior, but he is saved by the team with few herbal remedies. The team rests at a place, where Sivangi falls in love with Raja. Gandadu dislikes the union of his sister Sivangi with Raja. He fights with Raja and accepts the union when Sivangi tries to commit suicide. One night Mrita Sanjeevaraidu and Mala Devi tries to steal the secret map of treasure from Professor Varma. Mruta Sanjeevaraidu kills Anji who try to stop him going. Next morning the team finds Anji killed. Mrita Sanjeevaraidu is taken away by the men of Bahadur for the map. Mala Devi is found unconscious at a stream by the team. The team finds a stupendous cave entrance resembling a monstrous head. The team goes into the dark cave through the mouth of monstrous head. In the cave they descend into a hole which leads to a hall of treasure. The team finds the treasure chest in huge box and escapes out with it. Gandadu hides the treasure chest at a place and brings his tribes for help. Outside of the cave Mruta Sanjeevaraidu awaits along with Bahadur. The team is captured at the cave by Mruta Sanjeevaraidu and Bahadur. Bahadur reveals that he killed Varma's two friends who are fathers of Raja and Bhanu, in knowing the secret of treasure. Sivangi and Mala Devi are tortured by Bahadur men to make Gandadu come to the place. Gandadu comes with his army and rescues the team. Bahadur and Mrita Sanjeevaraidu finds the treasure chest in bushes and tries to escape with it. The movie ends with the team taking the treasure chest after killing Bahadur and Mrita Sanjeevaraidu."] ['Beans and his companions travelling and exploring in a wagon train. At the front, Beans plays an accordion, and Little Kitty strums a banjo. The two also sing while the rest harmonise. Soon the travellers set up camp in the woods and enjoy their night. Ham and Ex sneak out to explore a bit, but then they notice some feathers around a boulder and raise an alarm of Native Americans. When Beans shoots at the feathers it is revealed to be a turkey. Ham and Ex of course knew that and Beans warns them not to create anymore false alarms. Just to spice up their little adventure and to entertain themselves, Ham and Ex perform the Indian charge call. This raises another alarm, so Ham and Ex hide in the woods and stumble into an actual Native. The Native gives chase, but the pups escape and head back to camp to warn everyone. No one believes and this is another of their pranks. Ham and Ex then hide themselves in a chest. Shortly the whole Native tribe arrives, alerting the camp. The explorers manage to counter the invasion, while Ham and Ex and nabbed by one of the Natives. Beans rescues them by tossing a foothold trap at their captive. As the pups watch Beans plays a little prank on them with a holler call, scaring them into chest.'] ['Roy Rogers , posing as The Carson City Kid, is seeking vengeance on Morgan Reynolds, the man who killed his brother. To find Reynolds in the gold towns, he systematically stops stagecoaches and goes through the mail, hoping to find letters addressed to Reynolds and thusly learn his whereabouts. Thus "The Kid" earns the reputation of a stagecoach robber, although he never takes anything, and the reputation is enhanced by the fact that he travels with Laramie , a notorious half-breed outlaw. A posse is about to capture them and Roy rides back to get Laramie whose horse has been shot, and Laramie repays the favor by slugging Roy and escaping on his horse Trigger. The posse rides by the unseen Roy and captures Laramie and, since he is riding the "Kid\'s" horse, take him to jail as being the "Kid." Laramie denies this and is told he will be free when he identifies the "Kid"; othewise he will hang. Roy rides into town, having deduced that the Morgan Reynolds he is looking for operates the Yellowback Saloon under the alias of "Lee Jessup"  . As part of his plan to get evidence against Jessup, who also does not know his true identity, Roy takes a job as saloon shotgun guard, and meets saloon singer Joby Madison  and falls in love with her. This doesn\'t set well with Jessup, as he has plans of his own regarding Joby. Young gold miner Scott Warren , having hit his strike and heading for home with his fortune, comes into the Yellowback, talks too much about his stake, and is soon relieved of it in a crooked poker game by Jessup and friends. Scott, realizing he had been cheated, breaks into Jessup\'s office and, announcing he is the Carson City Kid, holds up Jessup henchman Harmon  and takes his gold and some letters and papers from the safe. Captured, he is taken before Laramie, who quickly identifies him as the "Kid" although he has never seen him before, in order to win the immunity promised him. Roy, masked as the Carson City Kid and speaking Spanish as the Kid did on the stage holdups, intervenes and at gunpoint, asks Jessup to identify what Scott has stolen from him. Besides the gold, Jessup unwittingly identifies as his own the latters and documents, which establish him as Morgan Reynolds. Reynolds meets justice and Roy is exonerated. ne fine little B-western with an excellent performance by George "Gabby" Hayes , before he had the character down as a sleep-walking exercise and was still revolving, and by, as mentioned, Pauline Moore, as a no-excuses heroine for being where she was doing what she did as a saloon entertainer.'] ['In 1916, the notorious bandit El Guapo  and his gang of thugs are collecting protection money from the small Mexican village of Santo Poco. Carmen , daughter of the village leader, searches for someone who can come to the rescue of her townspeople. While visiting a small village church, she remains to watch a silent film featuring "The Three Amigos" and, believing them to be real heroes, sends a telegram to Hollywood asking them to come and stop El Guapo. However, the telegraph operator edits her message down since she has very little money to pay for it. Meanwhile, Lucky Day , Dusty Bottoms , and Ned Nederlander  are Hollywood silent film actors who portray the heroic Amigos on screen. When they demand a salary increase, studio boss Harry Flugleman  fires them and evicts them from their studio-owned housing. Shortly afterward, they receive Carmen\'s telegram, but misinterpret it as an invitation to make a show appearance with El Guapo. After breaking into the studio to retrieve their costumes, the Amigos head for Mexico. Stopping at a cantina near Santo Poco, they are mistaken for associates of a fast-shooting German pilot , who is also looking for El Guapo and who arrived just before they did. A relieved Carmen picks up the Amigos and takes them to the village, where they are put up in the best house in town and treated very well. The next morning, when three of El Guapo\'s men come to raid the village, the Amigos do a Hollywood-style stunt show that leaves them very confused. The bandits ride off, making everyone think that the Amigos have defeated the enemy. In reality, the men inform El Guapo of what has happened, and he decides to return in force the next day and kill the Amigos. As the German\'s real associates arrive at the cantina, proving themselves just as adept with pistols as he is, the village throws a boisterous celebration for the Amigos and their  victory. The next morning, El Guapo and his gang come to Santo Poco and call out the Amigos, who confess that they have only been acting and are too scared to confront him after Lucky gets shot in the arm. El Guapo allows his men to loot the village and kidnaps Carmen, and the Amigos leave Santo Poco in disgrace. With nothing waiting for them back home, Ned persuades Lucky and Dusty to become real-life heroes and go after El Guapo. Their first attempt to find his hideout fails, but they spot a cargo plane and follow it to him; the plane is flown by the German, who has brought a shipment of rifles for the gang with his associates\' help. Preparations are underway for El Guapo\'s 40th birthday party, and he plans to make Carmen his bride. The Amigos try to sneak into the hideout, with mixed results: Lucky is captured and chained up in a dungeon, Dusty crashes through a window and into Carmen\'s room, and Ned ends up stuck in the piñata. As Lucky frees himself and Dusty sneaks out only to be caught, Ned falls loose and is also captured. The German, having idolized Ned\'s quick-draw and gunspinning pistol skills since childhood, challenges him to a shootout. Ned wins, killing the German, and Lucky holds El Guapo at gunpoint long enough for Carmen and the Amigos to escape{{spaced ndash}}first on horseback, then in the German\'s plane. Returning to Santo Poco with El Guapo\'s entire army in pursuit, they rally the villagers to stand up for themselves and plan a defense. The bandits arrive in the seemingly empty village, only to find themselves suddenly being shot at by Amigos from all sides and falling into hidden water-filled trenches dug by the villagers. Eventually all of El Guapo\'s men either desert him or die in the gunfire, and he takes a fatal wound as well. As he lies dying, the villagers{{spaced ndash}}all armed and wearing replicas of the Amigos\' costumes{{spaced ndash}}step out to confront him. El Guapo congratulates them on this plan, then shoots Lucky in the foot and dies. The villagers offer to give the Amigos all the money they have, but the Amigos refuse it, saying  that seeing justice done is enough of a reward for them. They then ride off into the sunset.'] ['Wounded and on the run, notorious gunman Quirt Evans gallops onto a farm owned by Quaker Thomas Worth and his family and promptly collapses from exhaustion. When Quirt urgently insists upon sending a telegram, Thomas and his daughter Penelope drive him into town in their wagon. After wiring a claim to the land recorder\'s office, Quirt kisses Penny and then passes out. Ignoring the doctor\'s advice to rid themselves of the gunman, the compassionate Worth family tends to the delirious Quirt, and Penny becomes intrigued by his ravings of past loves. Days later, Quirt regains consciousness and Penny patiently explains the family\'s credo of non-violence. Three weeks later, Laredo Stevens and Hondo Jeffries ride into town looking for Quirt. When Penny\'s younger brother Johnny rushes home to inform Quirt of his visitors, Quirt quickly prepares to flee, and Penny, now smitten with Quirt, offers to run off with him. At the sound of approaching horses, Quirt grabs his gun and discovers that it has been emptied. Training his gun on the doorway, Quirt calmly greets Hondo and Laredo. Thinking that Quirt has the upper hand, Laredo, who has come for Quirt\'s deed to the land, offers to buy his claim. When Quirt sets the price at $20,000, Laredo hands over $5,000 in gold and challenges him to come for the balance when he is able – if he has the nerve. The implication is clear.  Afterward, Quirt saddles his horse with the intention of leaving, but when Penny begs him to stay, he changes his mind. Later, while helping with the farm chores, Quirt learns that cantankerous rancher Frederick Carson has dammed up the stream that runs through the valley, thus draining the Worths\' irrigation ditches. Immediately proceeding to the Carson ranch, Quirt demands that Carson open the dam, and Carson, intimidated by Quirt\'s reputation, complies. Soon after, water flows onto the Worths\' land, and in gratitude, Mrs. Worth treats a boil on Carson\'s neck and plies him with baked goods. This newly attained accord between neighbors gives Quirt a sense of accomplishment. One Sunday, Penny asks Quirt to join the family for a ride. Before they leave, Marshal Wistful McClintock comes to question Quirt about a stagecoach robbery and the family swears that Quirt was with them at the time of the robbery. The marshal then asks Quirt why he resigned as Wyatt Earp\'s deputy, sold his ranch and crossed over to the wrong side of the law soon after cattleman Walt Ennis was gunned down by Laredo in a saloon brawl. When Quirt refuses to answer, the marshal leaves. Penny then begs Quirt to steer clear of Laredo and he acquiesces because of his love for her. As Quirt and the Worths ride to the Quaker gathering, Quirt\'s erstwhile sidekick, Randy McCall, stops them along the trail and decides to tag along. While the Quakers commence their meeting, Randy tells Quirt that Laredo plans to rustle a herd of cattle and suggests that they then steal the herd from Laredo and let him take the blame. As Randy finishes outlining his plot, Mr. Worth awards Quirt with a Bible for ending the feud with Carson. Fearing that he will never be able to live up to Penny\'s expectations, Quirt abruptly leaves with Randy. Reaching the pass just as Laredo\'s gang gallops down to stampede the herd, Quirt and Randy attack the rustlers and steal the herd from them. In the town of Rim Rock that night, Quirt and Randy celebrate their victory with showgirls Lila Neal and Christine Taylor. When Lila, sensing a change in her old flame, teases Quirt about his Bible, Quirt becomes angry and rides back to the Worth farm. Overjoyed by his return, Penny throws her arms around him just as the marshal arrives to question Quirt about the rustling. Quirt states that Lila can provide him with an alibi, causing Penny to become jealous. Although the marshal warns Quirt that he is the wrong man for Penny and will inevitably wind up at the end of a rope. But, out of respect for Quirt, he will be sure to use a new rope. Quirt decides to propose to her anyway. Instead of replying, Penny invites Quirt to join her picking blackberries. As they wander through the bushes, Quirt, prodded by Penny\'s questions, recalls his childhood. Reared by the kindly Walt Ennis after his parents were massacred by Indians, the young Quirt found himself alone once again after Ennis was murdered in a saloon fight. His story completed, Quirt and Penny begin the journey home when their wagon is ambushed by Laredo and Hondo. Spooked, the horses gallop out of control, causing the wagon to plunge over a cliff into the river, temporarily submerging both Penny and Quirt. When Penny develops a life-threatening fever due to the accident, Quirt straps on his pistol and rides to town to exact revenge. After Quirt leaves, Penny\'s fever suddenly breaks, and she regains her lucidity. In town, Quirt is about to draw down on Laredo and Hondo when Penny and her family arrive in their wagon. No longer driven by revenge, Quirt surrenders his gun to Penny. As Laredo and Hondo prepare to gun down a now-unarmed Quirt, McClintock appears and shoots them both. After Quirt renounces lawlessness in favor of farming and rides off in the Worths\' wagon with Penny, the marshal picks up Quirt\'s discarded weapon from the dust. He says he will hang it on his office wall – "with a new rope."'] ["Bounty hunter Ben Brigade  captures wanted outlaw Billy John , who brags that his brother Frank  will never allow Brigade to take Billy John to justice in Santa Cruz, California. Along the way, Brigade comes to the rescue of a woman, Carrie Lane , whom he and a pair of unwelcome new partners, gunmen Sam Boone  and his friend Whit , take along toward safety. But Brigade knows that the reward on Billy John's head is the real motive behind Sam's and Whit's arrival, and that outlaw leader Frank won't be far behind."] ["Set in the 1890s, undercover federal agents John Tipton  and Bridger  heads for Crocket City Wyoming to supervise the vote on whether to join the Union. One group of local outlaws organized by Charles Plummer ([[Harry Woods are using dynamite to terrorize the populace and ensure that the vote fails. In the chaos Tipton and Bridger are separated and Tipton befriends a trio of settlers harassed by outlaws. They are Major Carter , his daughter Janet  and their servant Moses . Carter had recently become the new editor and publisher of the local newspaper the Crocket City Blade, and when he announces plans to use the power of the press to fight lawlessness and aid the statehood cause, he is threatened by villain Charles Plummer and subsequently shot and murdered by one of his men in a staged fight. When Plummer's henchmen eventually kill Bridger, after learning of his status as a government agent, Tipton fights on. He sends fake telegrams that trap some of Plummer's men. Then he organizes the ranchers and on election day they descend on the town barricaded by Plummer's gang and defeated the gang leader and his henchmen. On the day of the election the villains actually initially stop the homesteaders from voting but Tipton leads in a bunch of agents and ranchers to crush the outlaws. It results in all the baddies brought to justice, Wyoming becoming a state and Wayne gets the pretty girl Ann Rutherford."] ["A hardened American gunfighter arrives in a small town in the foothills of the Canadian Rockies, a place that doesn't understand or appreciate the brutal code of the American Wild West. Gunslinger Sean Rafferty , known as the Montana Kid, has a bounty on his head for killing eleven people across the western United States. He arrives in town on his horse, riding backwards, bound, with a noose around his neck, and dragging the broken tree branch over which a group had tried to hang him on the American side of the border. After being helped off his horse by a young Chinese girl named Adell , he begins to explore the town, starting with the town general store. After leaving the store, he finds his horse gone and accuses Jack , the blacksmith, of stealing it, even though Jack was simply replacing the horse's damaged shoes. After unsuccessfully trying to intimidate the blacksmith, the Montana Kid decides to call him out. Since the blacksmith has no gun, though, Sean can't shoot him because the Kid lives by a code of ethics that prevents him from killing unarmed men. When she witnesses this, Jane Taylor , one of the townsfolk, says the Kid can have her broken gun  if he builds her a windmill. Sean proceeds to go with her and stays in a hut at her farm, alternately working on the windmill and repairing the gun. After a few days, however, the Kid begins to develop feelings toward Jane while also becoming friends with the townsfolk. In the meantime, a roaming band of American bounty hunters crosses into Canada and heads for the town to claim the price on Sean's head. They terrorize a camp of Chinese railroad workers to find out his whereabouts. By now - with the addition of a part repaired by the very blacksmith he intends to duel - Sean has finally fixed Jane's pistol. He proceeds to Jack's smithy to demand the duel, gives Jack the gun, and tells him to draw. However, Sean adjusts his aim so that he is pointing his six-shooter slightly to Jack's left , providing an indication that he is done running and may want to die. The Kid tells Jack to pull the trigger, but the gun jams. The Kid takes the gun back from Jack to inspect it, but accidentally sets it off instead, with the ricocheting bullet hitting Jack in the left buttock . After Dr. Angus Schiffron  removes the fragmented bullet from Jack's buttock, the Kid agrees that he and the blacksmith are now even. He then prepares to leave town. As the Kid is riding out of town at one end, the bounty hunters are riding in behind him at the other end. They threaten the townsfolk in an effort to get them to turn over the Kid. The townsfolk instead train their rifles and shotguns on the bounty hunters with the intent of defending themselves. At this time, the Kid has returned, and, not wanting any more bloodshed, Sean tells bounty hunter leader Ben Cutler  that he will go with them if Ben agrees to leave everyone else alone. Ben accepts, but right then town resident Larry  sets off a pile of dynamite that he has placed under a large tree stump by his farmhouse in an effort to get the stump out of the ground. This sets off confusion and sparks a gunfight between the bounty hunters on one side and Sean and the townsfolk on the other. The battle ultimately ends in the town's favour after the Kid takes out Ben's crew without killing any of them. The bounty hunters end up being escorted out of Canada by the local detachment of the North-West Mounted Police, and Sean decides to remain in town. He says he's staying because of a bunch of debts he has to pay off, but he really stays to be with Jane."] ["Joe Daylight is on the run along with members of his outlaw gang, The Kid, Doc and Henri. After fleeing from a bank robbery, they manage to elude the posse chasing them after crossing into Mexico. The gang had agreed to meet up later to divide up the money, however Daylight instead uses the money to buy a ranch, the Casa Grande. Although several of them protest, the gang agrees to follow Daylight to the ranch. They are soon joined by The Traveler, who has recently joined the gang, and leads them to the ranch. Daylight plans to use the ranch as a cover to rustle cattle from his neighbors and sell them at inflated prices across the border. However, his comrades soon adapt to life on the ranch. The Traveler and The Kid meet two women named Dona Maria de Castellar and Pacesita, with whom they eventually fall in love. Daylight's plans are temporarily threatened by another bandit gang led by Rojo, who begins stealing cattle from numerous ranches in the area including his own. Organizing the local ranchers against the bandits, they succeed in chasing off Rojo. This has an unintended consequence however as Daylight's men have decided to remain at Casa Grande. He and his men begin to argue and, during the course of events, shoots and kills Doc causing The Traveler to kill Daylight in turn. With their former leader dead, the men stay on the ranch and The Traveller and Maria begin a new life on the Casa Grande.{{cite web}}"] ['Frank Dawson is killed in the town of Bottleneck by his double-crossing partner Jack Lambert, leaving a young girl without a father. For the next 15 years, she lives in orphanages and works for the Fontaines, originally from Paris, earning her the nickname "Frenchie." Now grown, she makes a fortune running a casino in New Orleans, then returns to Bottleneck to finally try to find her father\'s killer. She buys the casino the Scarlet Angel but learns that sheriff Tom Banning has cleaned up the town, forcing gamblers to go to nearby Chuckaluck, where the man in charge is Lambert. Frenchie gets in touch with Lance Cole, a man who helped her in New Orleans, and asks him to come to Bottleneck to run the Scarlet Angel with her. Lambert\'s gambling interests are threatened, so he plans to ambush Cole\'s stage. Tom intervenes and prevents bloodshed. Cole is in love with Frenchie and suspicious that Tom might be taking an interest in her. Tom\'s former fiancee, Diane, is jealous, too. She ended up marrying a rich banker, Clyde Gorman, only for his money. She and her husband rally the Bottleneck townspeople to get rid of these new gamblers in town. Frenchie visits her father\'s grave, seen by Tom, who guesses correctly that she is Dawson\'s daughter. He rides to Chuckaluck to prevent trouble, but Lambert tries to shoot him. The men of Bottleneck who want Frenchie gone head for the hills when she lies to them about a gold discovery there. Diane declares her love to Tom, who rejects her. Diane goes to the Scarlet Angel to confront Frenchie and lets it slip that her husband is Lambert\'s silent partner. The women get into a fight, which Tom breaks up. Frenchie now knows the identities of the two men who murdered her dad. When she decides against vengeance, Cole figures she won\'t kill Gorman because that would make Diane a widow, free to be with Tom. An unknown figure shoots Gorman in the back. Tom is accused and locked up in his own jail. Frenchie organizes a jailbreak, but Tom is suspicious because he thinks Frenchie could be setting him up to be gunned down by a posse. Lambert draws and Tom kills him in self-defense. When things look bleak for him, Diane confesses that it was she who killed her husband. Tom assumes that Frenchie will leave town now, but Frenchie goes into a cell, closes the door and throws away the key, letting Tom know she\'s not going anywhere.'] ['The outlaw "Tiger" Morris attempts to drive setters off their land in order to acquire the local gold deposits. A crusading newspaper editor, Tom Kirby, becomes the masked vigilante, The Black Ghost, to stop him.'] ['The film is set in the early 20th century Australian outback, where four men are following an Aboriginal man who has been accused of murder. The characters in the film are referred to by their characters rather than by names, they are: * The Tracker , * The Fanatic , * The Follower , * The Veteran  and * The Fugitive .{{Cite news}}.'] ['A scientific genius has invented a machine capable of causing planes to crash. He uses it on planes loaded with valuables. Various characters become involved in conspiracies and double crosses in an attempt to stop him.'] ['{{Expand section}} Homesteaders moving into a valley in New Mexico are being attacked by the Black Raiders. The valley had been settled by rancher Craig Dolan, who does not want the new homesteaders to be there. His son, Bart, has taken matters into his own hands and formed the Black Raiders. The Lone Ranger attempts to aid the homesteaders but he is hampered by the fact that he has been framed for being part of the Raiders. In particular, Juan Vasquez believes that he killed his brother, although when this is disproven he becomes another of the Lone Ranger\'s partners. However, the Ranger is forced to remove the mask and operate under the name of "Bill Andrews" at times in order to successfully protect the homesteaders.'] ['One morning, the little town of Newnan, Georgia, is thrown into hysteria when a UFO is reported over the nearby lake; even the personnel from the nearby Air Force base is mobilized. The only one remaining untouched by this hubbub is Sheriff Hall , the big and punchy keeper of the local law; indeed, he does not believe in aliens, especially since layabouts like Brennan  use the excitement to make all sorts of mischief. Still, strange things begin to happen to some of the citizens who share his point of view: a barber\'s chair begins to turn rapidly around its axis - along with its customer - and an ice cream cart suddenly squirts its entire contents  onto the street after the vendor had made a joke about the aliens being hungry for his ice cream. The same night, a blackout hits the city. Hall goes on patrol when his rheumatic deputy Allen  calls him to retrieve a runaway boy. Arriving at the boy\'s favorite place, the local amusement park, Hall finds not one but two boys; one of them - wearing a silver spacesuit - turns out to be the runaway, the other  perpetually introduces himself as H-725, comes up with space-related terms like lightyears and spaceship, brandishes a strange device which makes all things around him go haywire, and even enables Brennan  to escape on two occasions and Allen to  overcome his rheumatism. Still, the sheriff is not convinced - not until the boy irradiates him with what he calls "bio-magnetic energy", enabling him to make a very big trout leap into his hands and a horse talk in English! Meanwhile, however, an ambitious Air Force Captain named Briggs  sees his chance with the UFO sighting and the evidence of an alien landing  to further his own career. Working without the knowledge of his highly sceptical general, Briggs finally manages to track down the boy - but his attempts to take him away are foiled by the sheriff\'s hard-hitting fists and H-725\'s technical wizard device, as well as Brennan\'s assistance. Finally, while Hall and H-725 camp out at Stone Mountain to await the arrival of the boy\'s pick-up, Briggs and his men manage to kidnap the boy and bring him to the base. The sheriff, however, manages to infiltrate the facility and gets the boy out. In a mass showdown at the local fire brigade hall, where a party was to be held, Briggs and his men get their share from the Sheriff Hall, the little alien and their friends. Later that night, a spaceship comes to pick up H-725, and he and Hall part as friends. But as Hall returns home, he suddenly finds H-725 sitting in the back of his car - he has managed to get an additional period of leave on Earth to spend with his big friend.'] ['On his way home to West Texas, Tom Buchanan  rides into the Californian border town of Agry, and into a feud between several members of the Agry family. In helping out a Mexican seeking revenge on one of them, Buchanan finds himself against the whole family.Nott, Robert. Last Of The Cowboy Heroes: The Westerns Of Randolph Scott, Joel Mccrea, And Audie Murphy. McFarland, 2005, p.128.'] ['When the war ends, the cavalry unit commanded by Graff makes the decision to stay together, and turn outlaw. They begin committing bank robberies, and are successful due to their experience and tactics. Local citizens and lawmen are no match for them. However, when a robbery goes horribly wrong, resulting in the unit being shot up badly, with Loomis  badly wounded, they find themselves pursued by Marshal Sharp, who is respected and feared, as well as being diligent and honest and extremely capable. Graff makes the command decision to kill the injured Loomis so that he won\'t delay their escape. Eustis objects, and when Graff slaps Eustis then moves to shoot Loomis, Eustis instead shoots Graff. Graff falls out of his saddle and rolls down a hillside, and thinking he is dead, Eustis now takes command and leads the band toward Mexico, with the posse still in pursuit. Potts  initially challenges Eustis as a commander, but Eustis beats him in a fist fight. Marshal Sharp and his posse come upon the slightly wounded Graff, and take him prisoner. With Graff in chains, the posse continues their pursuit. Eustis sets up an ambush and several posse members are killed. During the chaos Graff kills Marshal Sharp. Now leaderless, the posse decides to return home, but banker McClintock demands they continue the chase. Graff makes the posse members an offer of part of the loot taken by his former gang, if they help him track them down. They accept this more generous offer. With Graff now leading the posse, the posse sets up an ambush. Graff shoots and kills Philo  and wounds Loomis, then shoots parts of Loomis\' body off, until Eustis shoots and kill Loomis to put him out of his misery. When posse members attempt to cut off Philo\'s trigger finger as a trophy, Graff tells them he will kill them if they do, as Philo was one of "his men", showing that he respected and cared for his former soldiers. Later, Graff encounters members of the gang, almost like a ghost, keeping them nervous and frightened. Wills  steals the stolen money and leaves it in front of the posse, hoping they will stop the chase. Graff kills McClintock, throwing his body and the money off a cliff. He stages a shootout with the outlaws, and tells the posse it had been a trap. Wills loses his horse, and Eustis decides it is necessary to leave him behind. On foot, Wills waits for the posse, killing a couple of them before being killed. Lovecraft encounters Graff, who gives him extra ammunition and tells him he\'ll be spared if he kills Eustis. When Eustis gives Lovecraft ammunition to fill his pistol, he finds that Lovecraft already has a full chamber. Eustis, knowing that Lovecraft did not have a full six rounds left, realizes that Lovecraft has betrayed him. However, when Eustis presses for Lovecraft to do what Graff sent him to do, Lovecraft is overwhelmed with fear and guilt, and commits suicide. There are only two gang members left, Eustis and Potts. They make for the Rio Grande River, but Potts is shot through the gut by Graff. With Potts dead, Eustis, now alone, makes a final stand against the posse. He kills all of them except for Graff. The two draw, and Eustis is faster, but his gun is empty. As Graff approaches, Eustis shoots him with a pocket derringer, which Graff hadn\'t counted on. Eustis crosses into Mexico, the last outlaw.'] ['In the autumn of 1864, remnants of the Confederate 5th Georgia Cavalry are prisoners of war in the Union prison camp at Rock Island, Illinois. Sick and dying in deplorable conditions, they find a chance for survival when Union Captain Mark Bradford  offers them release from "this stinking pesthole"Wills, Brian Steel . Gone with the Glory: The History of the Civil War in Cinema, Rowman and Littlefield. ISBN 0-7425-4525-3, p. 167. if they will join the Union Army to garrison a fort on the western frontier, undermanned because its able-bodied regulars have been sent east, leaving only "greenhorns or casualties"Wills , p. 168. like Bradford to fight Indians. Although promised that they will not be compelled to fight against their own, many of the Georgians resist the offer. Putting the decision to a vote, the issue is deadlocked when the last soldier dies before he can choose. Compassion for his men, and Bradford\'s sincerity, compels their reluctant commander, Col. Clay Tucker  to break the tie by agreeing to the conditions offered. The troop arrives at Fort Thorn, New Mexico, a small outpost of the 3rd Cavalry. Their welcome from the post commander, Major Henry Kenniston , is stern and provocative. The bitter Kenniston has a limp from a wound that relegated him to Fort Thorn early in the war. Tucker, now a lieutenant in the Union Army, dines with Kenniston, his widowed sister-in-law Elena  and civilian guests, and is put on edge by their patronizing comments. Tension becomes high when Tucker reveals that he led the cavalry charge that killed Elena\'s husband. Elena has been stranded for months at the fort on her way home, and is uneasy with her brother-in-law\'s protectiveness, suspecting that he believes himself to be his late brother\'s surrogate. Friction quickly develops between the Northern and Southern soldiers. When Tucker\'s men try to pursue a band of Indians but are ordered to stop, they mock the order as Yankee irresoluteness. Kenniston rebukes them, warning them they had been riding into an ambush. He assigns them to execute two civilians, but informed that they are Confederate agents, Tucker objects to no avail. He begins plotting to desert the command, which Kenniston shrewdly deduces. On the basis that he does not want "enemies" in his ranks, he assigns Tucker\'s troop to escort a wagon train, knowing Tucker will deliver it safely before deserting. Elena escapes by concealing herself in a wagon, which Tucker discovers but allows to continue. A civilian in the train  reveals himself as a Confederate agent and enlists Tucker in a plan to link California with the South. He persuades Tucker to return to Fort Thorn and to take back Elena to gain Kenniston\'s confidence. While surprised by Tucker\'s actions, Kenniston continues to be wary of him. The troop is away from the fort when Kenniston executes a Kiowa warrior, son of the chief Satank, as a "rebel and traitor". Tucker receives his orders to join the Confederates and makes Bradford a prisoner. He has him escorted back to the fort but Bradford\'s escort returns to report that the fort is under siege by hundreds of Kiowa warriors. Despite strong misgivings, Tucker decides to return. The troop fights its way into the fort, but can only delay the inevitable, saved from annihilation only by the setting of the sun. Bradford is killed. Kenniston decides to offer himself as a sacrifice and turns over command to Tucker. A few days later a dispatch rider arrives with news that Gen. Sherman has completed his march to the sea, spelling doom for the Confederacy. Elena tries to comfort a despairing Tucker with the hope that things will seem better tomorrow.'] ['The now retired from his position as Marshal Matt Dillon is at his ranch enjoying the wedding of his daughter when they come to arrest for the murder of a man. Assuming that only confused him with another man, Dillon accompanying the officer, but he realizes that there is a reward of five thousand dollars for his head.'] ["During the years following the Civil War, banks and trains become the targets of the James-Younger gang, outlaws who terrorize the American Midwest. The band of robbers is led by Jesse James and Cole Younger, along with several of their brothers. A detective named Rixley from the Pinkerton's agency remains on their trail. By the time the James-Younger gang rides far north in September 1876 to rob a bank in Northfield, Minnesota, word is out about them and the town has been warned. The holdup goes wrong in every way. The bank's vault has been set on a timer and cannot be opened. A cashier and another citizen are shot and killed. While trying to escape, the gang is fired upon by the townspeople, who have barricaded both ends of the main street. Two outlaws are killed and all of the Youngers are badly wounded. Jesse and Frank James are forced to leave the Youngers behind when they return home to Missouri. An attempt is made by Rixley to make the Youngers reveal where the Jameses can be found by offering them a more lenient sentence, but the Youngers remain loyal. Former gang members Bob and Charlie Ford, however, go to Jesse James' home and shoot him in the back. Frank James turns himself in to Rixley, but only on the condition that he can first attend his brother's funeral."] ['Two soldiers have been robbed and murdered while guarding a shipment of gold. Into town rides Haven, a military intelligence officer traveling incognito. A beautiful saloon singer catches Haven\'s eye. After he meets Mrs. Caslon, who owns the gold mine, Haven hears that someone called "Charlie" is the brains behind the scenes. He finds out to his surprise that Charlie is the singer. Charlie\'s lawyer, Bristow, is $6,000 in her debt and therefore might be involved in the gold theft. Haven beats up Charlie\'s saloon bouncer in a fight and is offered a job as transport chief for the gold. On the stagecoach, driver Goddard is killed and Haven knocked cold. Bristow comes to kill him, but Haven gets the upper hand. Bristow is shot by men named Prince and Marion. After persuading the sheriff to arrest him for the crime, Haven escapes, shoots Marion and learns that Charlie\'s men plan to disguise themselves as military officers to steal more of Mrs. Caslon\'s gold. Prince sneaks up intending to shoot Haven, but his bullet hits Charlie instead. Haven does away with Prince and rushes to Charlie\'s side. She tells Haven she loves him before dying in his arms.'] ["Thirty years after a nuclear apocalypse,{{cite web}} Eli  travels on foot toward the west coast of the United States. Along the way, he demonstrates uncanny survival and fighting skills, hunting wildlife and swiftly defeating a group of highway bandits who try to ambush him. Searching for a source of water, he arrives in a ramshackle town built and overseen by Carnegie . Carnegie dreams of building more towns and controlling the people by using the power of a certain book. His henchmen scour the desolate landscape daily in search of it, but to no avail. In the local town bar, Eli is set upon by a gang of bikers and he kills them all. Realizing Eli is a literate man like himself, Carnegie asks Eli to stay, although it is made clear the offer is non-negotiable. After Carnegie's blind mistress Claudia  gives Eli some food and water, Carnegie orders Claudia's daughter Solara  to seduce Eli. Eli turns her down, but she discovers he has a book in his possession. Eli offers to share his food with her. Before they eat, though, he has her pray with him. The following day, Solara prays with her mother. Carnegie overhears them and realizes Solara's words may relate to the book he has been seeking. He forces Solara to tell him Eli was reading a book. When he asks what kind, she says she does not know, but forms a cross with her two index fingers. Carnegie realizes Eli has a copy of the Bible, the book he wants. Eli sneaks out of his room and goes to the store across the street, where he had earlier given the Engineer  his portable music player to recharge the battery. Carnegie has his henchmen shoot at Eli, but the bullets seemingly just graze him, as if he is being protected. Eli shoots most of Carnegie's men and hits Carnegie in the leg with a shotgun blast. Solara leads Eli to the town's water supply, hoping she can accompany him on his travels. Eli traps her inside and continues on alone. Solara escapes and soon finds herself ambushed by two bandits who attempt to rape her, but Eli appears and kills them. As they continue on, Eli explains to Solara his mission. According to Eli, his book is the last remaining copy of the Bible, as all other copies were intentionally destroyed following the nuclear war. He says he was led to the book by a voice in his head, which then directed him to travel westward to a place where it would be safe. The voice assured him that he would be protected on his journey. Thus, for the last thirty years he has been traveling west, guided by his faith. Eventually, Eli and Solara investigate an isolated house. They fall into a hidden pit, but manage to allay the suspicions of the residents, Martha  and George , who invite them in for tea. When Eli realizes that the couple are cannibals, they attempt to leave, but then Carnegie and his posse arrive. In the ensuing shootout, George, Martha and some of Carnegie's men are killed. Eli and Solara are captured. When Carnegie threatens to kill Solara, Eli gives him the Bible. Carnegie shoots him, and leaves him for dead. Solara escapes and drives back to help Eli. Rather than chase her, Carnegie returns to the town since his sole remaining vehicle is running low on fuel. Solara picks up Eli. They drive until they reach the Golden Gate Bridge. They then row to Alcatraz, where they find a group intent on saving what they can of civilization. Eli tells the guards that he has a copy of the King James version of the Bible. Once inside, Eli, who is revealed to be blind, begins to dictate the Bible from memory to Lombardi , the leader of the group. Meanwhile, back in the town, Carnegie opens the locked Bible, but discovers that it is in Braille. He orders Claudia to read it to him, but she refuses. Carnegie's leg wound has become septic, and he realizes he is going to die. Order breaks down, and the residents start looting. Eli dies, but not before he has finished reciting the Bible. The printing press at Alcatraz begins making copies of the new King James Bible. Lombardi places one on a bookshelf between the Torah and Tanakh on one side and the Qur'an on the other. Solara is offered sanctuary, but she chooses to head back home, taking with her Eli's possessions."] ['On 6 September 1950, an exhausted platoon of the 24th Infantry Division is cut off. In addition to losing radio contact, the platoon is harassed by unseen North Korean infiltrators who silently kill the Americans and take their weapons. Platoon commander Lieutenant Benson  has only vague instructions to reach a certain hill to link up with American forces. The patrol stops a jeep driven by Sergeant "Montana"  and shell shocked passenger "the Colonel" ([[Robert Keith  from the First Cavalry Division. The Colonel is unable to speak and is tied to his seat. After the Battle of the Nakdong River, where "our men fell like rain", the tough experienced Montana decided he and his Colonel, whom he treats like his father, have had enough of the war. Benson commandeers their jeep for his platoon\'s equipment and the battle-fatigued Corporal Zwickley. The platoon makes its way towards the hill. Montana disobeys Benson by instinctively shooting a surrendering North Korean sniper, who turns out to have a concealed weapon inside his hat. Sergeant Killian is killed while covering the rear after absentmindedly filling his helmet net with flowers. Montana takes his place and feigns fatigue, luring the infiltrators into the open, where he kills them. The cynical Montana transforms the platoon back into a military formation while also curing Zwickley\'s neurosis by slapping him around. The platoon successfully carries on through sniper attack, artillery barrage, and land mines. When they reach the hill, they find it held by the North Koreans. Montana shoots three enemy soldiers disguised as Americans after a North Korean prisoner is used as bait and killed by his own men. Benson and his men launch an attack, but Montana and the Colonel sit it out. The Colonel comes to his senses, joins the assault, and is killed. Shamed, Montana joins Benson. They use grenades and a flamethrower to destroy a pillbox and machine gun nest. Only Benson, Montana, and Sergeant Riordan survive. When American reinforcements arrive, Montana produces a container of medals that the Colonel meant to award his men. Benson calls the roll as Montana throws the medals to the dead on the slope of the hill, while Elmer Bernstein\'s title song plays in the background.'] ["North-West Mounted Police Sub-Inspector O'Rourke and his Cree half brother Cajou are returning from a trapping trip in northern Canada when they encounter a burned wagon train and sole survivor Grace. Despite the advice of the Metis scout Batouche the naive new Mountie commander Inspector Benton  believes it to be a Cree attack, however the Sioux from across the border are trying to force the Cree into being allies in their struggle with the U.S. 7th Cavalry . O'Rourke goes against his commanding officer who have offended the Cree by disarming them; O'Rourke losing his friendship with Cajou when he personally has to take his rifle away. He later mutinies to save the Mounties who have to leave their Fort Saskatchewan for a rendezvous with a larger command at Fort Walsh. He must also aid Grace , but she is not as helpless as she first seems as an American lawman  has papers for her extradition for murder."] [' Tennessee wilderness settlers, Davy Crockett and best friend George "Georgie" Russel volunteer to fight with General Andrew Jackson in the Creek War. After a victorious battle, Crockett and Russel return home over the protestations of their superiors. Returning the next season, the pair find that the pursuing American forces have reached a stalemate chasing the remnant Creek forces through the swamps. Georgie Russel is ambushed while scouting for the Native American positions, but Crockett is able to track the Creeks back to camp. In exchange for Russel\'s life, Crockett challenges Red Stick, the Creek tribe\'s remaining chief, to a tomahawk duel. Crockett emerges victorious but spares the life of Red Stick on condition he will sign the American peace treaty.  Crockett and Russel leave home once again to scout virgin territory being opened for settlement. There the pair encounter a man named Big Foot who is running Charlie Two Shirts off their land and reselling it. After befriending a family of Creek refugees who have been forced from their homes, Crockett agrees to become magistrate for the area. Confronting Big Foot in hand to hand combat, Crockett eventually defeats his opponent and arrests him and his accomplices. Not long after, Crockett receives a letter from his sister-in-law which relates that Polly, his wife, has died.  Crockett agrees to run for the state legislature when he learns of the unrivaled candidacy of Amos Thorpe, an unscrupulous politician in league with men trying to lay claim to Cherokee lands. Then at the request of Andrew Jackson, he runs for Congress. Handily elected, Crockett becomes a popular member of the House of Representatives and of Andrew Jackson who has since become president of the United States. Aware of Crockett\'s views of Native American rights, Jackson\'s underlings arrange for Crockett to take a speaking tour across the eastern part of the country during the introduction of a legislative bill to usurp Indian treaty lands. Hearing of the bill, Georgie Russel rides to Philadelphia to fetch Crockett. The pair arrive back in Washington, D.C. where Crockett makes an impassioned speech before the House of Representatives against the bill, aware that it will cost him his political career.  Crockett learns of the embattled Texans at the Alamo and decides to join them, with Georgie Russel reluctantly following. In route to San Antonio the pair are joined by a riverboat gambler named Thimblerig. Davy spots smoke signals from the Comanches when they enter Texas. Next, they see a bison stampede and watch a tribesman fall off his horse. Davy and Georgie nickname the Comanche "Busted Luck" due to his bad luck and that he speaks no English to give his real name, but neverless tags along with them. After reaching the Alamo, the Texan garrison successfully holds out against several attacks by General Santa Anna until being finally overrun by Mexican troops. After they successfully manage to scale the walls, the Mexicans outnumber the Texans, killing all of them, including "Busted Luck" and Thimblerig, as well as Jim Bowie, who is sick in bed. Georgie is shot twice and is killed. Davy, the last survivor, fights valiantly on, taking down several Mexicans, though it is obvious he will get killed eventually.'] ["Joel Curtis  is a young orphan who is living with his grandmother, Aggie Curtis , on her ranch. Joel finds an orphaned colt in the nearby woods, and names the horse Red. Joel learns that Grandma Curtis has extensive debts, and will be forced to sell her ranch to pay them off. Joel is friends with Andy McBride , a ranch hand at the nearby Moresby Farms. Joel convinces Andy to help him train Red as a racehorse, with the intention of selling his beloved horse to pay off his grandmother's debts. Joel and Andy convinced Moresby Farms horse trainer Ellen Reynolds  to race Red against the farm's best racehorse, Black Moor. But the untrained Red loses the race because he does not stay close to the inside rail. Joel next approaches Mr. Moresby  with an offer to sell horses from the Curtis ranch to Moresby Farms. Mr. Moresby agrees, but says he will buy only those horses which can outrace Black Moor. With the foreclosure auction on Grandma Curtis' farm approaching quickly, Joel and Ho-Na , a Native American working for Grandma Curtis, train Red on Moresby's racetrack nightly. Joel's dog, Curley, helps by barking at Red and forcing the horse against the rail whenever Red tries to stray. Moresby promises to see Red race one more time first thing in the morning on the day before the auction. But that night, Red escapes the barn and goes into the woods, where a bear attacks him. Red escapes, but is too exhausted to race. The next day, Joel races Red against Black Moor and beats Moresboy's horse. Moresby purchases Red for a large sum, saving Grandma Curtis' ranch. At Grandma Curtis' suggestion, Moresby makes Joel co-owner of Red. Andy and Ellen reveal they are in love."] ['On the wild frontiers of the Old West, lightning fast gunslinger, Morgan Kane, known as “El Gringo” narrowly escapes death by joining a dangerous gang of Mexican outlaws run by a feared bandido - Coyote. They become fast friends and are feared through all of Mexico. But when a powerful landowner hires the men to destroy his longtime rival, El Gringo and Coyote are forced to choose between loyalty and the way of the gun...and the legend of Morgan Kane is born.'] ['Diego de la Vega  is about to return to Spain from the New World when he chances to meet his old friend, Miguel de la Serna. Miguel has just been appointed the new governor of Nuova Aragon after the death of his uncle, Don Fernando. Diego tries to warn Miguel that Nuova Aragon has been ruled by greed and hatred for many generations and that Miguel\'s uncle  was probably murdered, but Miguel, who is consumed by pacifistic humanitarian ideals, will not listen. Later that same evening, Miguel is attacked by several men while walking outside the inn. Diego arrives and, with stunning swordplay, defeats the men and forces one of them to talk. The man says that Colonel Huerta  sent them to kill Miguel. Dying, Miguel agrees to let Diego go in his place, but makes him swear that "the new Governor will never kill." Diego reluctantly agrees. Months later in Nuova Aragon, Colonel Huerta asks the council for complete control of the army and government. Just then, Diego  arrives and announces that he is the new governor. He then meets Miguel\'s aunt, Carmen , who is little inclined to have any kind of familial relationship with her "nephew". He also meets Kapitan Fritz von Markel , the head of the Governor\'s personal guard, and narrowly escapes an assassination attempt via a bowl of poisoned sweets . Diego and Joaquin  watch Huerta force his men through a grueling fencing practice; afterwards, Huerta slices through candles without disturbing them, showing off his skill. In response to the Governor\'s request for "personal safety", he appoints Sergeant Garcia , an overweight soldier with more than a bit of an appetite, as the Governor\'s bodyguard. Later, in Diego\'s room, the dog Assassin shows Diego and Joaquin a secret passageway behind a bookshelf. In disguise, Diego and Joaquin roam the streets of Nuova Aragon, seeing how much the people have been cowed. Two incidents attract Diego\'s attention: a group of boys causing mischief to corrupt merchants leaving behind a chalked "Z", and a monk named Brother Francisco trying to rouse the people against Huerta\'s cruelty. After the monk is helped to evade capture by the soldiers by friendly townspeople, Diego and Joaquin question one of the boys, Chico. Although unwilling to talk at first, Chico is convinced to trust Diego and tells him about the legend of Zorro: "the spirit of the black fox. He\'s a great fighter and he always wins, he can never die." Bringing Brother Francisco\'s cart back to him, Diego, Joaquin and Chico witness Brother Francisco being arrested by the soldiers. The next day, Brother Francisco has been unjustly sentenced to 20 lashes for fraud in selling rotten hides and slander against the merchant who has framed him. After a few lashes, Diego appears as Zorro, releases Brother Francisco and forces the soldiers to give "the corrupt judge, the lying witness, and the murdering executioner" three times the number of lashes Brother Francisco was sentenced to. Diego, once again as Serna, comments on a portrait of Hortensia Pulido  and is attracted to her. He is informed by Aunt Carmen that her family was once wealthy but now poor, a fact confirmed by Huerta who claims that the Pulidos were conspiring against the people of Nuova Aragon. Later in the town marketplace, Hortensia urges the people to rise up against the soldiers, saying that the scales the merchants use are rigged. Garcia shows up, ordering her to stop causing trouble and begins ridiculing Zorro. Suddenly Zorro appears and orders Garcia at sword-point to get on the scale, which shows that Garcia supposedly weighs "only 50 pounds." After Zorro toys with the clumsy Garcia at swords for some time, soldiers appear, but since Chico and some other boys have dumped their rifles down a well, they are forced to go after Zorro with swords. Naturally, following an athletic chase through the marketplace Zorro escapes, and Hortensia looks on with admiration. Later, Hortensia returns to her home, where she finds Zorro waiting. Zorro and Hortensia talk for only a few moments before Huerta arrives. Hortensia urges Zorro to go, saying that she is afraid for him. Zorro leaves. Huerta arrives and tells his men to search the area. When Hortensia tells him that her parents aren\'t home, he decides to stay for a while. After Hortensia rejects Huerta\'s marriage proposal, he forcefully kisses her. At this, Zorro re-appears and  forces Huerta to get on his knees and beg Hortensia\'s forgiveness. Huerta leaves in a huff, and Zorro and Hortensia share a romantic moment. Aunt Carmen has decided to return to Spain , escorted by Kapitan von Markel. Zorro and Joaquin, knowing that Huerta will certainly have his men rob the party in the guise of bandits, secretly follow. When the party makes camp for the night, the "bandits" attack, but von Markel  fights back and drives them off, exciting the admiration  of Carmen. The "bandits" escape with the treasure, but Zorro catches up with them and steals the jewels back. Diego begins an elaborate scheme, first with a scroll note from the dog, then a ransacked dining room marked with Z\'s, to make it appear that Zorro is plotting to kill the Governor. After "de la Serna" takes to his bed in fear, Huerta informs Diego that he has the perfect plan to capture Zorro. He says his men will capture Hortensia, lock her in a cage and cart her around the plaza until Zorro comes to rescue her. Soldiers will be everywhere, so Zorro cannot escape. Zorro outwits them by going straight to Hortensia\'s cell at the prison and waiting for her to arrive. He rescues Hortensia, and stays behind to distract the guards. Zorro escapes, and overhears Huerta and Garcia. Huerta says that only one other person knew of the plan. He rides off to the governor\'s mansion, and Zorro manages to get back just before Huerta arrives. Huerta and Diego argue a bit about Zorro, and it is clear that Huerta is suspicious. Diego then offers himself to be bait for Zorro. The next day, Diego and Garcia go on a fishing trip. Soldiers are surrounding the area. Joaquin shows up as Zorro, and almost all the soldiers follow him. Eluding the soldiers, Joaquin rides to Brother Francisco\'s mission. Brother Francisco informs the children of Zorro\'s plan, and sends them out to different areas dressed as Zorro as distractions to the soldiers. Diego pretends to go to the carriage for a nap, but reappears as the real Zorro, telling Garcia he has the governor at gunpoint, and will "wring his neck and have him stuffed and fed to the dog" if Garcia doesn\'t do what he tells him. Garcia, with Zorro, arrives at a mine run by forced slave labor. He orders the guards to release them all, or else Zorro will kill the Governor. With Brother Francisco\'s help, the slaves are freed, and Zorro tells Garcia to leave. Hortensia arrives and tells Zorro that Huerta and the soldiers are coming. When Zorro leaves with the carriage, Hortensia holds onto the back to ride with him. Huerta and his men give chase. Zorro stops the carriage long enough to order Hortensia to leave, saying that the people need her. He kisses her, Hortensia leaves, and then Zorro drives the carriage off a cliff into the ocean. Hortensia looks over in disbelief, and Huerta arrives. Huerta says that now Nuova Aragon will have a new governor  and Hortensia, if her parents know what\'s best for them, will have a husband. On the day of the wedding, Brother Francisco and civilians arrive at the church in protest. Huerta orders the guards to arrest him, but they are reluctant to do so. To everyone\'s surprise , Zorro reappears unharmed. He battles soldiers on the roof of the church, while on the ground Kapitan von Markel assists the angry crowd in handling the soldiers. Huerta grabs a soldier\'s pistol and shoots Brother Francisco at point-blank range, killing him and causing a riot to break out. Huerta\'s armed soldiers settle the riot down, and Zorro, feeling that Brother Francisco\'s murder has released him from his promise to Miguel de la Serna, begins a final showdown and duel to the death with Huerta. The fight goes on for many minutes, going from the doorstep of the church to the inside. During the duel Zorro repeats Huerta\'s trick with the candles, only better—splitting one in half. Later on, Zorro falls out through a stained glass window and Huerta believes Zorro is dead. However, Zorro reappears in the darkness of the bell tower and the fight continues. In the meantime, the dog Assassin prevents Garcia from interfering, causing the fat sergeant to back into and fall down a well. On the roof, Huerta says that either he or Zorro must die. Zorro then says, "Well then...let it be the moment of truth." and unmasks himself. In a simultaneous lunge, Diego kills Huerta, causing him to fall from the roof. The crowd looks on stunned, then bursts into applause. Zorro then appears in a valley on his horse, and in romantic fashion, rides off. The tyrant is dead. Justice has triumphed. Long live Zorro!'] ['Wealthy, newly retired sea captain James McKay  travels to the American West to join his fiancée Patricia  at the enormous ranch owned by her father, Major Terrill . Terrill has been feuding with Rufus Hannassey , the patriarch of a poorer, less refined ranching clan. Patricia\'s friend, schoolteacher Julie Maragon , owns the "Big Muddy", a large ranch with a vital water supply. She is caught in the middle of the Terrill-Hannassey feud, as she has been allowing Hannassey to use her water for his cattle, while Terrill has been trying to buy her land in order to put Hannassey out of business. McKay refuses to be provoked into proving his manhood, having sworn off such behavior since his father died in a meaningless duel. He does nothing to stop Hannassey\'s trouble-making son Buck  from harassing him, and he declines a challenge by Terrill\'s foreman, Steve Leech , to ride an unruly horse. Patricia, Terrill, and Leech consider this to be cowardly in view of the region\'s lawlessness. When Terrill and the men ride to the Hannassey place in retribution for Buck\'s harassment, McKay stays at the ranch and successfully rides the unruly horse while telling no one except ranch hand Ramon . One morning, after instructing Ramon to tell the others not to worry about him, McKay rides to the Big Muddy, using a map and compass to navigate the terrain, and persuades Julie to sell him her land by promising to continue her policy of allowing both the Terrills and the Hannasseys access to the river. Meanwhile, a search party spends two days looking for McKay, believing he is lost. McKay finds the search party and explains that he was not in danger, but Leech — who is clearly motivated in part by his jealousy of McKay over Patricia — calls him a liar in front of Patricia and Terrill. McKay again refuses to be goaded into a fight, and he and Patricia agree to reconsider their engagement after she becomes upset at his apparent cowardice. Early the next morning, before anybody else is up, McKay settles with Leech. They fight away from the house, without witnesses, to an exhausted draw. After that, Leech begins to respect McKay. Later, after McKay has moved into town, Julie tells Patricia that he bought the Big Muddy and privately rode the horse, and Patricia visits him. When he tells her he plans to allow water access to the Hannasseys, she becomes enraged and they break the engagement permanently. Meanwhile, on Terrill\'s orders, Leech and his men chase Hannassey\'s cattle away from the Big Muddy. Hannassey, in retaliation, kidnaps Julie and uses her as bait to lure Terrill into an ambush in the narrow canyon leading to Hannassey\'s home. Buck tries to rape her, but his father stops him. When McKay finds out about Julie, for whom his own feelings have been becoming increasingly obvious, he rides to the Hannassey place with Ramon. Buck tells Julie he will kill McKay unless she says she is there willingly. McKay shows Hannassey the deed to Big Muddy and promises him equal access to the water. When Hannassey says he intends to fight Terrill anyway, McKay declares to Hannassey that the fight is really a personal vendetta. McKay and Buck fight with each other, but Hannassey stops the conflict when Buck draws his gun on McKay, who is unarmed, and decides they will settle their quarrel with a formal duel. After walking apart ten paces, both men turn and aim. Buck fires before the signal, grazing McKay\'s forehead. Hannassey prepares to kill Buck, as required by the rules, but McKay stops him. As McKay slowly and deliberately takes aim, Buck drops to the ground in terror and crawls behind a wheel. McKay fires into the dirt, and Hannassey spits on Buck in disgust. As McKay and Julie start to leave, Buck grabs a gun from a ranch hand in order to kill McKay, but Hannassey shoots his son dead. {{listen}} Meanwhile, Terrill insists on riding into the canyon. Initially, Leech refuses to accompany him, and the other men follow his lead. However, after Terrill rides out alone, Leech catches up with him. The remaining hands again align themselves with Leech by following. The group soon rides into a trap in the canyon. Acknowledging the truth of McKay\'s accusation, Hannassey orders his men to stop shooting and challenges Terrill to a one-on-one showdown. Hannassey and Terrill kill each other, and McKay, Julie, and Ramon ride out of the canyon together.'] ["The film opens with two masked bandits breaking into a railroad telegraph office, where they force the operator at gunpoint to stop the train and give the engineer orders to fill the train up at the station's water tank. Afterwards they knock him out and tie him up. As the train stops to fill up, the bandits, now four, board the train. While two of the bandits enter an express car, kill a messenger and open a box of valuables with dynamite, the others take out the engineers, halt the train and disconnect the locomotive. The bandits then force the passengers off the train and ransack them of their belongings. One passenger tries to escape, but is instantly shot down. Carrying their loot, the bandits escape in the locomotive, later stopping in a valley to continue on horseback. Back in the telegraph office, the operator wakes up and tries to escape, collapsing again. His daughter enters and restores him to consciousness by throwing water in his face. He goes to a nearby dance hall to gather assistance, and the men grab their guns and pursue the bandits. The posse catches up with the bandits, and in a final shootout all of the bandits are killed.  An additional scene is included in the film. It is a close up of the leader of the bandits, played by Justus D. Barnes, firing point blank towards the camera. While usually placed at the end, Porter stated that the scene could also be played at the beginning."] ['In 1870, two young men, Jim Averill  and Billy Irvine , are graduating from Harvard College. The Reverend Doctor  speaks to the graduates on the association of "the cultivated mind with the uncultivated," and the importance of "the education of a nation." Irvine, brilliant but obviously intoxicated, follows this with his opposing, irreverent views. A celebration is then held after which the male students serenade the women present, including Averill\'s girlfriend. Twenty years later, Averill is passing through the booming town of Casper, Wyoming on his way north to Johnson County where he is now a Marshal. Poor European immigrants new to the region are in conflict with wealthy, established cattle barons organized as the Wyoming Stock Growers Association; the newcomers sometimes steal their cattle for food. Nate Champion  – a friend of Averill and an enforcer for the stockmen – kills a settler for suspected rustling and dissuades another from stealing a cow. At a formal board meeting, the head of the Association, Frank Canton , tells members, including a drunk Irvine, of plans to kill 125 named settlers, or "thieves and anarchists" as Canton calls them. Irvine leaves the meeting and encounters Averill, telling him of the Association\'s "death list". As Averill leaves, he exchanges bitter words with Canton and punches him. That night, Canton begins recruiting men to kill the named settlers. Ella Watson , a Johnson County bordello madam who accepts stolen cattle as payment for use of her prostitutes, is infatuated with both Averill and Champion. Averill and Watson skate in a crowd, then dance alone, in an enormous roller skating rink called "Heaven\'s Gate", which has been built by local entrepreneur John L. Bridges . Averill gets a copy of the Association\'s death list from a baseball-playing U.S. Army captain and later reads the names aloud to the settlers, who are thrown into terrified turmoil. Cully , a station master and friend of Averill\'s, sees the train with Canton\'s posse heading north and rides off to warn the settlers, but is murdered en route. Later, a group of men come to Watson\'s bordello and rape her. All but one are shot and killed by Averill. Champion, realizing that his landowner bosses seek to eliminate Watson, goes to Canton\'s camp and shoots the remaining rapist, then refuses to participate in the slaughter. Canton and his men encounter one of Champion\'s friends  leaving a cabin with Champion and his friend Nick  inside, and a gun battle ensues. Attempting to save Champion, Watson arrives in her wagon and shoots one of the hired guns before escaping on horseback. Champion and his two friends are killed in a massive, merciless barrage which ends with his cabin in flames. Watson warns the settlers of Canton\'s approach at another huge, chaotic gathering at "Heaven\'s Gate". The agitated settlers decide to fight back, with Bridges leading the attack on Canton\'s gang. With the hired invaders now surrounded, both sides suffer casualties  as Canton leaves to bring help. Watson and Averill return to Champion\'s charred and smoking cabin and discover his body along with a hand written letter documenting his last minutes alive. The next day, Averill reluctantly joins the settlers, with their cobbled-together siege machines and explosive charges, in an attack against Canton\'s men and their makeshift fortifications. Again there are heavy casualties on both sides, before the U.S. Army, with Canton in the lead, arrives to stop the fighting and save the remaining besieged mercenaries. Later, at Watson\'s cabin, Bridges, Watson and Averill prepare to leave for good. But they are ambushed by Canton and two others who shoot and kill Bridges and Watson. After killing Canton and his men, a grief-stricken Averill holds Watson\'s body in his arms. In 1903 – about a decade later –, a well-dressed, beardless, but older-looking Averill walks the deck of his yacht off Newport, Rhode Island. He goes below, where an attractive middle-aged woman is sleeping in a luxurious boudoir. Averill watches her, saying nothing. The woman, Averill\'s old Harvard girlfriend , awakens and asks him for a cigarette. Silently he complies, lights it, and returns to the deck.'] ['Pike , the right-hand man of cattle rancher Bob Morgan , is entrusted with a mission to deliver $86,000 across the border to the Morgan Ranch in Sonora, Mexico after his boss dies. Pike teams up with dishonest gambler Tyree  and are forced to trust each other while being pursued by various outlaws and gunmen trying to possess the money, including the ruthless bounty hunter Kiefer  and corrupt sheriff Kane ([[Barry Sullivan . Along the way the duo comes across a prostitute  in need of rescuing and Kashtok , a mute Indian scout skilled in martial arts who help them on their journey. After numerous gun battles and chase sequences, Pike and Tyree reach the end of the line at an abandoned mine, where they duke it out over the money, yet finally settle and work together after getting word of the approaching gunmen. They devise a plan to escape by using explosives to blow up the mine shaft behind them, killing all their pursuers except for Kiefer, who decides to forgo his bounty and let the men continue their quest to reach the ranch.'] ['After the Civil War, a Texas ranch owner  is trying to move her cattle to market in Kansas to sell them. A Confederate veteran  becomes involved with her and learns she wants to use the money to help the South continue fighting. She is harassed on the cattle drive by corrupt Union Army officers and carpetbaggers.'] ["Wealthy banker and shipowner William Marlowe and his wife Martha have their hearts set on marrying their daughter Mary to English aristocrat Lord Hurley. However, Mary has other ideas. She has fallen in love with John Carlton, one of her father's clerks. When Mr. Marlowe finds out, he fires John. John decides to go west to make his fortune, then return for Mary, but she insists on going with him. They elope. The couple settle in California and after a while, have a herd of cattle and a baby boy. While John and hired hand Sunshine are away getting supplies, notorious outlaw Jake Houser and his gang show up and rustle the herd. John rounds up the other ranchers. They catch and hang three of the gang, including Jake's brother, but Jake gets away. Vowing revenge, the outlaw and his men attack the Carlton home. Fortunately, help arrives and the rustlers are wiped out. The baby succumbs to illness during the gunfight. Years pass, and the Carltons prosper greatly. Four more children are born, and John runs for governor of the state. They host a party on the night before the election at their mansion. Lolita Martinez, John's lover, scandalizes everyone by showing up. In private, she insists that Mary free John to marry her. Mary agrees, but John spurns his mistress and begs his wife's forgiveness; she gives it on condition that he tell her about all his prior lovers. Lolita makes public their affair, but John still wins the election. Later, he becomes a senator, serving for thirty years in Washington, D.C. before deciding to retire and move back to California. This puzzles the couple's grown children; Mary explains that they want time for themselves, to enjoy secrets they can share with no one else. When their offspring still oppose their decision, the couple sneak away."] ['In the 1880s, Marshal Guthrie McCabe  is content to be the business and personal partner of attractive saloon owner Belle Aragon , receiving ten percent of the profits. When relatives of Comanche captives demand that Army Major Fraser  free them, he uses a combination of army pressure and high pay to get the reluctant McCabe to take on the job of ransoming any he can find. He assigns Lieutenant Jim Gary  to accompany McCabe. Marty Purcell  is haunted by the memory of her abducted younger brother Steve. She keeps a music box that belonged to him. McCabe warns her that Steve will not remember her because he was a young boy when he was taken years ago. McCabe is also promised a large reward by the wealthy stepfather of another boy. McCabe bargains with Chief Quanah Parker ([[Henry Brandon  and finds four white captives. Two refuse to go back with him. One is a young woman who is married to a Comanche and has children. The other is an old woman who is believed to be dead and regards herself as being as good as dead. There is also a young man named Running Wolf, who McCabe hopes is the lost son of the wealthy family. The fourth is a Mexican woman, Elena de la Madriaga . However, she is the wife of Stone Calf , a militant rival of Parker. As they leave the camp, Stone Calf tries to take back his woman and is killed by McCabe, much to Quanah Parker\'s satisfaction. Running Wolf makes it very clear that he hates white people and the rich man refuses to accept him. However, a woman is convinced that Running Wolf is her lost son and claims him. Later, when she tries to cut his hair, he kills her. The settlers decide to lynch the murderer, despite Lieutenant Gary\'s attempt to stop them. As they drag him away, Running Wolf knocks over Marty\'s music box. He hears it play and recognizes the melody. Marty cannot save him and is forced to accept that nothing could have been done to bring back the brother she remembered. She accepts Gary\'s proposal of marriage. Meanwhile, Elena finds herself ostracized by white society as a woman who degraded herself by submitting to a savage rather than killing herself. She decides to try her luck in California. When McCabe was reported dead, Belle quickly hired a new marshal, causing him to complain, "I didn\'t get a chance to vote for myself - not even once." However, he has fallen in love with Elena, so he decides to go to California with her.'] ['Former buffalo hunter and entrepreneur Wyatt Earp arrives in the lawless cattle town of Wichita, Kansas. His skill as a gunfighter make him a perfect candidate for Marshal but he refuses the job until he feels morally obligated to bring law and order to this wild town.'] ['Woodcarver Woody Woodpecker specializes in wooden Indians and wooden nickels who is hard at work on his latest creation: a life-sized statue of an Indian chief, which, by coincidence, is an exact likeness of notorious bandit Chief Charlie Horse. The telephone rings, and a customer asks if Woody has any wooden Indians for sale. Woody replies that he has one he has just finishing. Meanwhile, outside Woody\'s shop, all is confusion as the sheriff and his posse are trying desperately to capture Chief Charlie Horse. They cart the wooden Indian away, believing him to be the real thing. Woody believes that the sheriff is the customer who telephoned, and he thinks that he has been slightly overpaid. Now Chief Charlie Horse himself enters Woody\'s shop, seeking a hiding place. The sheriff, realizing that made an error, returns to Woody\'s shop to search for the live Indian. Charlie hides the statue in a crate, and then, when the sheriff enters the room, he poses as the wooden Indian. Both Woody and the sheriff fall for the trick and believe that Charlie has gotten away. The sheriff takes back the reward money, and Woody starts to work on his model again. When Woody has finished, he tacks a "sold" sign on the carving, and Charlie lets out a resounding yell. Thinking that the real Indian is the wooden Indian, the sheriff throws Charlie out of jail.'] ['Paco Roman , a Mexican peasant, rebels against his rich boss and humiliates him. He is later captured, but saved from a certain death by his friends. Meanwhile, Sergei Kowalski , a Polish mercenary, arrives in Mexico and makes a deal with two Garcia brothers to take their silver safely across the border. Curly  sees the three men talking and tracks down the brothers to find out what they hired Kowalski for, after which Curly kills the two. When Kowalski arrives at a mine to meet one of the Garcia brothers, he finds the man along with many others dead and meets Paco and his revolutionaries instead. Soon after, Colonel Alfonso Garcia\'s  Mexican army troops attack. Kowalski agrees to help Paco fight them, but only for money as he is a professional soldier. With the help of Kowalski and his machine gun, the revolutionaries defeat the army. Kowalski then leaves the group, but gets ambushed by Curly. Soon Paco\'s group arrives and kills Curly\'s men. Although Curly swears to revenge, they let him go after stripping him of his clothes. Paco then hires Kowalski to teach him how to lead a revolution. The revolutionaries travel from town to town robbing money, guns and horses from the army. They also release a prisoner named Columba  and she joins the group. After Paco stays in one town to protect the people despite Kowalski telling him that they can not match the army sent to capture them, Kowalski leaves the group again. Paco and his men later admit their defeat and go after Kowalski. Kowalski\'s price has doubled now, but the two make another deal. After the revolutionaries take over a town by defeating a whole regiment, Paco takes Kowalski as prisoner for being too greedy, confiscates all the money he has paid him and marries Columba. When General Garcia\'s army, along with Curly, attack them, Paco realizes he can not manage the situation on his own and decides to set Kowalski free, but ends up locked up himself while Kowalski escapes. Columba frees Paco and the two also manage to escape before Curly finds them. After six months, Kowalski attends a circus performance and notices that Paco managed to get away after all, as he is one of the clowns. After the performance is over, Curly enters the arena and his men capture Paco. Kowalski then shoots Curly\'s men and gives him and Paco both a rifle and a bullet, so that the two can have a fair duel. After Paco kills Curly, Kowalski takes him as a prisoner and heads to the headquarters of the 51st Regiment to collect the reward offered for his head. Columba sees this, manages to get before them to the headquarters and then pretends that she wants to betray Paco by telling where the two are. When the army troops find the pair, Kowalski also finds himself arrested as there is now even a bigger reward for his head. The two are then sentenced to death by firing squad. However, Columba now executes her plan and with the help of two machine guns, Paco, Kowalski and Columba manage to escape. Kowalski suggests Paco that they team up to make a lot of money, but Paco claims that his dream is in Mexico referring to the revolution. The two part ways, but Kowalski soon notices five Mexican army soldiers after Paco. Kowalski kills them when they are about to shoot Paco, and then yells to him to "keep dreaming, but with your eyes open."'] ["The film tells the story of a man whose wife was captured by Comanches. He frees another man's wife  and is taking her home when he meets three outlaws, led by the charming but malevolent Akins, who want to turn her in for a reward. He must protect her against these men as well as the threat of marauding Comanches."] ["The movie's plot is fairly divided between O'Brien, playing a frontier insurance investigator, and the Stooges, cast as itinerant peddlers. The star and his comic cohorts thwart a gang of thieves hijacking gold-mine shipments. The villain is local bigwig Sawyer , but the plot sneaks in a few interesting twists, including a red-herring character who might be a spy for the bad guys, or an agent for the good guys. The Stooges, despite their buffoonery, perform heroically during the climactic shootout. Sheila Ryan co-stars as the granddaughter of tipster doctor Clem Bevans, while silent-film star Monte Blue enjoys a larger part than usual as a local mine owner. Some of the stunts were performed by Hugh Hooker, who also plays a juvenile role."] ["Arizona Territory 1868: The Apaches, led by Cochise , are on the warpath. Army Captain Bruce Coburn  is tasked with escorting homesteaders to Apache Wells where they can concentrate their defense against the Apache. But there is dissention in the ranks as some of the men under Coburn’s command feel they are being driven too hard. Coburn has to discipline corporal Bodine  for stealing rationed water. In an attack at Apache Wells, one of the homesteaders, Harry Malone ([[Kenneth MacDonald , is killed. His two sons, Mike  and Doug ([[Michael Burns , then join the Army. In order to defend themselves at Apache Wells, they need guns. Coburn is sent to bring in a consignment of repeating rifles that is on its way, or least prevent them getting into the hands of the Apache. En route, Coburn and his men are attacked. The inexperienced Malone brothers are left to guard the horses, but Mike disobeys orders and goes off to fight the Indians. He is last seen alive screaming for his brother's help, but Doug is a coward who lets his brother die. The survivors of the patrol manage to rendezvous with the consignment of guns. On the way back to Apache Wells, Bodine and four other soldiers decide to take the guns and desert to Mexico, leaving Coburn and the wounded First Sergant Walker  tied up. In a moment of indecision, Doug throws his lot in with Bodine. Coburn and Walker manage to make it back to Apache Wells. He wants to go back and retrieve the rifles, but the commander says he cannot spare any men and orders Coburn to stay. He disobeys and sets off after Bodine. Meanwhile, Bodine has decided to try to sell the rifles to Cochise. Under a flag of truce, Bodine meets Cochise and takes him to where the rifles are hidden. But Coburn, with the help of Doug, has killed the other deserters and taken the rifles. Cochise and Bodine pursue and catch up with Coburn. In a delaying tactic, Coburn fights off a number of Apache while Doug gets the rifles back to Apache Wells. With the rifles, Doug leads a column of soldiers to rescue Coburn and arrive just as he runs out of ammunition. The Apache are chased off and in a final shootout, Coburn kills Bodine."] ['Old and retired Sergeant Nash Crawford , formerly of the Texas Rangers, enters a saloon where his former partner, Gentleman George Asque , plays poker with a man and beats him ten times in a row. The man calls George a cheater and prepares to draw his gun, but Nash saves his comrade by calling him "Wyatt," making the stranger mistakenly assume he is Wyatt Earp. The two exit the saloon. Nash gives George a telegram which says they should go to Waco because former partner The Baltimore Kid  is in trouble. It is signed "Friend." Jason Fitch  is getting married to Louise Murphy . George and Nash interrupt the ceremony to take Jason with them to Waco and they convince him by shouting the Ranger code "Brazos!" Jason promises Louise he will return and leaves with his friends. In Waco, they find out "Friend" was Amos Polk, a former outlaw, now a newspaper man. Polk takes them to the Baltimore Kid\'s grave. It\'s unclear why Polk called them, but he shows them the Kid\'s wallet, in which is a note Kid leaves to his comrades when he dies. The four go to the saloon, where they meet a drunk who looks very familiar to the Baltimore Kid. They take him to the newspaper office, where he claims to have been a Texas Ranger once. The group is now sure he is the Baltimore Kid. The Kid puts on some elegant clothes and gets a new gun. His gravestone is removed. The Kid becomes the Waco city marshal and the old Rangers his deputies. Now it\'s clear that the bandit who killed the previous marshal and his deputies is a fake. The gang of Sam Braham returns to Waco to kill the real Baltimore Kid. A gunfight in the streets of Waco results and the Rangers win against the outlaws, but the Kid is shot dead. Citizens of Waco bury the Kid again. The old Rangers leave, but, at the end of the town, the Baltimore Kid is waiting, very much alive. All of them go with Jason Fitch, who has to get married.'] ["Tom Owens travels west to learn more about the stagecoach business. Sam Todd is waiting at a remote way station to teach him the ropes. A woman named Vinnie Holt and her young niece Callie arrive on a coach that has been robbed. Owens and Todd are told that four escaped convicts named Zimmerman, Tevis, Yancy and Gratz intend to ambush the stage again when it returns east carrying a shipment of gold. Zimmerman pretends to be a lawman and Todd is killed. He and the other outlaws spare Owens' life because they need an official from the overland stage line to vouch that all is well when the gold shipment goes through. Vinnie pretends to be Owens' wife. In an attempt to escape, they use a kitchen knife to open a hole in a wall, but it is only the smaller Callie who gets out. Tevis tries to force himself on Vinnie and when Zimmerman makes an effort to stop him, Tevis shoots him in the back. Gratz intervenes and is gunned down by Tevis as well. Tevis has the child, forcing Owens to cooperate with him. Owens' life is in grave danger but Vinnie is able to recover Gratz's rifle. She shoots Tevis with it. That leaves only Yancy, who discovers that the gang's plan has failed."] ['Seven Jones , is a young Texas Ranger on his first assignment, assigned to bring in the outlaw Jim Flood  well known for his flashy lifestyle. Despite his inexperience Seven manages to capture the outlaw, but finds his efforts to bring his prisoner to jail complicated by people who for various reasons are out to kill him, and other people who consider Flood to be a hero and want to rescue him.'] ['Louie is singing the song "Louie the Lout" about his days in the old west to the boys in the Sweet Shop. All of a sudden a man arrives on horseback and Louie hides from him in the back of the store. The man identifies himself as a sheriff of Hangman\'s Hollow, a town out west where Louie is wanted for a murder that took place 20 years before. The boys tell the sheriff they never heard of Louie and he leaves. Louie comes out of hiding and tells them the story of when he was a younger man and lived in Hangman\'s Hollow he and his partner, Pete Briggs, discovered gold. He then tells them that Pete was murdered by Blackjack McCoy and he was framed for the murder and fled to the city. He then shows them a map of where the gold is hidden...tattooed on his back. The boys decide to go out west to clear Louie\'s name and help him give Pete\'s share to his daughter. They make a copy of the map on Sach\'s back and head west. They are ambushed by some Indians and Sach unwittingly shows the map to one of them. Indian Joe then heads back to town and alerts Blackjack that the boys are in town to clear Louie\'s name and claim the gold. Meanwhile Gabe, who Slip sent ahead, has gotten into Blackjack\'s good graces with his card tricks and assists Slip and the boys. Eventually the boys capture Blackjack and have him confess the murder to the sheriff, and just as everyone is about to collect the gold and live happily ever after, Slip hits Sach on the head waking him up. We learn that it was all Sach\'s dream.'] ["Childhood friends Billy Massey and Chuck Jarvis go in opposite directions after Chuck ends up married to Billy's former sweetheart. Billy becomes a bank robber, Chuck a lawman. But they end up joining forces against common enemies in a final showdown."] ['Daffy, introduced as a "Western-Type Hero" and Porky  ride along the desert until they come across the small "Lawless Western Town" of Snake-Bite Center which is so full of violence, the population sign changes immediately when someone gets shot. Daffy notices that the last sheriff is shot, and the town needs a new sheriff. Daffy picks a sheriff badge out of his collection of badges and rides into town on his horse Tinfoil, with Porky following behind on his small mule. In a recorded commentary on the Looney Tunes Golden Collection, the commentator warns the viewer that "...this film is literally stuffed with every western cliché ever done." That is illustrated and spoofed in such scenes as when a man is firing guns chasing another man; both stop at a traffic light so a second pair can cross, then their chase resumes, while two riders on horseback approach one another peacefully when the horses recoil in anger and begin shooting at each other. Other scenes include a holdup at "Custard\'s Last Stand" and a masked horse stealing horseshoes from a smithy at gunpoint. In the town, Daffy is about to take a drink at the bar when Nasty Canasta walks in past his \'Wanted\' poster (which states "$5,000,000 REWARD . Daffy tries to intimidate Canasta with his gun , but Canasta just bites off most of the gun and swallows it . Canasta then threateningly orders Daffy "two of his usual", a drink made of various poisons and toxic materials like cobra fang juice, hydrogen bitters and old panther . Canasta downs the drink with no side effects , and when Daffy gets Porky to take the second drink with seemingly no side-effects, Daffy downs a third as well. A few seconds later, Daffy and Porky exhibit wild side effects, including reciting "Mary had a Little Lamb" in Elmer Fudd-ese, turning green, and acting like they\'re both motorized and Daffy\'s bullets shooting a hole in the floor which he falls into, then rockets out of before coming back to earth. Daffy sternly says to Canasta "I hate you." Eventually, Daffy challenges Canasta to a showdown in the street. Daffy and Canasta start walking towards each other, the street deserted , when Porky takes matters into his hands by winding up a small British soldier doll and letting it go towards Canasta, accompanied by Raymond Scott\'s The Toy Trumpet. Canasta picks up the doll, chuckling, until the doll points its gun at Canasta and fires, sending Canasta to the ground . With Canasta defeated, the rest of the town rush over to Porky, while Daffy is still pacing his way to the middle of the street. Daffy finally notices the adoration given to Porky, and in vain tries to get their attention . Porky is now the town sheriff, and Daffy reiterates his claim that he\'d "clean up this one-horse town" to the camera – except now he\'s a sanitation worker. Porky remarks: "Lucky for him [Daffy] it is a one-horse town."'] ['Jack Beauregard  is a tired, aging legendary gunslinger who just wants to retire in peace in Europe to get away from young gunmen constantly trying to test themselves against the master. The film opens with three rascals ambushing Beauregard in a barbershop. After Beauregard has dispatched them, the barber\'s son asks his father if there is anyone in the world faster than Beauregard, to which the barber replies "Faster than him? Nobody!" \'Nobody\'  idolizes Beauregard and wants to see him die in a blaze of glory going against the infamous Wild Bunch singlehanded. The Wild Bunch are a gang of bandits who launder their loot of stolen gold via a fake goldmine. The owner sends them after Beauregard because the latter\'s now-dead brother was in on the deal. Nobody dogs Beauregard through the west, encountering many who wish him dead, and pesters him to let him stage his grand finale. Eventually, the grand shoot-out does take place by a railway line. Nobody arranges for Beauregard to shoot at the Wild Bunch\'s mirrored-concho-decorated saddles which, he\'s discovered, contain sticks of dynamite, thus letting a few good shots eliminate many of the men. To escape, the two board a train that Nobody has stolen. Finally, Nobody fakes a very public showdown with Beauregard, "killing" him and allowing him to slip away quietly. A street sign, marking where the gunfight took place, says "Nobody Was Faster On The Draw". Beauregard boards a boat for Europe and a quiet retirement, while Nobody takes up his own life of adventure.'] ['In Rio Grande, Lt. Col. Kirby Yorke  is posted on the Texas frontier to defend settlers against depredations of marauding Apaches. Col. Yorke is under considerable stress between the Apaches using Mexico as a sanctuary from pursuit and by a serious shortage of troops of his command. The action of the movie is set in the summer of 1879 . Tension is added when Yorke\'s son , Trooper Jeff Yorke , is one of 18 recruits sent to the regiment. He has flunked out of West Point and immediately enlisted as a private in the Army. Not wanting to give any impression that he is showing favoritism towards his son, Col. Yorke ends up being harsher dealing with Jeff than the others. By his willingness to undergo any test and trial, Jeff is befriended by a pair of older recruits, Travis Tyree ([[Ben Johnson   and "Sandy" Boone , who take him under their wings. With the arrival of Yorke\'s estranged wife, Kathleen , who has come to take the under-age Yorke home with her, further tension is added. During the war, Yorke had been forced by circumstances to burn Bridesdale, his wife\'s plantation home in the Shenandoah valley. Sgt. Quincannon , who put the torch to Bridesdale, is still with Yorke and provides a constant reminder to Kathleen of the episode. In a showdown with his mother, Jeff refuses her attempt by reminding her that not only the commander\'s signature is required to discharge him, but his own as well, and he chooses to stay in the Army. The tension brought about in the struggle over their son\'s future  rekindles the romance the couple once felt for each other. Yorke is visited by his former Civil War commander, Philip Sheridan , now commanding general of his department. Sheridan has decided to order Yorke to cross the Rio Grande into Mexico in pursuit of the Apaches, an action with serious political implications since it violates the sovereignty of another nation. If Yorke fails in his mission to destroy the Apache threat he faces the threat of court-martial. Sheridan, in a quiet act of acknowledgment of what he is asking Yorke to risk, promises that the members of the court will be men "who rode down the Shenandoah" with them during the Civil War. Yorke accepts the mission. Now Col. Yorke must fight to save, and put back together, his family and his honor. Yorke leads his men toward Mexico, only to learn that a wagonload of children from his fort, who were being taken to Ft. Bliss for safety, has been captured by the Apaches. After permitting three troopers&mdash;Tyree, Boone, Jeff&mdash;to infiltrate the church in the Mexican village where the Indians have taken the children, Yorke leads his cavalry in a full-scale attack, rescuing all of the children unharmed but being wounded himself. He is taken back to the fort by his victorious troops, where Kathleen meets him and holds his hand as he is carried on a travois into the post as the movie closes.'] ['{{Expand section}} Tyler Duane  is expelled from West Point after the Civil War when his brother, a Union officer, is accused of stealing Army funds.'] ["Set in 1848 in the Montana Territory, Ben Johnson plays John Coulter who lives on the plains with his daughter Beth and his friend Standing Bear. The story is told mainly from a Native American point of view. Beth is kidnapped by Greyeagle of the Cheyenne nation, who was tasked by the nation's chief to find bring Beth to him. Coulter and Standing Bear go through various adventures to find Beth to bring her back safely home."] ["Lu Rogers, recently widowed, leaves her children in New York with her mother-in-law in 1911 and travels west to take a job she's been offered. Upon arriving in Arizona, the job falls through, so farmer Aggie Gates tries her out as a hired hand. The resourceful Lu succeeds at work and catches the eye of two potential suitors, Dan Jones, a saloon owner, and Pat Collins, a rancher. A crooked sheriff is exposed by Lu, who is shocked by being offered his job. The humiliated sheriff pulls a holdup and kidnaps her. A posse is formed and comes to Lu's rescue. She receives reward money and uses it to send for her kids. Dan wins her hand, while Pat accepts her badge."] ["The movie starts off with Shaka  killing his own brother for information, which is also known to another man, Veeru Dada. In the encounter, Veeru Dada  jumps off into a river from a cliff. After 18 years, we have Veeru Dada with a leg cut off giving info to Raja , a mischievous thief who robs banks in style. Raja gives Veeru Dada a share of 50% for all his tip offs. Raja becomes more daring as the price tag on his head increases by thousands. There is another mischievous thief, Panasa , who with uncle follows Raju so that she can dupe him and escape with all the looted money. As the things go on a frolicking way between Panasa and Raja, the desperate Shaka is searching for Veeru Dada. Veeru Dada realizes that Shaka will kill him soon. Hence, Veeru Dada offers a big diamond to Raja and asks him to escort his daughter Bhuvana  to his brother Dharma's place. The journey starts here. We have the couple going to a remote village on horses. Panasa and her uncle are following the lead pair. The bank managers, too, are desperately trying to catch Raja. What Shaka wants from Veeru Dada? Who is Raja? What will happen to Panasa?"] ["The story takes place in 1849. John Boles plays Captain Stanton, a young Army scout who kills an officer in self-defense and escapes. He heads out West to California as part of the Gold Rush, opens a gambling hall in San Francisco, and falls in love with Virginia, the daughter of his former commander, played by Vivienne Segal. Some members of the military eventually find him, leading Boles to make a hard decision. Joe E. Brown, in the part of Hasty, Boles' doomed sidekick, provided the comedy for the film."] ['Three women, Tes, Dawn and Kara, work for Mel, a drug boss. Mel tells them to intercept a truck driver bringing rival drugs to a diner at night. The women wait for the driver at the diner, but when they fail to see the driver, they draw guns on the staff and customers of the diner and demand to know if anyone knows who the driver is. A shootout ends in a standoff between Tes and Billy, the cook, who also works for Mel. Soon, Ronny, another associate of Mel, enters the diner. Billy recognizes Ronny and fears he was sent to kill him. The standoff ends with more gunshots, after which Mel arrives at the diner and finds Ronny alive. Mel shoots Ronny but Tes, who is also alive, shoots Mel and escapes.'] ["In 1913 Texas, Pike Bishop , the leader of a gang of aging outlaws, is seeking retirement with one final score, namely the robbery of a railroad office containing a cache of silver. They are ambushed by Pike's former partner, Deke Thornton , and a posse of bounty hunters hired and deputized by the railroad. Thornton has been released from a Yuma prison to help track down his former comrades in return for a full pardon. A bloody shootout kills several of the gang. The town's citizens were not warned, so many are killed in the crossfire. Pike rides off with Dutch Engstrom , brothers Lyle  and Tector Gorch ([[Ben Johnson , and Angel ([[Jaime Sánchez , the only survivors. They are disappointed when the loot from the robbery turns out to be a decoy instead of silver. The men reunite with old-timer Freddie Sykes , and head for Mexico. Pike's men cross the Rio Grande and take refuge that night in a village where Angel was born, and where the Mexican Revolution has taken its toll. The townsfolk are ruled by a self-styled bandito warlord named Mapache , a general in the Mexican Federal Army, who has been stealing to feed his troops. In the town of Agua Verde , a den of debauchery, Pike's gang makes contact with the general. A jealous Angel spots a former lover in Mapache's arms and shoots her dead, angering Mapache. Pike defuses the situation and offers to work for Mapache. Their task is to steal a weapons shipment from a U.S. Army train so that Mapache can resupply his troops – and appease Mohr , his German military adviser, who wishes to obtain samples of America's armament. Their reward will be a cache of gold coins. Angel gives up his share of the gold to Pike in return for sending one crate of the stolen rifles and ammunition to a band of rebels opposed to Mapache. Other than Dutch Engstrom having to be saved by Angel when he nearly fell under the train's wheels, the holdup goes as planned – until Deke's posse turns up on the very train the gang has robbed. The posse chases them to the Mexican border, only to be foiled again by an explosive booby trap which blows up a trestle and sends the entire posse into the Rio Grande. Pike and his men, knowing they risk being double crossed by Mapache, devise a way of bringing him the stolen weapons – including a Browning M1917 machine gun – without him double-crossing them. However, Mapache learns from the mother of the former lover Angel killed that Angel embezzled a crate of guns and ammo, and reveals this as Angel and Engstrom deliver the last of the weapons. Surrounded by Mapache's army, Angel desperately tries to escape, only to be captured, betrayed by Engstrom , and tortured after Engstrom rides back to rejoin Pike's gang. Sykes, while securing the gang's spare horses, is wounded and forced into hiding after another encounter with Deke's posse. The rest of Pike's gang returns to Agua Verde for shelter, where a bacchanal celebrating the weapons purchase has commenced; to their disgust, they see Angel is being dragged on the ground by a rope tied behind the General's car. After a brief assignation and a period of reflection, Pike and the gang try to persuade Mapache to release Angel, barely alive after the torture. The general appears to comply; however, as they watch, the general cuts his throat instead. Pike and the gang angrily gun Mapache down in front of hundreds of his men. For a moment, the Federales are so shocked that they fail to return fire, causing Engstrom to laugh in surprise. Pike calmly takes aim at the German officer and kills him, too. This results in a violent, bloody showdown in which Pike and his men, along with the majority of the German and Mexican troops present, are killed. Deke finally catches up. He allows the remaining members of the posse to take the bullet-riddled bodies of the gang members back and collect the reward, while electing to stay behind, knowing what awaits the posse. After a period, Sykes arrives with a band of the previously seen Mexican rebels, who have killed off what's left of the posse along the way. He asks Deke to come along and join the revolution. Deke smiles and rides off with them."] ['Joseph Frail—doctor, gambler, gunslinger—rides into town looking to set up a business. He passes by the "hanging tree," an old oak with a thick branch over which has been slung a noose. He rescues Rune, a sluice robber who has been shot, and forces him into indentured servitude. A stagecoach is robbed and overturned, killing the driver and a male passenger. But the daughter of the male passenger is believed to have survived. A search party is formed, and Elizabeth Mahler is found by the town opportunist "Frenchy." Cripled by burns, blindness and dehydration received from overexposure, Elizabeth is moved into the doctor\'s house to begin her recovery. The placement gains much chagrin from the town\'s women, who believe that she may be paying for her medical care through illicit behavior. Frenchy sneaks in under the guise of trying to strike a business deal with Elizabeth, but instead tries to forcefully kiss her. Frail witness the aggression and chases Frenchy back to town. Frail beats him up and threatens to kill him. There are many witnesses, including a mad faith healer, Dr. Grubb, who sees Frail\'s medical practice as a threat. Elizabeth regains her sight and makes romantic overtures toward Frail. He rejects her. She leaves in a huff, determined to strike it rich as a prospector so that she can pay off Frail and get out from under his control. She teams up with Rune and Frenchy, who plan to buy a claim and set up a sluice. To get money, she pawns a family heirloom. It is worthless, but Frail tells the pawnbroker to give her however much money she needs. Thus Frail secretly continues to control her. She finds out and asks Frail why he couldn\'t respond to her affection. He reveals that his wife had an affair with his own brother. He found them together, both dead, an apparent murder-suicide. In a rage, he burned down their house with their bodies in it. He tells Elizabeth he is "not allowed to forget." The trio of Elizabeth, Frenchy and Rune strike it rich, finding a "glory hole{{dn}}" of gold under a tree stump. They ride into town as heroes, tossing pieces of gold to the townsfolk. The gaiety quickly turns into a riot lead by the lawless members. While the lawful citizens of the town are engaged in firefighting, Frenchy takes advantage of the comotion to make advances on Elizabeth. Her disinterest sparks his brutal physical assault as he attempts to rape her. Frail again catches Frenchy during this new aggressive act, but this time kills him. The lawless portion of rioting people in town witness this. Seeing his opportunity to remove his "competition", the faith healer incites the mob to lynch Frail. They carry him to the hanging tree and string him up. Rune and Elizabeth rush in carrying their gold and the deed to the claim. Elizabeth offers everything to the townsfolk if they will let Frail live. As the mob members fight each other to grab the gold and claim document, the lynch party disperses. Elizabeth feels she has finally paid Frail back. Rune takes the noose off and Frail calls out to Elizabeth to come back.'] ["Con-woman Diana McQueen  decides to skip out of town and leave her boss, Tom Rourke  behind. To avoid the conflict that would result by her quick disappearance, she switches places with a dying friend, who had planned on becoming a man's mail-order bride. Seeing that this is her only chance to escape, she takes on the role and lies to the unsuspecting frontiersman ."] ['In the 1916 Mexican Revolution, American mercenary Wilson  checks into a hotel in Northern Mexico during a battle. Equipped with a suitcase full of Mk 2 grenades; he throws a few "samples" at the Federal troops in the square, turning the tide of the battle. Revolutionary Col. Escobar  and his men praise Wilson\'s efforts, calling him "El Alacran"  for the sting of his grenades. Col. Escobar is still a bit wary about why an American would want to help them. Wilson informs Escobar of a plot by an American gun runner, Kennedy  to sell a large shipment arms and explosives to Federal forces—but he\'s not sure where they are. Encouraged by Wilson to capture Kennedy, they attack his train and stop it. Kennedy lies; saying the arms are at his fishing lodge. Wilson make time with Kennedy\'s flirtatious wife, Lisa . After the capture of Kennedy, Wilson takes his leave of Escobar. He goes to the fishing lodge to find nothing but Lisa, whom he saves from Escobar\'s firing squad and encourages to flee north to the U.S. Angered by what he perceived as treachery, Gen. Escobar imprisons Wilson in with Kennedy, who is now held in an old mission awaiting the firing squad. Wilson, inexplicably, still has two hand grenades, which he uses to blow their way out of the mission. With Escobar chasing them through the jungle and over a waterfall, they both escape, but Kennedy is shot and later dies. Taking the secret of the arm\'s location the dying Kennedy has given him, Wilson, and Escobar, ride to the coast and Kennedy\'s fishing villa. The arms were to be delivered by barge in a day or two. They then encounter federal troops who are going to ambush Escobar\'s rebel force which is approaching by the beach. Wilson then offers Escobar a "compromise"; no more "deals" by getting a M1917 Browning machine gun out of the arms barge and offering to blow up the explosives barge to save his troops. Raking the troops to force them back, the explosives barge is now cut free of its moorings to drift towards the troops on shore. A few rounds into this barge by Wilson and the Federals are blown up. After his men then load up with the arms, Escobar releases Wilson, saying; "Adios, El Alacran!" Wilson heads North to rejoin Lisa.'] ['Soldiers with the U.N. forces that entered Korea during the Korean War rape a village girl named Eon-rae. The villagers ostracize Eon-rae and her son. Unable to make a living, Eon-rae joins the brothel district that has been set up near the U.N. base on the other side of the river from the village. The war and the introduction of U.S. culture break down the social order of the village. After several village children have died, the villagers put the blame on the prostitutes. Eventually the villagers, unable to maintain the village, leave their homes one by one. Eon-rae and her son also leave.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ['When a family of Dakota Territory pioneers is violently abducted and a posse is assembled to venture into the badlands and rescue them, the frightening truth they discover in the hills leads them to believe man may not be the only hunter stalking the Old West. The year is 1879, and beyond the fringes of civilization a handful of courageous pioneers maintain settlements while exploring the unknown territories. One night, under the shimmering Western stars, a family from one of these settlements is brutally dragged into darkness by a group of unknown invaders. At first the kidnappers are thought to be hostile Native Americans, and a posse forms to bring the family back home safely. Venturing out into the unmapped territories is an Irish immigrant desperate to find his lost love, a naïve teen eager to prove his worth, a former slave seeking his fortune after gaining his freedom, and a hardened pair of battle-weary Indian fighters. But nature\'s wrath and the tomahawks of hostile tribes are not the only threats that this group will be forced to contend with, because as the bodies begin to multiply and the truth about the abductors gradually emerges, these rescuers will find out that there are forces in this world that cannot be described in human terms—and that seem to have motivations beyond our comprehension. A species, called "Burrowers" by the Natives, used to subsist on buffalo. When white settlers depleted the buffalo, the species began to survive on human meat - first hunting nearby Indians and later the settlers. One tribe in particular, the Ute, have experience in combating the hunter-species. The "Burrowers" first lace their victims by cutting them and drugging them with a toxin. The victim is then buried alive and eaten only after decomposition has begun. By the time the film\'s protagonists meet up with the Ute their numbers are severely depleted, but the Ute method of drugging someone already infected with "Burrower" toxin proves effective. When the "Burrowers" go to eat the twice drugged victim they themselves fall asleep and are vulnerable, especially to the rays of the sun, which are the only apparent thing that can kill them. However, the surviving member of the posse, the Irishman Coffey, is unable to discover exactly what the Ute used to drug the "Burrowers", as most of the remaining Ute are executed by the overzealous Cavalry. The film ends with the suggestion that the "Burrower" attacks will continue. In addition to the environmental message about changing ecosystems, the film assesses prevailing attitudes towards Blacks and Natives amongst the settlers in the West, with special focus on the brutality of the US cavalry.'] ['Kid and his partner, Gordito, and another outlaw named named Harbison are each bequeathed a third interest in a gold mine of a dying prospector and whose only request is that they take care of his baby. In order to make sure that each keeps their promise, he tears the map of the mine in 3 parts.'] ["A rash of strange cattle rustlings have occurred in which cattle are slaughtered on the range and their carcasses taken away. Sheriff Matt Doniphon  and his deputies, Gene Autry  and Frog Millhouse , watch over one rancher's cattle as they are driven to Box Canyon. After the sheriff and his men leave, the rustlers move in, radio the cattle's location from an airplane, and then bring in refrigerator trucks. The rancher and one of his workers are murdered, the cattle killed, and the carcasses taken away. Newspaper editor Helen Morgan , responding to the increased cattle raids, demands that Sheriff Doniphon be replaced, claiming he is too old-fashioned to deal with modern rustlers. Gene defends the sheriff against Helen's editorial. Having been raised by the sheriff after being orphaned as a young boy, Gene knows the man's character and abilities. Helen, however, refuses to change her stance. While investigating the recent raids, Gene and Frog grow suspicious of the Chicago and Western Packing Co., owned by Jack Shannon  and run by Jack and his brother Jim . The deputies find the carcasses of some rustled cattle and demand to see the hides in order to check the brands. Lying to the deputies, Jim tells them that the cattle belong to his partner, Thad Slaughter , and that Slaughter has the hides at his ranch. On their way to Slaughter's ranch, Gene and Sheriff Doniphon discover Frog locked in one of Jim's trucks. They chase after the truck and Jim shoots the sheriff, who is not seriously wounded. Later that afternoon, Frog identifies Jim as the one who shot the sheriff. Jim is taken to jail, and Jack and Slaughter grow concerned that Jim may talk and expose their operation. That night, Slaughter breaks into the jail and beats Jim to death in his cell. The next day, many of the town's citizens demand that Sheriff Doniphon resign, blaming him for the murder and the ongoing cattle raids. Eustace P. Quackenbush  and his detectives are soon hired to put an end to the raids and restore order with their modern, scientific methods. At the welcoming party, Jack learns that rancher Bidwell's men are all in town and alerts his rustlers to go to Bidwell's ranch, where Frog and Stubby  lay in wait for the desperados, wearing a cow costume. When he sees the rustlers approaching, Frog sends an emergency message to Gene, who then uses the radio to call all local cowboys to defend Bidwell's ranch against the rustlers. Hearing the broadcast, the rustlers attempt to flee. Meanwhile, on their way to the Bidwell ranch, the automobiles used by Quackenbush and his detectives get stuck in the mud, while the cowboys ride past the detectives on their trusty horses and quickly round up the gang. Sheriff Doniphon shoots Jack as he attempts to use Helen as a hostage, thereby proving to her that old-fashioned methods are still the best. While Frog and Stubby try to outrun a bull attracted by their cow costume, Gene and Helen ride back to town together, passing Quackenbush, who is still stuck in the mud."] ['Josey Wales, a Missouri farmer, is driven to revenge by the murder of his wife and son by a band of pro-Union Jayhawkers—Senator James H. Lane\'s Redlegs from Kansas. Wales joins a group of pro-Confederate Missouri Bushwhackers led by William T. Anderson. At the conclusion of the war, Captain Fletcher persuades the guerrillas to surrender, saying they have been granted amnesty. Wales refuses to surrender. As a result, he and one young man are the only survivors when Captain Terrill\'s Redlegs massacre the surrendering men. Wales intervenes and guns down several Redlegs with a Gatling gun. Senator Lane puts a $5,000 bounty on Wales, who is now on the run from Union militia and bounty hunters. Along the way, despite wishing to be left alone, he accumulates a diverse group of companions. They include an old Cherokee named Lone Watie, a young Navajo woman, and an elderly woman from Kansas and her granddaughter Wales rescued from Comancheros. In Texas, Wales and his companions are cornered in a ranch house which is fortified to withstand Indian raids. The Redlegs attack but are gunned down by the defenders. Wales, despite being out of ammunition, pursues the fleeing Captain Terrill on horseback. When he catches him, Wales dry fires his pistols through all twenty–four empty chambers before stabbing Terrill with his own cavalry sword. At the bar in Santa Rio, a wounded Wales finds Fletcher with two Texas Rangers. The locals at the bar, who refer to Wales as "Mr. Wilson," tell the Rangers that Wales was killed in a shoot-out in Monterrey, Mexico. The Rangers accept this story and move on. Fletcher refuses to believe that Wales is dead. He says that he will go to Mexico and look for Wales himself. Seeing the blood dripping on Wales\'s boot, Fletcher says that he will give Wales the first move, because he "owes him that." Wales rides off.'] [' {{Expand section}} Gary Cooper plays "Reb" Hollister a former Confederate out to revenge himself on a group of carpetbaggers who murdered his family and destroyed their home in Georgia. With the help of his friend Wild Bill Hickok, Hollister\'s death is faked and he accompanies and swaps identities with Federal Marshal Martin Weatherby. Martin is an inexperienced dude from the East using the position of Marshal to impress his fiancee Tonia, whose Mexican family is being terrorised by the same gang that murdered Reb\'s family and terrorised Georgia. Hollister posing as the dude Martin protects both men and lets them get closer to the carpetbaggers.'] ['The film opens in the Forbidden City in 1887, where Chon Lin  is drinking tea with her father, the Keeper of the Imperial Seal of China. She tells him her brother, Chon Wang , is doing well as a sheriff in Carson City, Nevada, United States, but her father replies that her brother is dead to him. At that moment, Lord Nelson Rathbone , leads a band of Boxers into the city, who attack the Keeper. Rathbone stabs him and leaves with the seal. As he lies dying, he gives Lin a puzzle box and a letter to Chon Wang. Back in the Wild West, Chon Wang is doing well as sheriff, having captured an impressive array of fugitives. His deputy is relaxing with a book called "Roy O\'Bannon Vs. The Mummy", a highly fictionalized account of the events of the first film that now portrays Wang\'s "Shanghai Kid" as a cowardly sidekick. Wang receives a parcel, which contains the puzzle box and Lin\'s letter, telling him their father is dead and that she has tracked the murderer to London. Chon Wang travels to New York City to find his old partner Roy O\'Bannon , needing his share of the gold left over from the first film to buy his ticket. Roy has left his brief stint in law enforcement, broken off his romance with Falling Leaves, spent most of the gold investing in the Zeppelin, and is now a hotel waiter and part-time gigolo. After they attempt prostitution to pay for a trip to England, the Mayor of New York arrives in search of his daughters, Roy\'s latest clients. Chon Wang fights off a number of New York police officers, and he and Roy ship themselves to London in a crate. On the way, Wang tells Roy about his father, and Roy swears an oath to help reclaim the seal. During a meeting with the British Parliament, Rathbone gives word of trouble going on in China and even presents a gift to the Queen from the Emperor as a Bengal Tiger. The Parliament find this action appalling and insulting. In London, Wang and O\'Bannon have their duster and watch stolen, respectively, by a number of street thugs including a young boy named Charlie . After an extensive battle to reclaim these items, they are arrested by the police. In Scotland Yard, Inspector Artie Doyle  thanks the two for defeating the Fleet Street gang and gives Roy his watch that Charlie had stolen. He tells Wang that Lin is also in Scotland Yard, having attempted to kill Lord Rathbone and been dubbed "Looney Lin". Doyle is a reader of the Roy O\'Bannon novels, and is enthralled to meet the actual Roy O\'Bannon. Roy tries to use this to get Lin released, but it does not work. Meanwhile, Rathbone finds himself not alone in his carriage as Wu Chow  sneaks his way on and the two exchange a quick conversation and Rathbone slips him the dagger that killed the Keeper of the Imperial Seal. Sometime later, Roy and Wang wander through London, seeing Buckingham Palace. They encounter Charlie, who lets them into the empty house of a nobleman. Charlie brings it to their attention that the nobleman has an invitation to a gala at the castle. Roy and Wang don disguises: Roy masquerades as Major General "Sherlock Holmes" , and Wang is the "Maharaja of Nevada". After turning down the offer to try some spotted dick, Wang and Roy follow Lord Rathbone to a private library. Once they enter, they cannot find him; he has slipped through a secret passage, which Wang discovers in a fireplace. As Roy occupies himself with a copy of the Kama Sutra, Wang enters the secret room, which contains treasures from throughout the British Empire. Rathbone\'s guards attack Roy, but he is rescued by Lin, who has escaped from Scotland Yard. The three see Rathbone hand the Imperial Seal to Wu Chow, the illegitimate brother of the Emperor of China. Rathbone sees them and sets fire to the building, but young Charlie shows up and makes off with the Seal, Lin escapes through the roof, and Wang and Roy commandeer Rathbone\'s primitive automobile  for a wild ride, culminating in them crashing into Stonehenge. While unconscious after the car crash, Roy has a sexual fantasy involving Lin and the Kama Sutra, and he decides to start pursuing her, much to Wang\'s dismay. Lin finds them and gives them a ride to Whitechapel, where they stay in a rundown inn. Wang tells Lin about Roy\'s vices and problems, which Roy overhears. Lin does not flinch, but Roy is devastated at the betrayal. Wang however quickly makes it up to him by convincing several female prostitutes to have a sexy pillow fight with Roy. Lin, surprisingly, walks in on the fiasco and is heartbroken at the sight of Roy taking part in all the shenanigans. They all find themselves surrounded by Rathbone and a squad of boxers who apprehend the three. Taken to a covered pier, tied up and left defenseless, Wang and Roy finally encounter Wu Chow, his second-in-command Liu  and his Boxers. Wu Chow ties her up to try to locate the Seal, but they do not know where Charlie has taken it. He tells them the grand scheme: Rathbone would kill the bearer of the Seal and return the item to Wu Chow, who would use the Seal to unite the enemies of China and claim the throne. In return, Wu Chow would use a Gatling gun to dispatch the Royal Family, leaving Rathbone, who is tenth in line to the throne, King. Chon Wang and Roy escape and track down Artie Doyle, who has developed an investigative technique called deductive reasoning, which he uses to find that Charlie has been hiding at Madame Tussauds wax museum. They reclaim the Seal, but it is taken by Boxers, and the three are arrested for trespassing. Charlie  breaks them out, and they go to Queen Victoria\'s Jubilee Ball, where the Royal Family will be. Wang finds Wu Chow and Lin as well on the fireworks barge, kills Liu, unties Lin, and dismantles Wu\'s plan. However, Wu proves himself to be an accomplished martial artist, surpassing Wang in skill, but Lin arrives in time to kill him with a fireworks rocket and save Wang. Artie and Roy, who have found their way into the Houses of Parliament, confront Rathbone and prevent his escape. Before Artie can arrest him, Rathbone shoots him in the shoulder. Roy and Wang pursue Rathbone up into Big Ben, where they engage him in a sword fight. Rathbone pushes Roy out of the glass front of the clock, but Roy catches himself on one of the clock\'s hands. Rathbone nearly defeats Wang, but Wang\'s rage over his dead father and fallen comrade leads him to suicidally grapple with Rathbone, sending both of them flying out the clock face. Luckily, Roy catches Wang, as Rathbone plummets to his death. Roy and Wang decide to jump by gripping hold of a large British Flag drapped over Big Ben and land in the carriage containing Queen Victoria. Roy and Wang are knighted, as is Artie, whose full name is now Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Artie decides to become a writer, his stories revolving around his deductive reasoning technique, and asks Roy if he can use the "Sherlock Holmes" name. Roy and Lin kiss, and Roy proposes that he and Wang go to Hollywood to get in on the ground floor with motion pictures . They roll off in a buggy, with Charlie stowed away. Wang also manages to open the box his father sent him, finding a message inside reminding him of the importance of family.'] ['On vast mountainous Montana vista, to soft strains "ride \'em" chorus, horned cattle quietly herd until raiders divert. Hearing shots, Dare  "This is no time to think" in a tall white hat, and hungry dark-mustached wiry side-kick lightning-rod salesman Dink Hooley  mis-call "the winning side", add their wild mustangs to confusion and dusty stampede at jerky triple time of original silent film. Rough shrubby terrain provides dangerous battle. Seemingly safe across border in next state, Wayne\'s cousin Tom Fillmore , local "big man" Bank President, and "shining" good sheep of the family surprises the pair, offers job. "People around here spend too much time thinking"; John just fist fights and proposes while Tom\'s girl Judy  bandages his eye "I guess I\'ll just marry you". She declines to answer "You\'ve been hurt enough for one day". When a rattler scares her horse, Tom\'s somersaults and Dare wins the chase. "I wound up the cat and kicked the clock out" is Dare trying to turn a new leaf and be responsible. Judy asks Tom to take the cook\'s apron off Wayne, so the boss does promote his cousin to foreman of the herding. First night out, rustlers attack - empty blankets "Hope it don\'t start raining". Dare makes the sale for over $10K, but gets convinced to pay out wages and stay the night to celebrate, proving who is "the best player west of the Mississippi". The bartender serves a deck under the bad guy\'s tray of drinks, and Dare loses almost everything. When Dare is late returning, Tom tells Judy the cost was worth every penny to show her Dare\'s true nature. She pleads for him to save Dare "You\'re smart about these things, smarter than any man I know." He arrives in time to take over playing and catches their trick. Fillmore hands have already left, so the bad guys shoot Tom in the shoulder and pursue the trio. Dink diverts some and catches up to bring the hands back, while the cousins hole up, Dare admitting Tom is the best poker player. Back home after winning the gunfight, Tom tells Judy where Dare is riding out of town, and that he wants to offer him a partnership, so Judy brings the Montana-bound buddies back.'] ['Now in his 60s, Morgan is the chief of the Sioux and is much hated by white men because "many\'s a white man\'s died from the tricks he taught the Sioux." However, the government calls Horse to peace talks. But someone with a rifle assassinates him and his men after the meeting. His son , who was raised among the Sioux but was sent away to school in the East, returns to deal both with white settlers encroaching on the Sioux lands and with his own people who want to go to war. He also meets an attractive young woman who happens to be a Crow, the traditional enemy of the Sioux. In the end, it is revealed that Horse was murdered by a phony preacher who wanted to start a war so he could get the Sioux\'s lands. Horse\'s son and his Crow girlfriend have a traditional showdown with the preacher and his head honcho. At the end, Horse\'s son sees the triumphant spirit of his father in full chief regalia.'] ['In Red River Valley, Banker Hartley Moore  schemes to sabotage the efforts of citizens to secure water rights in order to win water profits for himself. Following the murder of five men who were overseeing the completion of an irrigation system, Gene Autry  is hired for the dangerous job of "ditch rider", in charge of patrolling the ditches to prevent malfunction or sabotage. At the Red River Land and Irrigation Company, Steve Conway  works for Mary Baxter  and her father, George Baxter . Jealous of Mary\'s attention towards Gene, Conway joins Moore in his scheming actions and hires Bull Dural and his gang to dynamite the water gates and kill the ditch riders. On his first night on the job, Gene and his friend Frog Millhouse  are almost killed. They apprehend Bull\'s henchmen and turn them over to the sheriff. Conway and Bull then rob the payroll, accuse Gene of the crime, and encourage Baxter\'s workmen to revolt by destroying the dam. Gene and Frog go after Bull, while Baxter and the railroad conductor hold off the men at the dam until Gene arrives with Bull and the payroll. Conway and Moore steal the train in a desperate attempt to escape, but they are killed riding into dynamite. Baxter successfully finishes the irrigation, after which, Gene and Mary ride off on their honeymoon.'] ["An old gunslinger Wyatt and Ben Lee Sutton injured boy in love with a Mexican girl, Wyatt will teach you to use the gun, the young man now knows how to defend himself, he wants to avenge the murderers of his girlfriend's father .. Ben Wyatt will have to help and defend themselves against bandits, seeking the land of the Mexican girl."] ['After finding gold in Alaska, George Pratt  sends partner Sam McCord  to Seattle to bring back his fiancée, a French girl whom Sam has never met. Finding there that George\'s girl has already married another man, Sam brings back prostitute "Angel"  as a substitute. There is a misunderstanding: she thinks Sam wants her for himself and begins to become enamored with him during the boat trip to Alaska, during which he treats her like a respectable lady. An angry George rejects the girl outright, though his younger brother Billy ([[Fabian  is definitely interested. Meanwhile, con man and saloon owner Frankie Cannon  tries to steal their gold claim. In time, George takes a liking to Angel and is willing to marry her. But once he realizes that she has fallen for his partner, he does everything in his power to coax Sam into admitting that he, too, is in love. Meanwhile, the men discovered Cannon\'s scam after he convinced his illiterate janitor, so they try to reclaim their right in the court. The story concludes with an all-out brawl in the town\'s muddy streets. Angel decides to leave but the guys convince her to stay.'] ["A Union cavalry brigade, led by Colonel John Marlowe , is sent on a raid behind Confederate lines to destroy a railroad and supply depot at Newton Station. Ironically, before the war, Marlowe had been a railroad building engineer. With the troop is a new regimental surgeon, Major Henry Kendall  who seems to be constantly at odds with his commander. Kendall is torn between the duty and the horror of war. Complicating matters, while the unit rests at Greenbriar Plantation, Miss Hannah Hunter , the plantation's mistress, and her slave Lukey  eavesdrop on a staff meeting wherein Marlowe discusses his plans. To protect the mission, Marlowe is forced to take the two women with him. Initially hostile to her Yankee captor, Miss Hunter gradually warms to him. In addition to Miss Hunter, Marlowe also has to continually contend with Col. Phil Secord who doubts Marlowe's orders and command decisions. Several battles later, including a fire-fight which results in the death of Lukey, and a skirmish with Boy Cadets from a local military school ,http://archaeotex.blogspot.com/2007/05/cinematic-license.html and with Confederate forces in pursuit, Marlowe and his command reach a bridge which must be stormed in order to access the Union lines. Dr. Kendall is forced to choose between remaining behind with some badly wounded men , or leaving the men without medical care until the Confederates arrive. Marlowe, wounded, is able to lead his troops over the bridge after they have set charges under it. First, he lights the fuse and the bridge blows up to halt the Confederates once again. He and his command continue on to their destination having successfully completed their mission. This is not shown but is understood. See below."] ['Frontiersman Elias "Big Eli" Wakefield  decides to leave 1820s Kentucky and move to Texas with his son "Little Eli" ([[Donald MacDonald . Along the way, they run into two women who take a liking to the pair, indentured servant Hannah , who wants to go with them, and schoolteacher Susie , who would rather have Big Eli marry her and settle down. Big Eli also has to deal with villainous Stan Bodine , who cracks a mean bullwhip.'] ['Jubal Troop is a cowboy who is found in a weakened condition, without a horse. He is given shelter at Shep Horgan\'s large ranch, where he quickly makes an enemy in foreman Pinky, a cattleman who accuses Jubal of carrying the smell of sheep. Horgan is a cheerful, agreeable fellow who is married to an attractive, much younger woman named Mae whom he met in Canada. He takes an immediate shine to Jubal and offers him a permanent job. Behind his back, Mae also has taken a liking to Jubal, which she expresses to him in no uncertain terms. Horgan has been impressed with Jubal\'s work ethic and makes him foreman over the other cowhands. That further antagonizes Pinky, whom Horgan does not trust. Jubal fends off Mae\'s advances while developing an interest in Naomi, a young woman from a traveling wagon train of an unnamed religious group that the cowboys call "rawhiders." Pinky and the other cowboys try to run off the strangers and resent Jubal\'s interference on their behalf. Jubal\'s only ally is a drifter named Reb, who has attached himself to the wagon train. With Jubal\'s recommendation, Reb is hired to help him at the ranch. Pinky, who has carried on with Mae behind her husband\'s back, tells Horgan that his wife and Jubal have betrayed him. Horgan demands the truth from Mae, who angrily responds that she can\'t stand him and lies that Jubal has been seeing her. An enraged Shep rides to town and confronts Jubal, intending to kill him. Reb flips a gun to Jubal just in time and Shep is shot dead. Pinky makes another play for Mae, then beats her savagely when she pushes him away. Pinky then rallies the others to go after Jubal, persuading them that he stole Shep\'s wife and murdered him. A posse gets the truth from a dying Mae, that her accusations toward Jubal were completely untrue. She also reveals that Pinky beat her, just before she dies. The posse slowly circles Pinky and it\'s clear they intend to hang him. Jubal rides away with Naomi and Reb.'] ['Two cowboys witness an assault of a diligence. They steal loot and rendezvous. However, they discover they are on different sides of the law. In addition, the love for a woman adds complications to their relationship.'] ["A film about a land dispute. Charles Mortimer  buys cattle from Ken Morley  and builds a fence to keep them in. His neighbour, Slater , is angered by Mortimer's actions because he wants access to the land. By way of revenge, he builds a dam cutting off Mortimer's water supply. Morley confronts Slater, and Slater captures and imprisons him in a shack. The dam is subsequently destroyed by lightning, and the shack holding Mortimer is in the path of the oncoming surge of water."] ['Johnny Hawks is a man who made his name fighting Indians. Returning to the West after the Civil War he must now keep wronged Sioux warriors from massacring the Oregon-bound wagon train he is leading and the nearby fort.'] ['Town marshall Hopalong Cassidy investigates the murder of a gold miner who was killed before he could file his claim.'] ['Tanner is a desperate prisoner who escapes from jail and promptly murders an innocent farmer named Matthew Random. Stealing Random\'s horse and gun, the outlaw promptly makes his escape. Finding his twin brother murdered, Lucius Random  vows revenge and sets off to find the killer. Although he does not know the identity of the killer, Random knows that he is part of the nefarious "Checker Gang" and can be identified by the gun he stole from Matthew, which is one of a unique set of two that the brothers Matthew and Lucius owned between them.'] ["John Sheldon is falsely accused by Frank Nolan of killing Lou Salters. With his owner now in prison, Nolan steals Sheldon's horse Rex with plans to ride him in a big race. Sheldon's dog, Rinty, Alice Ingram and her sidekick Henry rescue Rex and Alice rides him in the race instead. The winnings from the race are used to pay for Sheldon's defense."] ['The film started out with a young Ned Kelly rescuing a young boy from drowning. It then pans to the Australian bush with Ned talking about his father. He then awakens in the Australian outback and sees a white mare. He rides it into town, only to be arrested and subsequently imprisoned in 1871, for supposedly stealing the horse, even though it had actually been stolen by Wild Wright, Ned\'s friend. Two years later Ned is released and comes home to a warm welcome from his Catholic Irish family. The Kelly family are seemingly working to get ahead in life, by owning horses and farming. One night at a bar, a local Victoria Police Officer named Fitzpatrick, offers to buy Ned\'s sister a drink. After several attempts, Kate Kelly insists she doesn\'t want one. Ned intervenes and hostilities ensue when fellow Officers help Fitzpatrick. Getting back at Ned, the Victoria Police Officers confiscate the Kellys horses. Ned, his brother Dan and their friends Steve Hart, Joe Byrne and Wild Wright steal back their horses. One evening later, Fitzpatrick arrives at the Kelly house, while Ned is away, to visit Kate, only to be told that she doesn\'t want to see him. Fitzpatrick tells them they have warrants for them, for horse stealing. A fight ensues and Fitzpatrick returns to the Police office, telling the others that Ned Kelly shot him. The Police then arrest Ned\'s mother . Ned, Dan, Steve and Joe become outlaws on the run. They later meet some Police in the Victorian bushlands and kill Constable Lonigan and two other Officers in a shootout. For the following months the "Kelly Gang" avoids capture, living in the outback, often without food. The Colonial Government sends in Superintendent Francis Hare, who arrests many people including Joe Byrne\'s lifelong friend, Aaron Sherrit. Sherrit, being told that they don\'t want to harm his friend Joe, but only want the Kellys, provides a location where the gang might be. Byrne learns of this and arrives one night armed with a loaded shotgun and kills Aaron for being an informant. The next day the Kelly Gang take over the town of Glenrowan, taking seventy hostages at the Glenrowan Inn, but also winning the trust of the townspeople there. Hare and the Police are set to capture the gang as their train is saved from derailment by an escaped hostage. The Police then lay siege to the inn at dawn. The Kelly Gang, using plate metal body armour, emerge from the inn and begin shooting, but are forced inside again. Joe Byrne is shot and dies inside the inn. Morning passes, and the Police wonder where the outlaws are. Ned then re-emerges from the inn but is shot in the arms and legs and falls. Dan and Steve, down to their last bullets and knowing all is lost, commit suicide. Ned regains consciousness and even though gravely injured, continues to fire at the Police. He finally is shot to the ground and taken down. Ned is loaded onto a train, and Hare asks if he may have the beloved green sash. The train then steams away. It is noted that even with a petition of over 30,000 signatures for mercy, Ned Kelly was sentenced to death for the murder of Constable Lonigan and hanged at Old Melbourne Gaol on 11 November 1880.'] ['Rancher John Garth is arrested for critically wounding his wife Valerie and killing her parents. During the trial, we flashback to the lead up to the incident.'] ["In 1832, Jim Deakins  is traveling in the wilderness when he encounters an initially hostile Boone Caudill . However, they soon become good friends. They head to the Missouri River in search of Boone's uncle, Zeb Calloway . They find him when they are tossed in jail for brawling with fur traders of the Missouri River Company. When 'Frenchy' Jourdonnais  comes to bail Zeb out, Zeb talks him into paying for Jim and Boone too. The two men join an expedition organized by Zeb and Frenchy to travel 2000 miles up the river to trade with the Blackfoot Indians, in competition with the Missouri Company. Zeb has brought along Teal Eye , a pretty Blackfoot woman Zeb found several years before after she had escaped from an enemy tribe. Zeb intends to use her as a hostage, as she is the daughter of a chief. On the journey, they encounter another Blackfoot Zeb knows, Poordevil ; they take him along. Later, Teal Eye falls into the river and is rescued from rapids by Boone. The Missouri Company knows about the threat to their monopoly. One day, it makes its move. A party led by Streak  captures Teal Eye and tries to burn the boat, but Frenchy wakes up before the fire causes much damage. Poordevil tracks the enemy and Zeb and Jim rescue the woman. Later, the expedition puts in at a company trading post and leaves a warning not to interfere. A week later, they repulse an attack by Crow Indians. Jim is separated from the group and shot in the leg. Boone, followed by Teal Eye and Poordevil, finds him, extracts the bullet and waits for his friend to heal. When they rejoin their band, they find Streak trying to buy the boat and the goods on it. Jim compares the bullet dug out of his leg with one of Streak's and finds them to be the same. Streak and his men are killed in the ensuing shootout. The expedition reaches the Blackfeet and begins trading. Teal Eye tells a very disappointed Jim that she loves him... like a brother. Boone follows her back to her teepee. When he emerges much later, he is surprised to find out he is now married. However, Teal Eye makes him buy her from her father, so that he can leave any time he wants to. With winter coming on, the men begin the long return trip. However, Boone changes his mind and decides to stay with Teal Eye."] ['Bill Doolan  is released from jail and is going home on the train when it is held up by his boyhood friends, the Dalton Gang. Doolin finds himself accused of helping the crime and winds up an outlaw.'] ["Their friendship strained by love of the same woman, cowboy buddies Bobby Ray Burns and Pal Grisham return to hometown Cherub, Texas, to renew old ties and settle an old debt. In the thirty years since the pair split up, Bobby Ray's guitar picking and singing have won him gold records, while Pal's good looks have earned him silver-screen stardom—and the hand of the woman who divided them, Kitty O'Donnell. Known once around old Cherub as 'The Three Musketeers,' Bobby Ray, Pal, and Kitty come home to confront the past in this warm-hearted, cowboy valentine to friendship, love, and fidelity. Even as Cherub welcomes them back as celeb-heroes, Bobby Ray seeks to involve Pal in breaking into the town bank to make an anonymous deposit of $211.63 — repayment of a loan drawn on a whiskey-drinking night, years gone, that saw the 'Musketeers' go their separate ways. Complications ensue as they learn that the bank, much of the town, and Pal's ancestral ranch have fallen into the hands of antagonist, Cale Chason."] ['In 1876, the North-West Mounted Police send Constable Duncan MacDonald  and a blackmailed Blackfoot scout  to get the Cree to sign Treaty 6 with The Crown. In addition to negotiating with the Cree, MacDonald of the Mounted rescues white hostages (Robert Horton and [[Penny Edwards  arrests a murderer, and adopts a Cree son .'] ["Thomas Dunson  is a stubborn man who wants nothing more than to start up a successful cattle ranch in Texas. Shortly after he begins his journey to Texas with his trail hand, Nadine Groot , Dunson learns that his love interest , whom he had told to stay behind with the wagon train with the understanding that he would send for her later, was killed in an Indian attack. Despite this tragedy, Dunson and Groot press on. That night, Dunson and Groot, keeping watch, heard a group of Indians planning to attack them. They kill the Indians, and on the wrist of one, Dunson finds a bracelet he had been left by his late mother. One day before, he had presented it to his young love as he left the wagon train. The bracelet reappears significantly later in the film. The next day, an orphaned boy named Matthew Garth  who had been part of the wagon train Dunson had left, and who came back from finding a strayed cow to see the ruins of the train wanders into Dunson and Groot's camp, babbling inchoerently. He was the sole survivor of the wagon train. Dunson adopts him and ties the boy's cow to his wagon, alongside a bull Dunson already owned. With only the bull and the cow, Dunson, Groot and the boy enter Texas by crossing the Red River and Dunson proudly proclaims all the land about them as his own. Two Mexican men appear on horseback and inform Dunson that the land already belongs to their boss. Dunson dismisses this inconvenient fact and thanks to a quicker draw in a showdown, kills one of the men and tells the other man to inform his boss that Dunson now owns the land. Dunson names his new spread the Red River D, after his chosen cattle brand for his herd. Fatefully, he promises to add M  to the brand, once Matt has earned it. 14 years pass and Dunson now has a fully operational cattle ranch. With the help of Matt and Groot, his herd now numbers over ten thousand cattle, but he is also broke as a result of widespread poverty in the southern United States. Due to its loss of the American Civil War, the south cannot afford Dunson's beef. Dunson decides to drive his massive herd hundreds of miles north to Missouri, where he believes they will fetch a good price. After Dunson hires some extra men to help out with the drive, including professional gunman Cherry Valance ([[John Ireland , the perilous northward drive starts. Along the way, they encounter many troubles, including a stampede sparked by one of the men making a clatter while trying to steal sugar from the chuck wagon. En route, they are told by casually met strangers that the railroad line has reached Abilene, Kansas, much closer than Missouri. When Dunson establishes that none of these wayfarers have seen the railroad, he disregards the news in favor of plugging on to Missouri. Deeper problems arise when Dunson's tyrannical leadership style begins to affect the rest of the men. One of the two chuck wagons accompanying the drive had been destroyed in the stampede, morale drops because the men are living on nothing but beef, and have no coffee to drink. Dunson by now is broke and cannot buy more supplies. When he attempts to lynch two men who had deserted the drive and taken a sack of flour and 100 rounds with them, Matt rebels. With the help of Valance and the other men, Matt takes control of the drive in order to take it to the hoped-for closer railhead in Abilene, Kansas. Face to face, Dunson curses him and threatens to kill him when next they meet. The drive resumes toward Abilene, leaving the lightly injured Dunson behind with his horse and a few supplies. Matt and his men are well aware that Dunson will try to recruit a posse to pursue and attack them. On the way to Abilene, Matt and his men repulse an Indian attack on a wagon train. One of the people they save is Tess Millay , who falls in love with Matt. They spend a night together and he gives her Dunson's mother's bracelet, evidently given to him in earlier years. Eager to outpace Dunson to Abilene, he leaves early in the morning—as Dunson had left the original wagon train 14 years earlier. Later Tess encounters Dunson, who has followed Matt's trail to the new wagon train. He sees that she wears his mother's bracelet. Weary and emotional, he tells Tess what he wants most of all is a son. She offers to bear him one if he abandons his hunt. Dunson sees in her the same anguish that his beloved had expressed when he left her at the original doomed wagon train. Regardless of that, he resumes his hunt. The bracelet has moved from one sweetheart to another. When Matt reaches Abilene, he finds the town has been eagerly awaiting the arrival of such a herd to buy it and ship it east by rail. Unknowingly, he has completed the first cattle drive along what would become known as the Chisholm Trail. He accepts an excellent offer for the cattle. Shortly thereafter, Dunson arrives in Abilene with a posse to follow through with his vow to kill Matt. Cherry Valance tries to keep the two apart. Dunson shoots him and Valance inflicts a flesh wound on Dunson. Dunson and Matt begin a furious fight, which Tess interrupts by drawing a gun on both men, shooting wildly, and demanding that they realize the love that they share. Dunson and Matt see the error of their ways and make peace. In earlier days, both men had laid their inner hearts open to her. The film ends with Dunson telling Matt that he will incorporate an M into the brand as he had promised 14 years before, and advises Matt to marry Tess. Note: In Chase's original Saturday Evening Post story, Valance shoots Dunson dead in Abilene and Matt takes his body back to Texas to be buried on his ranch."] ['A tough cowboy, Robert Sands  is banished from an Arizona town for his drunk and disorderly comment. He moves to New York and gets a job as bodyguard and guardian to a wealthy and spoiled young man. He falls in love with a restaurant owner  who has compromising letters from the young man Sands is charged with protecting.'] ["The Gunlock Town Sheriff  is planning to hang Sam Hall  for shooting three farmers found on cattle land at sundown. At the casino, betting odds are 8 to 3 he won't make it. The cattlemen are set to rescue Sam; the farmers hope to lynch him before he can be rescued; and Hall schemes for escape with his girl Nellie . But Sheriff Jorden is most concerned with finding out who hired Hall: a leading suspect is the sheriff's future brother-in-law.Synopsis by Rod Crawford at IMDb.com website"] ['Charged with wartime cowardice, Major Lex Kearney is drummed out of the Union Army with a dishonorable discharge. His disgrace is complete, wife Erin even informing him that their ashamed son has run away. What no one knows is that Kearney has accepted a fake discharge so that he can carry out a top-secret assignment to go undercover and find the rustlers who have been providing horses to Confederate troops.'] ['A hard working miner, Steve Denton , has become rich from years of prospecting. He takes his fortune and leaves to visit his ill mother, Mrs. Denton . In the town of Yellow Ridge, however, he is detained by a seductive dance hall girl named Trixie . Also known as "the firefly," Trixie not only cheats him out of his gold, but also conceals a message that was wired to him by his dying mother. Learning the next day that his mother is dead, Denton is infuriated about being cheated and betrayed by Trixie, who pretended to be good, and other false friends. In his rage, he kills Trixie\'s lover, Chip Emmett , and kidnaps her. Dragging her by the hair of her head, he takes her into the desert. Enslaving Trixie in his desert hideaway, Denton turns his back on "white civilization." He hates all white men and women and assumes the leadership of a band of Indian and Mexican bandits. Two years later, a wagon-train of Mississippi farmers who are lost and dying in the desert appeal to Denton for help. He refuses to assist them. He is secretly visited that night by Mary Jane Garth , an innocent and virtuous young woman among the migrants who bravely confronts the Indians and Mexicans. She pleads their cause and expresses her belief that no white man would refuse to protect a woman in distress. Deeply moved, Denton is redeemed. He guides the wagon-train out of the desert and then resumes his wanderings.'] ["Jake Roedel  and Jack Bull Chiles  are friends in Missouri when the American Civil War breaks out. During the mayhem, Chiles's father is murdered by Kansas Union Jayhawkers. The two men join the First Missouri Irregulars, also known as the Bushwhackers; informal units loyal to Missouri in 1861. They later meet George Clyde  and former slave Daniel Holt ([[Jeffrey Wright , whose freedom Clyde has previously granted. The Bushwhackers battle Jayhawkers using guerrilla warfare tactics while trying to evade capture. The men manage to hide out in a coarsely-built shelter on the property of a pro-Confederacy family, the Evanses. A young widow in the household, Sue Lee Shelley ([[Jewel , becomes romantically involved with Chiles. When Chiles dies of gangrenous wounds received during a skirmish, Roedel escorts Shelley to a refuge dwelling where another pro-Confederate kindred, the Browns family, reside. Following the collapse and destruction of a makeshift prison holding the female relatives of guerrillas, a complementary clan of Bushwhackers led by William Quantrill  plot a revenge attack against the Union and raid Lawrence, Kansas."] ['A trio of cowboys, Vern ([[Cameron Mitchell , Wes  and Otis , stop to rest for the night at the remote hide out of a gang of outlaws led by Blind Dick . In the morning, they find themselves surrounded by a vigilante hanging party and are forced to become fugitives due to a case of mistaken identity.'] ['Harry Spikes is an aging bank robber of the fading "Old West." Injured and near death, he is found and mended back to health by three impressionable youths who are lifelong friends -- Wil, Tod, and Les. Later, encouraged by Spikes\'s reminiscences, they run away from home seeking excitement and easy living. Reunited with Spikes on several occasions, the boys follow his tutoring, ultimately resulting in the gravest of consequences.'] ["Robertson's title character is a professional cowboy who wants to work the rodeo circuit and is given the chance by a rodeo impresario: this stroke of luck after he is released from jail for the passing of bad checks. He then hits the road with a few friends and a girl who likes Coop. Upon breaking into the circuit, Coop must prove he is good, but doing so is not easy."] ['{{plot}} An unnamed American man  at a bar in Mexico tells the story of how he witnessed a massacre in another bar committed by a man  with a guitar case full of guns. The bar\'s patrons perk up when the man mentions that the mariachi was looking for a man named "Bucho." Later, the American man visits the Mariachi telling him that the bar is a good starting place to look for Bucho. Meanwhile, the bartender alerts Bucho that a "man in black" is looking for him and Bucho increases his security. El Mariachi arrives in town, and befriends a young boy. Entering the bar he is recognized by the patrons, employees of Bucho, and engages in a gunfight with them, killing all but one. As he exits, he is tailed by the sole survivor, who manages to wound him before being killed. During the meeting with the survivor, he saves beautiful bookstore owner, Carolina, and passes out. When he wakes up, his wounds are being tended by Carolina  the owner of the bookstore. He also finds out that Bucho holds control over Carolina and the entire town, paying them to hide his illegal activities. Later, he meets with his American friend at a nearby church; but, as they exit, they are attacked by the assassin Navajas , who kills the American and wounds El Mariachi with a set of throwing knives. As El Mariachi runs in a back alley for cover, Navajas is interrupted by the presence of Bucho\'s limo and is killed by Bucho\'s bodyguards before they realize that he had been sent by Bucho\'s superiors to kill El Mariachi. That night he returns to Carolina and the two of them succumb to their desires and make love. The next day, El Mariachi and Carolina are ambushed by Bucho\'s men, who were sent to kill them. When Bucho\'s men set the bookstore on fire, the couple escape through the rooftop. After finding cover, El Mariachi grabs one of his guns and aims at Bucho from outside his limousine, but suddenly hesitates and puts his gun away upon seeing his face. Carolina asks him why he didn\'t shoot, but he does not reply. Later, at a hotel, El Mariachi tells Carolina she can leave the village and use the money she stashed to start a new life, but she tells him that the money was hidden in the books that were burned. He then decides to call his friends Campa ([[Carlos Gallardo  and Quino , who meet up with him and go to a deserted part of town for a showdown with Bucho\'s men. Campa and Quino are killed in the battle, but the three mariachis manage to wipe out the thugs. However, El Mariachi discovers that the little boy from earlier on has been shot. He and Carolina rush the boy to the hospital before heading for Bucho\'s ranch. Upon their arrival, it is revealed that El Mariachi and Bucho are brothers; Bucho\'s real name is César and he addresses El Mariachi as Manito . Bucho, however, is angered by Carolina\'s betrayal and threatens to kill her to even the score with El Mariachi killing his men. El Mariachi, unable to bear another love\'s death, ejects his pistols from his sleeves and shoots Bucho dead. Back at the hospital, the couple discover that the boy will recover from his wounds. El Mariachi thanks Carolina and leaves. As he is walking in the desert, Carolina drives by and asks him to join her. He throws away his guitar case before he and Carolina drive off; but then they stop and go back to pick it up , before driving away into the sunset.'] ["A stagecoach bound for the town of Jericho is ambushed by Alex Flood, a lawman gone bad. Sharpshooting from a safe distance, Flood wounds the coach's driver, Ben Hickman, who is brought to town by the only passenger, a gambler named Dolan. Hickman is a former Santa Fe lawman and Dolan was once his deputy. They now are partners in the stage line with Molly Lang, whom they have come to Jericho to meet. She was once Flood's lover when he came to Jericho to restore law and order, but now she hates the man who has seized power in the town. Flood forms a lynch mob that hangs a man who dared confront one of his gang, then burns down the home of another townsman who tried to organize a secret meeting. While the wounded Hickman recovers from the gunshot, Dolan takes a liking to Molly and decides to help her when Flood's men try to take over her stagecoach line. He gets into a violent fight with Yarbrough, one of Flood's men. Dolan begins to create havoc in Flood's empire, stealing his cattle and causing explosions at Flood's ranch and gold mine. He is assisted by Hickman and by Jace, the town's former sheriff. Flood returns to Jericho seeking revenge. He shoots Hickman in the back, killing him. Dolan sets out after Flood for a final showdown in the hills."] ['Junior "JR" Bonner is a rodeo rider who is slightly "over the hill". Junior is first seen taping up his injuries after an unsuccessful ride on an ornery bull named Sunshine. He returns home to Prescott, Arizona for the Independence Day parade and rodeo. When he arrives, the Bonner family home is being bulldozed by his younger brother Curly, an entrepreneur and real-estate developer, in order to build ranch homes. Junior\'s womanizing, good-for-nothing father Ace and down-to-earth, long-suffering mother Elvira are estranged.  Ace dreams of emigrating to Australia to rear sheep and mine gold, but he fails to obtain financing from Junior, who is broke, and refuses to ask Curly for it. After flooring his arrogant brother with a punch, Junior bribes rodeo owner Buck Roan to let him ride Sunshine again, promising him half the prize money. Buck thinks he must be crazy but Junior actually manages to pull it off this time, going the full eight seconds on the bull. Junior walks into a travel agent\'s office and buys his father a one-way, first-class ticket to Australia. The film\'s final shot shows JR leaving his hometown, his successful ride on Sunshine continuing to put off the inevitable end of his career.'] ["A gang of outlaws, led by Judge McQuade ([[William Robertson , are committing crimes and blaming it on the Cisco Kid , in McQuade's attempt to drive the settlers off the land and buy it himself. The Cisco Kid and Gordito  eventually stop the scheme, and the Kid falls in love with widow Emily Lawrence ."] ['A feud between Kentucky clans the Tollivers and Falins has been ongoing for as long as anyone can recall. After an engineer, Jack Hale, arrives with coal and railroad interests, he saves the life of Dave Tolliver, whose injury has developed gangrene. Dave expects to marry a cousin, June, but she takes an immediate shine to the newcomer. Her younger brother Buddie is also impressed with Hale, who begins to educate him and take the boy under his wing. But others from both families do not give this outsider their trust. Upset over the budding romance, Dave sets out after Hale with a rifle but is ambushed by the Falins. The latest round of violence causes June not to want to return home, so Hale sends her to Louisville to live with his sister. A bridge is destroyed by the Falins, causing the accidental death of Buddie. A funeral is held and June returns, newly sophisticated from being in the big city. Family patriarch Buck Falin extends his apologies about her brother. Dave, however, is shot in the back by Wade Falin. The families agree that the feud has gone too far. Hale is befriended by all, and will happily marry June.'] ["El Mariachi  is recruited by CIA agent Sheldon Sands  to kill General Emiliano Marquez , leader of a guerilla force who has been hired by Mexican drug lord Armando Barillo  to assassinate the President of Mexico  and overthrow the government. Many years ago, El Mariachi and his wife Carolina  confronted Marquez in a shootout and wounded the general; in retaliation, Marquez took the lives of Carolina and their daughter in an ambush. In addition to El Mariachi, Sands persuades former FBI agent Jorge Ramírez  to come out of retirement and kill Barillo, who had murdered his partner Archuleta in the past. Furthermore, AFN operative Ajedrez  is assigned by Sands to tail Barillo. While monitoring Barillo's activities, Ramírez meets Billy Chambers , an American fugitive who has been living under the protection of Barillo, but can no longer stomach the horrible tasks he's been forced to carry out for him. Ramirez convinces Chambers he will provide him protection in exchange for getting closer to Barillo by tagging Chambers' pet chihuahua with a hidden microphone, and Chambers agrees to complete the deal by surrendering to U.S. authorities once Barillo has been taken down. Cucuy , who was originally hired by Sands to keep an eye on El Mariachi, tranquilizes El Mariachi and brings him to Barillo's mansion. Cucuy, however, is promptly killed by Chambers while El Mariachi escapes from captivity and calls his friends Lorenzo  and Fideo  to assist him in his mission. While monitoring Barillo's activity outside a hospital, Ramírez notices armed men storming the building and follows suit. He discovers that a group of doctors have been gunned down and Barillo has bled to death as a result of a botched facial reconstruction, but realizes that the corpse on the operating table is a body double before he is knocked out and kidnapped by the real Barillo and Ajedrez, who reveals herself to be Barillo's daughter. Sands realizes his mission has been compromised, but is too late, as he is captured by Barillo and Ajedrez—who drill out his eyes before sending him out. Despite his blindness, he manages to gun down a hitman tailing him with the aid of a chiclet boy. As the village celebrates Day of the Dead, Marquez and his army storm in and attack the presidential palace. The guerrillas, however, are met with resistance from not only the Mexican army, but the villagers and the Mariachis. Marquez enters the presidential palace, only to once again confront El Mariachi, who shoots out his kneecaps before finishing him off with a headshot. Ramírez, who was released from captivity by Chambers, faces Barillo. After Barillo guns down Chambers, Ramírez and El Mariachi kill the drug lord. Sands manages to shoot the sadistic Ajedrez dead outside the presidential palace. Ultimately, Lorenzo and Fideo walk away with the loot that Barillo was using to pay Marquez, and escort the president to safety. Ramírez walks away, having accomplished his job. El Mariachi gives his part of the loot to his village before walking into the sunset while Sands begins his new life as a blind man."] ['Saloon owner Kent , the unscrupulous boss of the fictional Western town of Bottleneck, has the town\'s Sheriff, Keogh, killed when the Sheriff asks one too many questions about a rigged poker game. Kent and "Frenchy" , his girlfriend and the dance hall queen, now have a stranglehold over the local cattle ranchers. The crooked town\'s mayor, Hiram J. Slade , who is in collusion with Kent, appoints the town drunk, Washington Dimsdale , as the new sheriff, assuming that he\'ll be easy to control and manipulate. But what the mayor doesn\'t know is that Dimsdale was a deputy under the famous lawman, Tom Destry and is able to call upon the equally formidable Tom Destry, Jr.  to help him make Bottleneck a lawful, respectable town. Destry confounds the townsfolk by refusing to strap on a gun in spite of demonstrating that he is an expert marksman. He still carries out the "letter of the law", as deputy Sheriff, and wins over their respect. A final confrontation between Destry and Kent\'s gang is inevitable, but "Frenchy" is won over by Destry and changes sides. A final gunfight ensues where Frenchy is killed in the crossfire, and the rule of law wins the day.'] ["The Cattlemen's Association has called in the Mesquiteers to find cattle rustlers. They get Tex Riley to pose as Stony so Stony can arrive posing as a wanted outlaw. This gets Stony into the gang of rustlers and he alerts Tucson and Lullaby as to the next raid. But Hartley is on hand and unknown to anyone is the rustler's boss and he joins the posse with a plan that will do away with the Mesquiteers."] ['Gene Autry  returns to his hometown of Torpedo as guest of honor at the Frontier Days Celebration, where he meets his childhood enemies, the Wildhack brothers—Mark , Jasper , and Bud —who are now local gangsters. The Wildhacks own a saloon next door to the school, and when their shooting and brawling endangers the safety of the children, Gene protests and threatens to expose them during his next radio broadcast. The Wildhacks stop the broadcast and beat Gene up. Realizing that Hollywood life has softened him to the extent that he can\'t hold his own against three assailants, Gene decides to remain in Torpedo and get into shape again. He is encouraged by his friend Cornelius J. "Corney" Courtney  and Pop Laramie . Refusing to return to Hollywood, Gene now broadcasts his radio shows from Torpedo. Julie Sheldon , a debutante with theatrical aspirations, sees Gene in his natural setting and begins to take an interest in the cowboy she formerly scorned. Meanwhile, Gene rounds up the Wildhacks and fights them single-handed, forcing them to sing on his broadcast. When the brothers become determined to get revenge, Gene runs for sheriff so he will be in position to clean up the Wildhack political machine for good, and also make use of the "Vote for Autry" song. During the battles that ensue, one of Gene\'s friends is killed. Gene discovers evidence that identifies the Wildhacks as the killers.Magers 2007, pp. 174–175.'] ["After resigning from the CIA, Malone's car breaks down in a remote town. He takes refuge in the home of young Jo Barlow and her dad, who run a service station where the car is being repaired. Malone is soon harassed by local thugs and corrupt law officers, all of whom apparently answer to Delaney, a ruthless land baron with political ambitions. Delaney believes that Malone was sent there to kill him. Delaney's men murder a friend of Malone's, forcing a final violent showdown."] ["Rabbi Avram Belinski  arrives in Philadelphia from Poland en route to San Francisco where he will be a congregation's new rabbi. He has with him a Torah scroll for the San Francisco synagogue. Avram, an innocent, trusting and inexperienced traveler, falls in with three con men, the brothers Matt and Darryl Diggs and their partner Mr. Jones, who trick him into helping pay for a wagon and supplies to go west, then brutally rob him and leave him and most of his belongings scattered along a deserted road in Pennsylvania. Still determined to make it to San Francisco, Avram spends a little time with some Pennsylvania Dutch . Injured when he was dumped out of the speeding wagon, the Amish nurse Avram back to health and give him money for the train west to the end of the line. When he reaches the end of the line in Ohio, the rabbi manages to find work on the railroad. On his way west again after saving up enough money to buy a horse and some supplies, he is befriended and looked after by a stranger named Tommy Lillard , a bank robber with a soft heart who is moved by Avram's helplessness and frank personality, despite the trouble it occasionally gives him. For instance, when Tommy robs a bank on a Friday, he finds that Avram  will not ride on the Sabbath—even with a hanging posse on his tail. With some luck, however, they still manage to get away, mainly because with the horses rested from having been walked for a full day, they are fresh and able to ride all night, outdistancing their pursuers. On another occasion, due to Avram's insistence on riding into foul weather, he and Tommy have to use an old Indian trick and snuggle up next to their horses, which they have gotten to lie on the ground, to wait out a snowstorm. While traveling together, the two also experience American Indian customs and hospitality, disrupt a Trappist monastery's vow of silence with an innocent gesture of gratitude, and learn a little about each other's culture. While stopping in a small town not too far of San Francisco, Avram encounters the Diggs brothers and Jones again. He gets into a fight with the three of them, and after taking a beating is rescued by Tommy, who takes back what they had stolen from Avram and a bit more besides. Seeking revenge, the three bandits follow the pair and ambush them on a California beach where Tommy and Avram have stopped to bathe. Avram experiences a crisis of faith when he is forced to shoot Darryl Diggs in self-defense. Tommy brings him back by eloquent argument with simple language, reminding him that he still is what he is inside, despite what he had to do on the beach. When Matt Diggs, sole survivor of the ambushing trio, prepares to avenge his brother by killing Avram and Tommy springs to his friend's defense, Avram regains his composure and shows his wisdom and courage in front of the entire community. He exiles Diggs from San Francisco . The story ends happily with Avram marrying Rosalie Bender, younger daughter of the head of San Francisco's Jewish community, with Tommy attending the ceremony as his best man."] ['The Lady  enters the Old West town of Redemption circa 1881. In an attempt to seek vengeance for her father\'s death, she enters a single elimination gunfighting contest held by Redemption\'s ruthless leader, John Herod . and is introduced to Cort , a former Herod henchman turned reverend, whom Herod forced to enter the contest. The winner of the contest will receive $123,000 in cash "courtesy of Wells Fargo", the implication being that the money was stolen from Wells Fargo, since the cash is still in the sort of strongbox used to transport valuables on stagecoaches. The Lady forges a platonic friendship with Fee "The Kid" Herod , an arrogant and young gunslinger plus gun shop owner who hopes to impress Herod, whom he believes to be his father, although Herod denies the claim. As Cort is persecuted for abandoning his violent past in favor of a peaceful religious life, the first and second rounds of the competition ensue and he slowly begins to win the respect of the townspeople. Both Lady and Cort find that Herod\'s main goal of the contest is to eliminate anyone who might pose a threat to him as leader of the town, and form a bond over their histories with Herod. Haunted by her childhood traumas, Lady reflects that as a young girl, Herod manipulated her into killing her father , the town\'s former Marshal. With Lady, Cort, Herod and The Kid left as the four remaining contestants, Kid challenges Herod to a duel to win his respect. Although they both injure each other with bullet wounds, Kid\'s wounds prove fatal and he dies in the Lady\'s arms. Herod, though obviously saddened by the Kid\'s death, still refuses to acknowledge the young man as his son, believing him to be the result of his wife\'s affair with a farmer. When Lady and Cort are forced to face each other, they devise a plan to kill Herod and free Redemption from his oppression. The Lady fakes her death with help from the town\'s local doctor  and makes her return known seconds before Cort and Herod\'s duel by using the Kid\'s dynamite to blow up Herod\'s illegitimate business establishments. In the confusion, Cort dispatches Herod\'s men while the Lady goes on to fight Herod. They draw their guns, but Herod outdraws and shoots Lady in the chest, but she shoots him in the chest in a more fatal area and finishes him with a well-aimed gunshot to the eye. With Herod gone and the law restored, Cort becomes the new Marshal of the town as Lady rides off into the sunset.'] ['A local sheriff  is unjustly accused of murder in a small town and forced to flee. He gets rid of his enemies one by one and tries to prove his innocence.'] ["Union officers Major Drango and Captain Banning ride into a Georgia town ravaged by the Civil War and still bitter about the lives and property lost. Drango is the new military governor, but townspeople including Judge Allen and his son Clay make it clear that these Yankees are not welcome. A local man seen as disloyal to the Confederacy is lynched. The man's daughter, Kate Calder, blames Drango for letting it happen. Drango attempts to bring the men responsible to justice, but wealthy Shelby Ransom harbors the fugitives, including Clay, her lover. Union colonel Bracken finds fault with Drango for not being tough enough, so he confiscates the town's food supply and rations it. Clay's men stage a raid. A doctor and newspaper editor offer Drango their support in restoring order. The newspaper office is set ablaze and the editor's young son is accidentally killed. Kate now sides with Drango, and an angered Shelby tries to order Clay from her home, but he slaps her and makes her lure Capt. Banning to an ambush. Now even the judge is appalled by Clay's unlawful acts. He warns his son this must stop. Clay refuses to listen and shoots Drango, wounding him. He is about to kill Drango when a bullet from his father ends Clay's life, restoring law and order to the town."] ['After her car breaks down in the desert, Amanda Lawrence accepts a ride from Jonathan Dartland, a mining engineer, and his friend Hugh Slater, a doctor. Invited to a party at her wealthy mother\'s, "Dart" claims not to be fond of rich, spoiled women, but he and Amanda fall in love. Amanda\'s mother is not pleased to hear that Dart\'s own mother is an Apache Indian, once married to a Boston college professor. Apaches work for Dart in a mine, but women are not welcome and Amanda feels ignored. She spends more time with Hugh, causing gossip in town begun by Maria, who is attracted to the doctor. A pregnant Amanda seeks out Dart\'s mother, an Apache princess, who explains some of her son\'s attitudes. Dart angrily believes Amanda to be off with Hugh somewhere, however. When she returns, he is drunk and violent with her, causing a miscarriage. Amanda intends to return home. A collapse of the Foxfire mine injures Dart, but he also finds a rich vein of gold there. Informed that he\'s been hurt, Amanda rushes back to him.'] ["In 1871, six convicts escape from a Carson City prison. A posse loses them in a mountain blizzard, and after the posse turn back, the convicts continue on foot and one of the fugitives freezes to death. The 5 remaining are Canfield, Greer, Cockerell, Anderson and Maxwell. They make it to a lake called Monte Diablo, where five women live in a settlement while their men are away prospecting for silver. Granny is the elder, watching over Marcia, Rachel, Harriet and Barbara. Frightened by these men who arrive at night, the women however permit them to use an empty cabin. Granny hides guns where the unarmed men can't find them and they soon realise that the men are escaped convicts. In exposition, it becomes clear that Canfield  has returned to this small town for a reason and the other convicts suspect that he has money hidden somewhere in the small settlement. Canfield, we learn, had been convicted of killing a mine owner, Morgan, and $40,000 had gone missing, unfound after the murder. Canfield learns that the local woman Marcia  to whom he is attracted, is engaged to be married to a man named Rudy Schaeffer. It was Rudy Schaeffer whose testimony led to Canfield being sent to the penitentiary. Canfield claims it was Rudy behind the robbery, that Rudy took the $40,000 and unfairly swore testimony against Canfield, who then reveals that he has returned to the town to seek revenge and kill Schaeffer. Marcia finds it hard to accept his version of events, a damning version against her fiancé, while at the same time she is attracted to Canfield. A barn catches fire due to Rachel's carelessness and the convicts help put it out. The women are grateful and treat them more kindly. Canfield seems the most decent. The other four plot to get firearms and escape as soon as there is a thaw in the frigid cold, as they continue to suspect that Canfield has returned here for the missing money they. too, want to find. In private conversation it is revealed they have no compunction in killing Canfield once they have all that they want. Meanwhile, the men of the town are returning from their silver prospecting and stop in a saloon along the way. Rudy Schaeffer spots a wanted poster identifying Canfield and the other fugitives as escapees. He and his men head back on horseback to the lake and their families. Meanwhile, Greer has worked his charms on Rachel  and she reveals to Greer where the hidden guns are. He, Cockerell and Anderson burst in on Granny, remove her from her bed and find them under her mattress. Marcia meanwhile, terrified that her fiancé is targeted for a revenge killing, rides out of the small settlement to raise the alarm, but is followed by Canfield who eventually catches her settling down to camp for the night in a cave. He convinces her that he is indeed an innocent, good man. She believes him and tries to talk him out of his revenge plot. He says that the mine owner Morgan had swindled him out of the money, that he had come to talk to Morgan about it. Morgan had pulled a gun on him, they had scuffled and the gun had gone off accidentally, killing Morgan. Rudy had witnessed this, but in order to get the money had falsely testified that Canfield had killed Morgan in cold blood. Canfield and Marcia kiss and both then plan to return to the settlement in the morning. Maxwell, the younger convict, who is revealed to have been in jail for being a psycho woman killer is attracted to the youngest, Barbara, and takes her on a long walk and tries to kiss her. Barbara resists, but when she does, he starts to get agitated and attacks her. Canfield, returning to the settlement on horseback with Marcia hears Barbara's cries and goes to help her. In arriving to assist, Canfield sees Maxwell pull a knife, about to stab Barbara when Canfield lurches in and fights him, getting stabbed in the shoulder. Barbara escapes screaming and runs through the clearing towards the group of other women who are out looking for her, some carrying pitchforks. Canfield, stabbed, cannot chase Maxwell, who runs after Barbara through the trees like the lunatic he is, waving his knife. Unfortunately he runs into the women with their pitchforks and they kill him. Back at the settlement, Marcia confronts Rachel and tells her that her fiancé Rudy  may very well have been guilty of the robbery and not Canfield. Rachel has looked for the missing $40,000 and found it in a trunk belonging to Rudy. She gives it to Marcia who then takes it and gives it to Greer, extolling him to leave them all alone and go. Rudy Schaeffer and his men arrive back in the small town and confront the convicts who are attempting to escape. In a gunfight, Cockerell and Anderson are shot. Greer flees and runs up a mountain, the $40,000 flying from his pants in the wind. He stops to try and pick it up and is shot, falling from a ledge on a high cliff to his death. Canfield finally comes up behind Rudy Schaeffer and holds a gun on him, telling him to confess to all the others about the true story of the robbery and the mine owner's death. Marcia runs up behind screaming, scared about what is about to occur. As Canfield turns to see her, Rudy spins around and pulls a gun. However, Canfield turns back and kills Schaeffer in self-defense. Soon after, the townsfolk are standing around 5 graves.  They all see a posse arriving on horseback in the distance. Marcia pleads with them all to tell the Sheriff when he arrives that Canfield is innocent and killed Rudy in self defence. Rachel wants to turn Canfield in for killing her brother, whether he meant to or not, since he had returned to the town initially with the sole purpose of killing Rudy. The others all think that Canfield should go to trial and let a jury decide. Marcia pleads again that the only fair trial he will receive is here and now. When the sheriff arrives, he walks in on the end of the burial ceremony and sees the 5 graves. He says to Granny that he is looking for 5 convicts, . She points to the five graves and says that the convicts are buried, not revealing that Rudy is in one of the graves rather than Canfield. The Sheriff, believing Granny, then asks if anyone here wants to add anything or make a statement. One by one they all decline. The last person asked is Rachel. She hesitates, then quietly says she has nothing to add. Marcia and Canfield end up together as the posse leaves and the townsfolk file away."] ['In a world where the American economy has all but collapsed to the levels of the Great Depression, infamous bandits roams the country, and the law is as corrupt as the criminals its sworn to be stopped. Yet one lawman remains a steadfast moral compass for the people: Wyatt Earp. Earp has collared more most-wanted men than anyone in history-but after a violent assignment claims the life of his brother, Wyatt sets out to forge a simple life in the only boomtown left: Las Vegas. With gorgeous women and free-flowing money on endless tap, Sin City attracts more people than a modern gold rush. Though Earp no longer wears a U.S. Marshal badge, his past is about to catch up to him. With nearly everything to lose, Earp will have to beat the odds stacked against him to bring the old-fashioned justice to Sin City.'] ['In 1847, remorseful former outlaw Glyn McLyntock  is scouting for a wagon train of settlers to Oregon. While he is checking the trail ahead, he rescues Emerson Cole ([[Arthur Kennedy  from being lynched for stealing a horse. Cole, who says the horse is "not exactly stolen," thinks he\'s heard of McLyntock, but doesn\'t pursue the subject. One of the pioneers in the wagon train is the eligible Laurie Baile . That night, they are attacked by five Shoshone Indians and Laurie is wounded by an arrow. McLyntock and Cole go out to deal with the Shoshones and Cole saves McLyntock\'s life in the process. McLyntock welcomes Cole, but Jeremy Baile , the leader of the settlers, does not trust Cole and does not believe that a man can change from bad to good. When they reach Portland, Oregon, Laurie remains there to recover. Cole also leaves the party saying that he wants to go to California to find gold. The rest, including McLyntock, go on to establish a settlement in the wilderness after making arrangements with a man named Tom Hendricks to send the supplies they need for the winter to be sent on later . That night, they have a big party and meet a professional gambler named Trey Wilson . With winter fast approaching and the supplies at least six weeks late, they begin to worry when the food supply runs low. McLyntock and Jeremy Baile go back to Portland to investigate. They find that a gold rush has inflated prices enormously. Laurie and Cole are working for Tom Hendricks and have no intention of going to the settlement. McLyntock is not happy to see them together as a couple. Hendricks , their greedy supplier, has reneged on their business deal and has decided to sell their supplies at the new higher prices to a mining camp. Cole helps McLyntock round up some bad men to load the food and take it back to the settlement. Laurie joins them. When they are pursued, McLyntock sets up an ambush. Hendricks and some of his gang are killed, and the rest are driven off. On the way to the settlement, some of the miners show up and offer an exorbitant price for the food. The hired men begin thinking about ways to commandeer the wagon train. Cole cannot resist the temptation of all that money and double-crosses his friend but doesn\'t kill him. That proves to be a mistake. McLyntock tracks them down and retakes the supplies with the assistance of Jeremy, Laurie, and Trey. Cole brings the miners to help him retake the supplies, but they are miners, not gunfighters and they lose to the more experienced gunhands. In a climactic brawl in the river, McLyntock kills Cole and they watch the current take his body toward the falls. At the end, they finally reach the settlement with the supplies and it\'s apparent that Laurie and Glyn are now a couple.'] ['The marshal of Medicine Bend, Marshal Calem Ware,  tries to keep peace in a lawless town whilst trying to prevent himself from being killed. The arrival in town of a show troupe reunites the marshal with someone from his past, leading to a showdown with his would-be killers and his old flame, Tally Dickinson, .'] ['Although technically a Spaghetti Western, the plot of Texas, Adios plays more like a traditional American western film. Franco Nero plays two-fisted, taciturn Texas sheriff, Burt Sullivan, a man committed to duty and justice but possessed by a desire for revenge. Sullivan, along with his younger brother, crosses the border to bring wealthy and sadistic Mexican crime boss Cisco Delgado  to justice for the murder of their father. Eventually joining forces with a group of Mexican revolutionaries, Sullivan and his brother soon find themselves at the center of a bloodbath.'] ['Wyatt Earp , a retired peace officer, reunites with his brothers Virgil  and Morgan  in Tucson, Arizona, where they venture on toward Tombstone, a small but growing mining town, to settle down. There they encounter Wyatt\'s friend Doc Holliday , a Southern gambler and expert gunslinger, who seeks relief from his tuberculosis in Arizona\'s drier climate. Also newly arrived in Tombstone with a traveling theatre troupe are Josephine Marcus  and Mr. Fabian . The married Wyatt attempts to resist a strong attraction to Josephine. Wyatt\'s wife, Mattie Blaylock , is becoming dependent on laudanum. Just as Wyatt and his brothers begin to benefit from a stake in a gambling emporium and saloon, they have their first encounter with a band of outlaws called the Cowboys. Led by "Curly Bill" Brocious , the Cowboys are identifiable by the red sashes worn around their waist. Conflict is narrowly avoided upon Wyatt\'s insistence that he is retired and no longer interested in a career enforcing the law. This is also the first face-to-face meeting for Holliday and Johnny Ringo , who take an immediate dislike to one another. As tensions rise, Wyatt is pressured to help rid the town of the Cowboys. Shooting aimlessly after a visit to an opium house, Curly Bill is ordered by Marshal White  to relinquish his firearms. Curly Bill shoots the marshal and is forcibly taken into custody by Wyatt. The arrest infuriates Ike Clanton  and the other Cowboys, who threaten Wyatt, his brothers, and Doc. Curly Bill stands trial, but is found not guilty due to lack of witnesses. Virgil, unable to tolerate lawlessness, becomes the new marshal and imposes a weapons ban within the city limits. This leads to the legendary gunfight at the O.K. Corral, in which Billy Clanton , Frank McLaury , and Tom McLaury are killed, Virgil and Morgan are wounded, and the allegiance of county sheriff Johnny Behan  to the Cowboys is made clear. As retribution for the Cowboy deaths, Wyatt\'s brothers are ambushed: Morgan is killed, while Virgil is maimed. A despondent Wyatt and his family leave Tombstone and board a train. Followed by Ike Clanton and Frank Stilwell, Wyatt sees that his family leaves safely, and then surprises the assassins who had come to kill them. Stilwell is killed, but Wyatt lets Clanton return to send a message. Wyatt announces that he is a U.S. Marshal and that he intends to kill any man he sees wearing a red sash. Wyatt, Doc, a reformed Cowboy named Sherman McMasters , and allies Texas Jack Vermillion and Turkey Creek Jack Johnson, join forces to administer justice. Wyatt and his posse are ambushed by the Cowboys in a riverside forest. Wyatt wades out into the river and engages in a gunfight which ends with Wyatt killing Brocious. Johnny Ringo then becomes the head of the Cowboys. Doc\'s health is worsening and they depend on the accommodations of Henry Hooker . At Hooker\'s ranch, they encounter Josephine, learning that Mr. Fabian was shot by Cowboys who tried to steal Josephine\'s watch. Wyatt finally realizes he wants to be with Josephine, but is unable to commit to her because of his ongoing fight against the Cowboys. Ringo sends a messenger  to the ranch telling Wyatt that he wants a showdown to end the hostilities and Wyatt agrees. Doc knows he is a better match for Ringo, but is in no condition for a gunfight. Wyatt sets off for the showdown, not knowing that Doc has already beat him to the scene. Doc confronts a surprised Ringo, saying they are just finishing their previous challenge "to play for blood". Doc gets the first shot off, hitting Ringo, and killing him. Wyatt runs when he hears the gunshot only to encounter Doc. They then press on to finish the job of eliminating the Cowboys, although Ike Clanton escapes their vengeance after he throws down his red sash. Doc is later sent to a sanatorium in Glenwood Springs, Colorado. After a visit from Wyatt, Doc looks at his bare feet and the condition of the bed in which he is lying: realizing he is about to die with his boots off, he passes away peacefully, muttering "I\'ll be damned. Oh, this is funny." At Doc\'s urging, Wyatt pursues Josephine, locating her in Denver. Robert Mitchum narrates an account of their long marriage, ending with Wyatt\'s death in Los Angeles in 1929.'] ['Chon Wang is a Chinese imperial guard. After Princess Pei-Pei, for whom Wang has affection, is abducted and taken to the United States, the Emperor of China sends three of his guards to retrieve her. Wang is not among one of the three, but after he tells them that it was his fault the princess was kidnapped, he is merely sent in the hopes that the "foreign devils" would get rid of Wang. In Nevada, Roy O\'Bannon is an outlaw who, with his gang, hijacks the train Wang is on. When Wallace, a member of Roy\'s gang, kills Wang\'s uncle, Wang chases the outlaws down. However, the gang is well-armed and Wang\'s only choice is to unhinge the cars and get away on the engine. In the process, Wallace takes over the gang from Roy, and they leave him buried up to his chin in the desert sand. Meanwhile, Pei-Pei, who was tricked into believing she was freely escaping her arranged marriage in China, finds out she has been kidnapped by an agent of Lo Fong, who ran away from the Forbidden City and was viewed as a traitor by the Chinese. When Wang finds Roy buried in the sand, he demands to know the direction to Carson City. Roy tells him that the city is on the other side of a mountain. Wang puts two chop sticks in Roy\'s mouth for him to dig himself out. When Wang comes out the other side of the mountain, he gets involved with a Sioux tribe by saving a boy chased by the Crow tribe and ends up reluctantly marrying the tribe chief\'s daughter, Falling Leaves. Wang finds Roy in a tavern and, in anger, starts a fight with him that turns into a barroom brawl. The two of them get sent to prison, and after Falling Leaves helps them escape, they become friends. Roy trains Wang in the ways of the cowboy. When they get to Carson City, Roy discovers that both he and Wang, now identified as the "Shanghai Kid" are wanted by Lo Fong\'s ally Marshal Nathan Van Cleef, and the two of them narrowly escape. They go to a bordello , but after a drunken encounter by Wang, the Marshal eventually catches and arrests them. They find out that Lo Fong is behind the kidnapping of the princess. As they are about to be hanged, Wang manages to break himself free and after Falling Leaves shoots Roy loose, they escape the execution site. Wang, upset over Roy previously telling one of the prostitutes at the bordello he was not Wang\'s friend, rides off alone to find the princess. However, Roy follows him and the two reunite when Roy saves him from Fong. The next day, the two partners go to the ransom point, the Carson City Mission church. The three imperial guards arrive with the gold, and Lo Fong has the princess in hand. However, a simple exchange becomes complicated when Wang shows up and Roy points a gun towards Fong. Wang tells his fellow guards that he will not allow them to bring the princess back to China. As the Chinese and Lo Fong fight amongst themselves, Van Cleef arrives and engages Roy in a gunfight. After Roy is limited to one remaining bullet, Van Cleef simultaneously fires both of his guns but Roy shoots him in the heart. Wang fights the Imperial Guards whilst Lo Fong chases Pei-Pei through the rafters of the church. After Wang knocks all three Guards unconscious he fights Lo Fong to the bell tower. Wang ultimately kills Lo Fong by dismantling the bell causing it to hang Lo Fong. When they awaken, the Imperial Guards decide that they will let the princess stay. Wallace and his gang also come up to the church, and demand that Roy and Wang come out and fight. But when the two of them get outside the church to face Wallace, Natives from all around surround the gang. At a Chinese cultural celebration Roy thanks Falling Leaves for saving him and they engage in a passionate kiss. At the same time, Pei-Pei holds a smiling Wang\'s hand. Roy and Wang are shown as sheriffs and ride off to catch a new band of train robbers.'] ['Union officer Kerry Bradford  stages a daring escape from a Confederate prison run by prison commander Vance Irby  after learning that the rebels plan to smuggle five million dollars in gold from Virginia City, Nevada , to Texas, from where it can be shipped to Richmond, Virginia to aid the Confederate war effort. Bradford reports to Union headquarters and is immediately sent to Virginia City to determine where the gold is being kept. On the stagecoach, he meets and falls in love with the elegant Julia Hayne , who unbeknownst to him is in fact a dance-hall girl—and a rebel spy! Also on the stagecoach is the legendary John Murrell , leader of a gang of "bandidos" traveling as a gun salesman. Before he and his gang can rob the stage, Bradford gets the drop on them and they escape empty-handed. When the stage reaches Virginia City, Julia gives Bradford the slip and heads off to warn Captain Vance Irby —the former prison commander now managing the gold-smuggling operation—that Bradford is in town. Bradford follows Irby to the rebels\' hideout behind a false wall in a blacksmiths\' shop, but the gold is moved before he arrives. The Union garrison is called out to patrol the roads to prevent any wagons from leaving town. While Irby is meeting with the sympathetic town doctor, Murrell shows up looking for someone to set his broken arm. Irby offers Murrell $10,000 to have his bandidos attack the garrison, which will force the Union soldiers guarding the roads to come to its defense. While the soldiers are busy defending the garrison, Irby\'s rebels will smuggle the gold out in the false bottoms of their wagons. First Irby needs to take care of Bradford. He uses Julia to arrange a meeting between the two men, and then takes Bradford prisoner, intending to return him to prison.  The rebels\' wagon train reaches a Union outpost, where the wagons are stopped and searched. The skittish rebels start a firefight, and in the confusion Bradford escapes. Pursued closely by Irby and his men, he rides his horse down a steep incline and ends up somersaulting down the hill. The rebels, not wishing to follow, leave him for dead and continue toward Texas while Bradford sends a telegraph to the garrison. The major in charge of the garrison  is not as adept as Bradford in anticipating Irby\'s tactics, and does not take kindly to advice, so the pursuit falls ever further behind the rebels, who are themselves fighting thirst, privation, and the unforgiving terrain. Meanwhile, not satisfied with the $10,000 they\'ve been paid, the bandidos return and attempt to steal the gold. The Confederate wagons are trapped in a canyon and the gold appears to be lost when Bradford and a small Union force arrives. Irby is wounded in the gunfight, but Bradford\'s superior military skills and the rebels\' long guns eventually drive off the bandidos. That night, knowing that in the morning both Murrell\'s bandidos and the mass of the Union garrison will arrive, Bradford takes the gold from the wagons and buries it in the canyon with the help of two kegs of gunpowder. Major Drewery and his men arrive in the morning in time to crush the bandidos\' renewed attack. Bradford denies the gold ever existed and is soon brought up on charges in a court-martial, where he defends his actions. He explains that while "as a soldier" he knows the gold might be used to end the war sooner, "as a man" he knows it belongs to the South and he would prefer that it be used to rebuild the South\'s shattered economy and wounded honor after the war. The court finds him guilty of high treason and sentences him to death on April 9, 1865. The day before Bradford\'s scheduled execution, Julia meets with Abraham Lincoln (Victor Kilian, seen only in silhouette, and pleads for Bradford\'s life. Lincoln reveals that at that very moment, Generals Lee and Grant are meeting at Appomattox Courthouse to end the war. As the war is over, and in a symbol of the reconciliation between North and South, Lincoln pardons Bradford in the spirit of his second inaugural address, "With malice toward none; with charity for all..."'] ['Ben Allison  and his brother Clint ([[Cameron Mitchell  journey to Montana in search of gold. They come upon wealthy businessman Nathan Stark  who they rob and kidnap before he talks them into becoming partners with him on a cattle drive to Montana. As they travel to Texas to buy the cattle, they come upon a party of settlers who share their fire and agree to slaughter a mule for food; as they leave the next day they realize the Indians  are likely to attack the settlers and Ben heads back to see the last of the settlers being attacked by a war party and shoots several of them. He saves Nella Turner  who eventually joins them on the cattle drive. Ben and Nella have a fling while stuck in a cabin during a snow storm, but Nella rejects him as he "dreams too small" wanting to settle down to a ranch in his hometown whereas she sees that lifestyle as the road to unhappiness given her parents\' experience. Arriving in San Antonio, Nella takes up with Stark, whose desire to make as much money as possible coincides with Nella\'s own ambitions. But when, at Stark\'s insistence, she accompanies him on the final trek to Montana, the friction between Ben and Stark erupts as the drive heads into dangerous Indian country.'] ["Chris Morrell , the guardian of half-Indian girl Nina , is helping her find her missing white father, so she can cash in on her late mother's oil lease. Outlaw Sam Black  is after the girl and her father as well. Besides dealing with the Black gang, Morrell has to find another robber, Jim Moore, who switches clothes with him after he finds Chris unconscious from a fight with Sam Black. Along the way, he meets a lady who's the sister of Jim Moore , another bad hombre who's in cahoots with Jim Moore, and an old friend who takes in Nina and helps Chris locate Nina's father and fight off the various desperadoes.NY Times review {{cite book}} Amazingly, although George Hayes had a featured character and speaking role, he was omitted from the cast list in the opening credits!"] ['{{expand section}} Yancy Cravat ([[Richard Dix  moves his wife Sabra  and their family from Wichita, Kansas to the Oklahoma territory, which the U.S. government has opened up for settlement. Cravat is a lawyer and newspaper editor who quickly becomes a leading citizen of the boomtown settlement of Osage, but when he disappears to settle the new Cherokee Strip, his wife must fend for herself.'] ['Dingus Magee  is an outlaw in the old west who undertakes a series of comic adventures with the local sheriff  in pursuit.'] ["In 1856, ambitious freight company and store owner Logan Stuart  agrees to escort Lucy Overmire  home to the settlement of Jacksonville, Oregon along with his latest shipment. Lucy is engaged to Logan's best friend, George Camrose . The night before they depart, however, Logan has to defend himself from a sneak attack in his hotel room; though it is too dark to be sure, he believes his assailant is Honey Bragg . Later, he explains to Susan that he once saw Bragg leaving the vicinity of two murdered miners. Despite Logan's unwillingness to accuse Bragg , Bragg apparently wants to take no chances. On their journey, Logan and Lucy become attracted to each other. They stop one night at the homestead of Ben Dance  and his family. There, Logan introduces Lucy to his girlfriend, Caroline Marsh . In Jacksonville, Logan tries to get George to stop playing poker with  professional gambler Jack Lestrade , even giving him $2000 to pay off his debts, but George is more interested in the prospect of getting rich quick without hard work. What Logan does not know is that George has been stealing gold dust left in his safekeeping by the miners to pay some of his losses. George also has a secret he is keeping from Lucy; he keeps propositioning Lestrade's wife Marta , though she shows no interest in him. Meanwhile, the burly Bragg keeps trying to provoke Logan into a fight. Finally, he succeeds. Logan wins, but does not kill his opponent when he has the chance. A humiliated Bragg tries to ride Logan down on his way out of town. George decides to move away to make a fresh start and finally gets Lucy to agree to marry him. Logan then proposes to Caroline and is accepted, much to the disappointment of Vane Blazier, Logan's employee, who is in love with Caroline himself. Lucy decides to accompany Logan to San Francisco to pick out a wedding dress. Along the way, they are ambushed by Bragg. Though their horses are shot dead, they get away and return to town, only to discover that George is in grave trouble. When a miner appears months earlier than George had expected and informs him that he wants to get his gold the next day, George kills the drunk man late that night. However, his crimes are traced to him; shopkeeper Hi Linnet  saw him stealing some gold, and the miner's lucky gold nugget is found in George's possession. The locals, led by Johnny Steele , find George guilty of murder and lock him up, intending a late-night lynching. However, when one of the settlers rides in with the warning that the Indians are on the warpath after Bragg killed one of their women, Logan helps his friend escape in the confusion. Logan organizes a party to fight. When Bragg seeks their protection, Logan drives him off, to be killed by the Indians. They are then driven off by Logan's men. Afterward, Logan and Lucy learn that George was found and killed by one of the townsfolk. Caroline also has second thoughts about marriage to a man who is away so frequently on business; she breaks their engagement and accepts Vane. Logan and Lucy are free to follow their hearts."] ["When Chato, who is half Apache, kills the local sheriff, in self-defense, a former Confederate officer, Capt. Quincey Whitmore gathers a posse to hunt him down. It includes a number of local ranchers and townspeople, as well as a Mexican who is used as a scout and tracker. The posse pursues Chato into the wilderness, deliberately led into Apache country by him. Chato sabotages their water supply and puts several of their horses to flight. In retaliation, some members of the posse brutally assault Chato's woman, raping her and murdering his friend. Disagreements flare while Chato picks them off one by one. It gradually begins to dawn on the remainder of the posse that they are the ones being hunted."] ['Set in Mexico during the 1850s, the film tells the story of Sara Sandoval  and María Álvarez . María is an uneducated, poor farm-girl whose caring father is being forced off his land by a cruel U.S. land baron, named Tyler Jackson . Sara is the highly educated, wealthy daughter of the arrogant owner of the nearby properties, and has recently returned from Europe where she attended numerous grade schools and colleges in England, Spain, and France for several years. In one fell swoop, both María\'s and Sara\'s fathers fall under attack by the baron,  giving him free rein in the nearby territories. As an act of revenge, María and Sara team up to become bank robbers, stealing and giving back to the poor Mexicans who had lost their lands. At first, the two are catty and quick to fight over the smallest matters over their different backgrounds, but under the tutelage of famed bank robber Bill Buck they learn to trust each other. During a training session, the two women are testing their strength by hanging off a cliff over a wide river, and at the last moment María swallows her pride and tells Sara she can\'t swim. María nearly drowns but is saved by Sara, and it is then that the two women put aside their differences and agree that, while they are not friends yet, they can at least work together as partners. María turns out to be a crack shot and, while Sara can barely hold a gun, she shows that she is an expert with throwing knives. Angered by the recent attacks by the newly infamous \'Bandidas\', Jackson brings in a specialist criminal investigator named Quentin Cooke. It doesn\'t take long for Sara and María to hear of this, and they quickly capture Cooke and seduce him to help them. He has already figured out that Sara\'s father was murdered and therefore discovers that his employer is actually a criminal. Now there are three robbers, each playing their part in bigger, more ambitious heists. As time goes on, the girls compete for Quentin\'s affections, which he rebukes because he is engaged. In a move to make the money they have stolen useless, Jackson moves the gold that backs the money on a train up towards U.S. territories. Midway, he decides to steal the gold, betraying the Mexican government. The Bandidas manage to hunt him down, but when they get their chance to kill him, they can\'t, feeling it would make them no better than him. Jackson manages to draw his gun and almost gets a shot off at María but Sara shoots first, finishing the villain off. In the end Quentin ends up with his fiancée and María and Sara ride off into the sunset, their eyes set on Europe where the banks are, according to Sara, "bigger".'] ['In Zorro\'s Black Whip the word Zorro never occurs, but a female who behaves like Don Diego in Idaho fights a cabal of corrupt politicians as "The Black Whip" after her brother  is killed. Hammond, owner of the town\'s stagecoach line and a leading citizen, is secretly opposed to Idaho becoming a state, and conducts raids against citizens and settlers alike to prevent order. Randolph Meredith, owner of the town\'s newspaper, as the Black Whip, opposes this scheme, but one day he is killed after preventing yet another coup. Meredith\'s sister Barbara, expert with a bullwhip and pistol, dons Randolph\'s black costume and mask and becomes "The Black Whip" in her brother\'s place, dealing a blow to Hammond and his gang each time they perform some heinous act in their efforts to keep the town, and their power over it, unchanged. Aided by US government agent Vic Gordon, Barbara confronts Hammond in a final showdown just as the town votes on whether or not to accept statehood. Linda Stirling as The Black Whip is quite obviously female but, even after a bout of wrestling, the villains do not realise they aren\'t fighting a man. Some reference is made to this in the script, however, when the villains are trying to determine who the Black Whip\'s secret identity could be: {{quote}} The day is saved when Vic Gordon discovers Barbara\'s secret and removes her from suspicion by appearing in her costume. From this point on he, despite relinquishing the costume, tends to assume the hero role while Barbara becomes slightly more of a traditional damsel in distress.'] ['After Professor Marsh disappears whilst searching for the lost city of Lukachukai, the Three Mesquiteers lead an expedition to find him. {{Expand section}}'] ["Sheriff John Higgins quits and goes into prospecting after he thinks he has killed his best friend in shooting it out with robbers. He encounters his dead buddy's daughter and helps her run Lazy End Ranch. Then she finds out about his past."] ["The first story, told by Morrison, is about an Indian tribe's revenge against the man  who desecrates their burial ground. When that tale fails to impress Deeds, the second story, also by Morrison, tells about a man  who helps a seductive seemingly pregnant woman  in trouble. Deeds then responds with the only non-supernatural story of the three, about a homesteader family whose father  is forced to participate in a lynch mob. Finally, Morrison tells about a gunslinger  haunted by a man he kills. The next morning, Deeds points out to Morrison that the body he's carrying doesn't match the description on the wanted poster; Morrison cuts the body loose and rides out. Atherton appeared in the lead role in the 1978 NBC television western miniseries Centennial. Tom Simcox appeared in Grim Prairie Tales as the character Horn. In an acting career from 1962-1991, he appeared in eight Gunsmoke episodes and in other television westerns."] [" *Robert Lowery as Lee Preston/Leland Bruce *Helen Gilbert as Lynn O'Malley/McTavish *William Farnum as Sandy McTavish *Buster Keaton as Old Tarp/Mr. Boone *Si Jenks as Timber Cross *Stanley Andrews as Howard King *Al Ferguson as Turk Monroe *Trevor Bardette as White Cloud *Estelita Zarco as River Squaw *Ace the Wonder Dog as Ace *Jimmy the Crow as Jim"] ['Union Colonel Claude Brackenbury has a cozy arrangement with his Confederate counterpart. They fire a few artillery rounds in each other\'s general direction at precisely the same time each morning, then go back to contentedly waiting for the war to end. Captain Jared Heath, however, disturbs the status quo one day by going out and capturing some of the enemy. The Confederates feel obliged to retaliate. One thing leads to another and a military fiasco results. As punishment, Brackenbury and Heath are demoted, placed in charge of all the misfits General Willoughby can find and shipped west, where they can  do no further damage. The rebels are suspicious, so they send a beautiful spy, Martha Lou Williams, to find out their "real" mission. After questioning Easy Jenny, a madam Martha Lou is traveling with, Heath sees through Martha Lou\'s ruse. But he decides that he is going to marry her eventually, so Heath does his best to keep her out of mischief. When the unit is sent to escort an important gold shipment, the soldiers are captured by Thin Elk, an Indian chief in league with Hugo Zattig of the Confederates. Zattig\'s men masquerade as Union soldiers  and hijack the shipment. Thin Elk, meanwhile, recognizing Brackenbury as a fellow West Point graduate, lets his captives go, although without horses or guns. Heath takes charge. He and the men steal horses from the Indians, retrieve the gold  and capture Zattig\'s gang.'] [' The action of the film starts with Colonel Dodge  arriving on the first train and subsequently opening the new railroad line that links Dodge City with the rest of the world. A few years later, Dodge City has turned into the "longhorn cattle center of the world and wide-open Babylon of the American frontier, packed with settlers, thieves and gunmen &mdash; the town that knew no ethics but cash and killing". In particular, it is Jeff Surrett  and his gang who kill, steal, cheat and, generally, control life in Dodge City without ever being brought to justice. As Surrett has installed one of his puppets as sheriff, the other citizens\' hands are tied when it comes to arresting any of the evildoers. Dodge\'s friend Wade Hatton , a lone cowboy who was instrumental in bringing the railroad to Dodge City, is now on his way to the town leading a trek of settlers from the East coast. At Hatton\'s side is his old companion Rusty , who is prepared to stay with him through thick and thin. Among the settlers are beautiful Abbie Irving  and her irresponsible brother Lee , who, drunk, causes a stampede  and is shot by Hatton in self-defense. When the group arrive in Dodge City, Hatton is confronted with the full extent of the anarchy which is dictating everyday life there. Asked by anxious citizens — Abbie\'s uncle, Dr. Irving  among them — to be the new sheriff, Hatton politely declines, saying he is not cut out for this kind of job. Hatton changes his mind when, during a school outing, a young boy, Harry Cole is inadvertently killed by Surrett and his men. The new sheriff and his deputy — Rusty of course — have a hard time not just fighting the criminals but also convincing all the farmers who have been wronged by Surrett that mob rule  is out of the question: When Yancey , one of Surrett\'s thugs, is in jail, Hatton has to protect him against the furious men outside who, not caring for Yancey\'s right to a fair trial, want to take the law into their own hands and lynch him right then and there. In the end, Hatton succeeds in both overwhelming and catching the baddies and winning Abbie\'s heart. Everything has been prepared for a quiet family life in newly civilized Dodge City, but Hatton is asked by Colonel Dodge to clean up Virginia City, Nevada, another railroad town more dangerous than Dodge City had ever been. Understanding how much Wade is needed to settle the West, a loving Abbie heartily suggests she and her new husband join the next wagon train for their new life together.'] ["In the old west, Cowboy Woody comes to town and notices an ad at a western post office advertising for a new mail delivery rider. He is hired but is warned about the bandit Buzz Buzzard who has been stealing the mail and killing the carriers. Ignoring the warning, Woody sets off. Eventually, Woody runs into Buzz and they begin battling for Woody's mail pouch and it contents. After they use every trick and move they can against each other, Woody finally is able to both outwit and outlast Buzz, and finishes their long battle by knocking him out. Then with his pouch in hand, Woody goes to finish delivering the mail."] ['Don Arturo Bordega  is part of the old Spanish nobility, and a vocal advocate for California\'a annexation by the United States. On his way to a secret meeting in support of that goal, he is attacked by bandits led by José Martínez , but narrowly escapes. The planned "guest of honor" at the scret meeting to which Bordega is en route, is none other than then-U.S. Army Captain John Charles Fremont. Martinez\'s thugs attempt to assassinate Fremont while he is traveling to the same meeting, but succeed only in lightly wounding him. It is subsequently revealed that the corrupt Brios brothers, Ernesto  and Fredo  have paid Martinez to violently oppose the movement advocating American annexation of California, as part of their unscrupulous plot to deliver California to the imperial domain of the Russian Czar . Martinez\'s men violently seize a quantity of rifles from gunsmith Sam Lawrence , in order to arm a force in support of the Russian conquest of California. This invokes the wrath of his beautiful daughter, Julia , who winds up joining Arturo Bordega in his mission to infiltrate Martinez\'s bandit group, in order to foil their part in the nefarious scheme. Martinez is eventually killed by Julia Lawrence , during a period in which they learn the nature of the Brios\' plot. Arturo Bordega and Julia Lawrence eventually travel to Fort Ross, where they are able to capture Fredo Brios , and otherwise manage to thwart the treasonous conspiracy. During the course of their travels together, Bordega and Lawrence fall in love, and the film concludes with their stated intent to marry, and "have 14 children."'] ['The story follows four former prostitutes on the run following a justifiable homicide and a prison escape, who later encounter difficulties involving bank robbery and Pinkerton detectives.'] ['Arizona deputy sheriff Walt Coogan is sent to New York City to extradite escaped killer James Ringerman. Detective Lieutenant McElroy informs him that Ringerman is recovering from an overdose of LSD, cannot be moved until the doctors release him, and that Coogan needs to get extradition papers from the New York State Supreme Court. Coogan flirts with a probation officer, then bluffs his way to Ringerman, tricks the attendants into turning him over, and sets out to catch a plane for Arizona. Before he can get to the airport, Ringerman’s girlfriend Linny and a tavern owner named Pushie ambush Coogan and enable Ringerman to escape. Detective McElroy is furious. Coogan learns Linny\'s name and obtains her address from the home files of the flirtatious probation officer while getting to know her better. He tracks Linny to a nightclub and after some time she offers to lead him to Ringerman. Instead she takes Coogan to a pool hall where he is attacked by Pushie and a dozen men in a bloody battle. Coogan holds his own for awhile but is eventually overpowered. After hearing sirens the men take off, but not before the beaten Coogan kills Pushie and two others. Detective McElroy finds the bar in pieces and a cowboy hat on the floor. Coogan finds Linny and threatens to kill her if she does not lead him to Ringerman. She takes him to Ringerman, who is armed with a gun stolen from Coogan. Ringerman gets away on his motorcycle and Coogan commandeers the bike of an unlucky motorcyclist. Coogan gives chase through the park and eventually captures Ringerman. He hands the fugitive over to McElroy, who once again tells him to go to the DA\'s office and to let "the system handle this". Some time later Coogan, with Ringerman in cuffs, prepares to leave for the airport via helicopter. Inside the helicopter, Coogan lights a cigarette, and seeing that Ringerman wants a smoke, lights one up for him too.'] ["{{plot}} In southern Arizona territory, former hired gun-turned-marshal Chris Adams rescues his old friend, former bounty hunter Jim Mackay from an ambush. After recovering from his long ride across the desert, Jim asks Chris to help him defend the small Mexican border town of Magdalena, which has come under constant attack by bandit De Toro and his men. Having recently married and assumed his job as marshal, however, Chris is reluctant to assist Jim, despite their long friendship. Later, Chris refuses the request of his wife Arrila to release jailed teenager Shelly Donavan, who is charged with robbery, insisting that Donavan needs to be responsible for his actions. Chris then meets with newspaper writer Noah Forbes who wants to write the story of Chris's eventful and brutal career. The next morning, while loading bitter prisoners Pepe Carral, Walt Drummond and Donavan onto the Tucson prison wagon transport, Chris abruptly decides to let Donavan go free. While Chris meets Noah to discuss his exploits, Donavan joins his friends, brothers Hank and Bob Allen to celebrate his release. Goaded into action by the Allens' observation that their drab lives as farmers remain unchanged, Donavan leads the pair in a bank robbery just as Arrila meets Chris and Noah in the street outside the bank. Wounding Chris, Donavan abducts Arrila and rides away with the Allens. Reviving two days later, Chris immediately goes in search of Arrila, despite his injury, and agrees to let Noah accompany him. In the desert, Noah and Chris find Arrila's dead body, which galvanizes Chris to find Donavan and exact revenge. That night, Chris tracks down the Allens and demands to know Donavan's whereabouts. Confident that Chris, as marshal, must take them back to town for a trial unharmed, Hank reveals that Donavan has fled to Mexico and admits that Arrila was raped and tortured before her murder. Chris shoots Hank, and Bob, pleading for his life, insists that he did not join in the assault. Accusing him of allowing Arrila's attack, Chris then shoots Bob as Noah looks on in shock. Continuing his search for Donavan, Chris rides on toward the Mexican border and finds Jim with a group of armed farmers from Magdalena hiding on a ridge, hoping to ambush De Toro. After Jim reveals that Donavan rode by the previous day, he again asks Chris to support him, but Chris refuses and tells his friend he is badly outnumbered and will be slaughtered. Chris and Noah depart, tracking Donavan through the desert, only to find themselves circling back toward Jim's location. Hearing distant gunfire, the men hurry to the ridge, but find the farmers dead, although Jim is not among them. Chris reflects that the men of Magdalena have likely left their wives unprotected and, assuming Jim will have returned there, rides into Mexico with the uncertain Noah. Arriving in Magdalena, Chris spots three bandits around the mission and after shooting them, enters the church to find the handful of townswomen who have been raped and beaten. Laurie Gunn explains that the seventeen women were defenseless against De Toro and his more than forty men who arrived the previous day declaring the women's husbands had been massacred. Although Laurie and the women plead with Chris to take them away from Magdalena before De Toro's return, he points out there are no horses and a desert trek would kill them. Realizing that the American Cavalry will not cross the border, Chris wonders how to defend the women. Promising to return to help the frantic women, Chris and Noah ride away toward Tucson. Not far from Magdalena, the pair come upon the bodies of Jim, Donavan and the remaining farmers. At Tucson, Chris meets with the governor then travels to the prison where he presents the skeptical warden with a request to pardon the last five prisoners he arrested, all of whom are tough, violent men: Pepe, Walt, Scott Elliott, Mark Skinner and former Confederate captain Andy Hayes. Meeting the men, Chris explains he will sign their pardons only if they agree to join his posse. Although suspicious and hostile, the men grudgingly agree. Loaded with supplies from the prison, the group departs for De Toro's hacienda, which Jim had described earlier. Arriving just outside of the hacienda and confirming that only a few men are posted as guards, Chris tells the men to raid the house and take anything they desire. Although doubtful, the men agree and quickly overcome the guards and loot the home. Finding De Toro's woman there, Chris orders her taken captive and as the men ride off to Magdalena, Chris tells the men that if they try to escape before he signs the pardons, they will be hunted in America and De Toro will hound them through Mexico for destroying his home. Realizing they have no alternative, the men give up their ideas of breaking away in Mexico and continue to Magdalena where Laurie and the grateful women wait. Suspecting they may have only a day to prepare before De Toro tracks them, Chris designs an elaborate plan of attack using the supplies of long-range rifles, dynamite, barbed wire and repeating rifles. The next day with the women's assistance and under former construction worker Elliott's guidance, the group digs several ditches, building several post and barbed wire fences at specific points leading back into the town. Elliott also constructs hidden barriers across mountain trails into the town. The following day, with the women trained in reloading the weapons, the group awaits De Toro's arrival. When the bandits attack, the initial assault with the long-range guns, sends the outlaws into disarray. Chris and the others retreat as planned to the second line of defense, which, protected by Elliott's clever rigged barbed fence, cuts off another large segment of the bandits who are then dynamited. Walt, Hayes and Elliott are killed and Noah wounded as the group retreats into the town behind another rigged barricade. During a brief lull, Chris goes into the mission where De Toro's woman and the town children are being kept, and tells Laurie that as a last resort they will lure the bandits inside and blow up the church. When De Toro's renewed assault comes, Pepe is killed. Hearing the bandits approaching the mission, Laurie prepares to detonate the dynamite, but first sets De Toro's woman free. The woman rushes outside into the gunfight and is accidentally shot down by De Toro himself. Momentarily stunned, De Toro pauses, and Chris kills him. Dismayed by the death of their leader, the remaining bandits ride away. Relieved to have survived, Chris, Noah and Skinner agree to stay in Magdalena and start new lives."] ['The story is set in Kansas during the early 1900s. A teenaged Native American boy  is taken from his family and forced to attend a distant Indian `training` school to assimilate into White society. When he escapes to return to his family, Sam Franklin , a bounty hunter of Cherokee descent, is hired to find and return him to the institution. Franklin, a former Indian scout for the U.S. Army, has renounced his Native heritage and has adopted the White Man’s way of life, believing it’s the only way for Indians to survive. Along the way, a tragic incident spurs Franklin’s longtime nemesis, the famous `Indian Fighter` Sheriff Henry McCoy , to pursue both Franklin and the boy. The film featured both the Kickapoo language and members of the Kickapoo tribe.{{Cite news}}'] ['Sometime in the near future a high-tech, highly realistic adult amusement park called Delos features androids that are almost indistinguishable from human beings. For $1,000 per day, guests may indulge in any fantasy, including killing or having sex with the androids. Delos\' tagline in its advertising promises "Have we got a vacation for you!" The androids are programmed to act in character for each of the park\'s three themed "worlds"&nbsp;— West World , Medieval World , and Roman World . One of the attractions in West World is the Gunslinger , a robot programmed to start duels. Thanks to its programming, humans can always outdraw the Gunslinger and kill it. The guns issued to the guests also have temperature sensors that prevent them from shooting each other or anything else living, but allow them to "kill" the room-temperature androids. Peter Martin , a first-timer, and his friend John Blane , who has visited previously, visit West World. Gradually, the technicians running Delos begin to notice problems spreading like an infection among the androids: the robots in Medieval World begin suffering an inexplicable number of systemic failures, a robot rattlesnake bites Blane, and against its programming, an android refuses a guest\'s sexual advances. The failures increase until the robotic Black Knight kills a guest in a sword fight in Medieval World. The resort\'s supervisors, in increasing desperation, try to regain control by shutting down power to the entire park, but this traps them in the control rooms, unable to turn the power back on while the robots run amok on stored power. Martin and Blane, passed out drunk after a bar-room brawl, wake up in the West World bordello, unaware of the breakdown. When the Gunslinger challenges the two men to a showdown, Blane treats the confrontation as a typical amusement until the robot shoots and kills him. Martin runs for his life as the robot implacably follows him. Martin flees to the other areas of the park, but finds only a panicky fleeing technician, dead guests and damaged robots. He climbs down through a manhole to the underground control area, where the resort\'s technicians have suffocated since the ventilation shut down. As the Gunslinger stalks Martin through the corridors, he throws acid into its face and sets fire to it with a torch. He also finds a woman chained up in the dungeon, but she turns out to be an android. Finally, the burned hulk of the Gunslinger attacks him one last time before succumbing to its damage. The film ends as Martin, apparently the sole human survivor, sits down on the dungeon steps in a state of near-exhaustion and shock, as the irony of Delos\' slogan resonates: "Have we got a vacation for you!"'] ["A group of copper miners, Southern veterans, are terrorized by local rebel-haters, led by deputy Lane Travis. The miners ask stage sharpshooter Johnny Carter to help them, under the impression that he is the legendary Colonel Desmond. It seems they're wrong; but Johnny's show comes to Coppertown and Johnny romances lovely gambler Lisa Roselle, whom the miners believe is at the center of their troubles."] ['William Blake , an accountant from Cleveland, Ohio, rides by train to the frontier company town of Machine to assume a promised job as a bookkeeper in the town\'s Dickinson metal works. During the trip, a Fireman  warns Blake against the enterprise while passengers shoot buffalo from the train windows. Arriving in town, Blake discovers that his position has already been filled, and is driven from the workplace at gunpoint by John Dickinson , the ferocious owner of the company. Jobless and without money or prospects, Blake meets Thel Russell , a former prostitute who sells paper flowers. He lets her take him home. Thel\'s ex-boyfriend Charlie  surprises them in bed and shoots Blake, accidentally killing Thel when she tries to shield Blake with her body. A wounded Blake shoots and kills Charlie with Thel\'s gun before climbing dazedly out the window and fleeing Machine on a stolen pinto. Company-owner Dickinson, the father of Charlie, hires three legendary frontier killers, Cole Wilson , Conway Twill , and Johnny "The Kid" Pickett  to hunt down Blake as the murderer of his son and Thel, although he seems to care most about recovering the stolen horse. Blake awakens to find a large American Indian  attempting to dislodge the bullet from his chest. The Indian, calling himself Nobody, reveals that the bullet is too close to Blake\'s heart to remove, and Blake is effectively walking dead. When he learns Blake\'s full name, Nobody decides Blake is a reincarnationIn an interview Jarmusch states "For Nobody, the journey is a continuing ceremony whose purpose is to deliver Blake back to the spirit-level of the world. To him, Blake\'s spirit has been misplaced and somehow returned to the physical realm." http://www.nytrash.com/deadman/deadjj.html of William Blake, a poet whom he idolizes but of whom accountant Blake himself is ignorant. Nobody resolves to escort Blake to the Pacific Ocean to return him to his proper place in the spirit-world. Blake and Nobody travel west, leaving a trail of dead and encountering wanted posters announcing higher and higher bounties for Blake\'s death or capture. Nobody sends Blake into a camp of psychotic fur trappers, whom he and Blake dispatch. Blake learns of Nobody\'s past, marked both by Native American and White racism, which includes Nobody\'s abduction to Europe as a model savage and subsequent return to America. Nobody leaves Blake alone in the wild when he decides Blake must undergo a vision quest. On his quest, Blake kills two U.S. Marshals, experiences visions of nature spirits, and grieves over the remains of a dead fawn that was killed accidentally by his pursuers. He paints his face with the fawn\'s blood and rejoins Nobody on their journey. Meanwhile, the most ferocious member of the bounty hunter posse, Cole Wilson , has killed his comrades  and continued his hunt alone. At a trading post, a bigoted missionary  identifies Blake and attempts to kill him, resulting in a shootout which Blake and Nobody survive. Shortly after, Blake is shot again and his condition rapidly deteriorates. Nobody takes him by river to a Makah village and convinces the tribe to give him a canoe for Blake\'s ship burial. Blake deliriously trudges through the village before collapsing from his injuries. He awakens in a canoe on a beach, wearing Native American funeral dress. Nobody bids Blake farewell and pushes him out to sea. As he floats away, Blake watches Cole sneak up behind Nobody, but he is too weak to cry out and can only watch as the two shoot and kill each other. As Blake gazes up at the clouds for the last time, he dies and his canoe drifts out to sea.'] ["Will Keough is a rancher with two younger brothers, who are called Hade and Bless. They live with their widowed mother, Hannah, whose husband was bitten by a rattlesnake when Bless was a young boy. Ever since that day, Hannah has been determined to shield Bless from the hard life of the West and turn him instead into a refined, gentler soul. In so doing, she sometimes embarrasses Bless in front of the ranch's other men. Hannah wants to move to the big, sophisticated city of St. Louis and take her youngest son with her. Bless refuses at the last minute, then feels guilty when the months go by and his unhappy mother becomes ill and passes away. Will, meanwhile, builds the ranch into one of the territory's largest. His primary concerns are rustlers and neighbor Audrey, whom he loves and intends to marry, although he has been slow to commit. What he doesn't know is that Audrey has fallen in love with Bless. Before and during a cattle drive to Abilene, more than once Bless is accused of being cowardly. He fails to adequately back up Hade in a bar fight. A fake rattlesnake is placed on Bless while asleep on the trail, terrifying him. Hade is trampled to death by stampeding cattle. Bless then alienates Will by confessing that he and Audrey wish to marry. When a battle with rustlers begins, however, Bless bravely leads the charge against them, whereupon Will tells Aud that he approves of their future together."] ['When a wagon crashes into a ravine, prospector Ben Rumson finds two adult male occupants, brothers, one of whom is dead and the other of whom has a broken arm and leg. As the first man is about to be buried, gold dust is discovered at the grave site. Ben stakes a claim on the land and adopts the surviving brother as his "Pardner" while he recuperates. Pardner is initially innocent and romantic, illustrated by him singing a pining love song about a girl named Elisa , who he later sheepishly confesses exists only in his imagination. Pardner is a farmer who hopes to make enough in the gold rush to buy some land, and is openly suspicious of the drunken and seemingly amoral Ben. Ben claims that while he is willing to fight, steal, and cheat at cards, his system of ethics does not allow him to betray a partner. Ben will share the spoils of prospecting on the condition that Pardner takes care of him in his moments of drunkenness and melancholy. After the discovery of gold, "No Name City" springs up as a tent city with the miners alternating between wild parties  and bouts of melancholy . The men become increasingly frustrated with the lack of female companionship, so the arrival of a Mormon, Jacob Woodling, with two wives is enough to catch the attention of the entire town. The miners claim it is unfair for the Mormon to have two wives when they have none. They persuade him to sell one of his wives to the highest bidder. Elizabeth, Jacob\'s younger and more rebellious wife, agrees to be sold based on the reasoning that whatever she gets, it can\'t be as bad as what she currently has. A drunken Ben winds up with the highest bid for Elizabeth. Ben is readied for the wedding by the other miners , and is married to Elizabeth under "mining law," with Ben being granted exclusive rights to "all her mineral resources." Elizabeth, not content to be passively treated as property, threatens to shoot Ben on their wedding night if she is not treated with respect. While she believes Ben is not the type to truly settle down, this is acceptable if he builds a proper wooden cabin to provide her with some security for when he inevitably leaves. Ben is impressed by Elizabeth\'s determination. He enlists the miners to keep this promise, and Elizabeth rejoices in having a proper home . Sensing the other miners becoming obsessed with her, Ben consumed by jealousy and paranoia. News comes of the pending arrival of "six French tarts" to a neighboring town and a plan is hatched to kidnap the women and bring them to "No Name City" , thus providing the other miners with female companionship. The town will prosper with additional sources of income as other miners from outlying regions will likely be willing to spend their money in No Name City if it means a chance to visit prostitutes. Ben heads up the mission and leaves Elizabeth in the care of Pardner. The two fall in love , whereupon Elizabeth, saying she also still loves Ben, convinces them that "if a Mormon man can have two wives, why can\'t a woman have two husbands?" As the town booms, the arrangement with Ben, Pardner, and Elizabeth works well for a while. But soon the town becomes large enough that more civilized people from the East begin to settle there. A parson begins to make a concerted effort to persuade the people of No Name City to give up their evil ways, warning the townsfolk that they will be swallowed up by God\'s wrath if they do not repent . Meanwhile, a group of new settlers is rescued from the snow, and the strait-laced family is invited to spend the winter with Elizabeth and Pardner, who is assumed to be her only husband. Ben is left to fend for himself in town. In revenge, he introduces one of the family, naive young Horton Fenty, to the pleasures of Rotten Luck Willie\'s saloon and cat house. This leads to Elizabeth dismissing both Ben and Pardner from the log cabin. Pardner takes to gambling in Willie\'s . As the gold begins to play out, Ben and a group of miners discover that gold dust is dropping through the floor boards of many of the saloons. They tunnel under all the businesses to get at the gold . This brings the story to its climax when, during a bull-and-bear fight, the streets collapse into the tunnels dug by Ben and the others and the town is destroyed. A reprise of "The Gospel of No Name City" plays as the town is literally swallowed by the earth. It is time for Ben to move on to the next gold field . Elizabeth and Pardner reconcile and plan to stay. As Ben departs, he comments that never knew Pardner\'s real name, which Pardner then reveals: Sylvester Newel.'] ["It is the middle of World War II and in the deserts of Africa, Sgt. Sullivan puts together a group of Italian-Americans into disguise as Italian soldiers in order to infiltrate a North African camp held by the Italians. After the soldiers have killed the Italians in their beds, they find a hooker living at the camp. Sullivan's commandos are to hold this camp and its weaponry until an American battalion arrives, all the while these Italian-Americans pretend to be Italian soldiers, often hosting the enemy. Cpt. Valli is a young, by-the-book officer who constantly argues with Sgt. Sullivan, who tells his superior that he has no idea what he is doing. One man on the base is an entomologist who is killed and then things get terrible."] ["A man known only as the Virginian  is ranch foreman at Box H Ranch near Medicine Bow, Wyoming. At a saloon in Medicine Bow, he and the cattle rustler Trampas  vie for the attentions of a barmaid; when Trampas insults him, the Virginian pulls a gun and tells him to smile. Soon afterwards, Molly Wood , a new schoolteacher from Vermont, arrives in town. The Virginian and a drifter named Steve  vie for her attentions, but she ultimately chooses the latter. However, as Steve was his childhood friend, the Virginian gives him a job at the ranch. Unhappy with the Virginian's violent nature, Molly tries to change him but is unsuccessful. Meanwhile, Steve and the Virginian enjoy playing pranks together, switching babies during a baptism; they also make quail calls for secret communications. However, Steve falls in with Trampas' gang. Although warned by the Virginian that no good will come of it, Steve continues with the gang. When they  steal cattle from Box H Ranch, the Virginian is forced to hang all involved, including Steve. The Virginian vows revenge on Trampas for forcing him to do so. Disgusted by The Virginian's callousness, Molly leaves him. However, after he is shot in the back by Trampas, she decides to treat him, and they fall further in love; they eventually decide to marry. On their wedding day, Trampas comes back to town for revenge and challenges the Virginian to a shoot-out. The Virginian quickly draws his six-shooter and kills the bandit in the streets. He then marries Molly, and the two prepare to open their own ranch."] ['With no better offers to be had, famous American Civil War upstart officer George Armstrong Custer takes over the Western Cavalry maintaining the peace in the Dakotas. He soon learns that the U.S. treaties are a sham, that Indian lands are being stolen and every excuse for driving them off their hunting grounds is being encouraged. With his wife Elizabeth  Custer goes in and out of favor in Washington, while failing to keep wildcatting miners like his own deserting Sergeant Mulligan  from running off to prospect for gold in Indian country. After trying to humble the prideful Indian warrior Sitting Bull , Custer leads the 7th Cavalry into defeat.'] ['Wyoming ranch hand Vern Haskell is enraged when his fiancee Beth Forbes is abused and murdered during a store robbery. He sets out after the two thieves, first with a posse, then by himself. He finds one of them, Whitey, shot in the back by his partner after a quarrel. Whitey\'s dying words, "Chuck-a-luck", are the only clue to the second man\'s identity. After questioning everyone he meets, Vern finally finds someone who lets slip that someone named Altar Keane is connected with Chuck-a-luck. When the man realizes that Vern is just fishing for information, Vern is forced to kill him in self defense. Vern is taken into custody, then released when the dead man is identified as a wanted outlaw. By a stroke of luck, a deputy knows Altar as a saloon singer from his past, though not her current whereabouts. Later, Vern learns that after she quit working for saloon owner Baldy Gunder, she bet her last $20 on his rigged chuck-a-luck game and won a lot of money after gunslinger Frenchy Fairmont stepped in to help her. In the town of Gunsight, Vern learns that Frenchy is in jail, so he deliberately gets himself arrested. After they break out, Frenchy takes Haskell to the Chuck-a-Luck, a horse ranch near the Mexican border owned by Altar. The ranch is a hideout available to any outlaw who is willing to pay 10% of his ill-gotten gains. Vern finds a bunch of men in residence, but has no idea if the killer is one of them. One of them does, however, eventually recognize him. The newcomer quickly catches Altar\'s eye. One night, Haskell notices Altar is wearing a brooch that he gave to Beth. He sets out to romance Altar to find out who gave it to her. This makes Frenchy very jealous. Vern is forced to go along on a bank robbery, during which one of the others, Kinch, secretly shoots at Vern. When Vern takes Altar her share of the proceeds, she finally informs him that Kinch gave her the jewelry. Vern reveals his true purpose and his disdain for Altar\'s profession. Altar is shamed, and decides to give it all up. However, before she can leave, a gunfight breaks out between Vern and Frenchy on one side and the rest of the outlaws on the other. Altar is killed protecting Frenchy. Kinch also dies, ending Vern\'s quest.'] ['The film revolves around the court-martial of 1st Sgt. Braxton Rutledge , a "Buffalo Soldier" of the 9th U.S. Cavalry. His defense is handled by Lt. Tom Cantrell , Rutledge\'s troop officer. The story is told through a series of flashbacks, expanding the testimony of witnesses as they describe the events following the murder of Rutledge\'s Commanding Officer, Major Dabney, and the rape and murder of Dabney\'s daughter, for which Rutledge is the accused. Circumstantial evidence suggests that the first sergeant raped and murdered the girl and then killed his commanding officer. Worse still, Rutledge deserts after the killings. Ultimately, he is tracked down and arrested by Lt. Cantrell. At one point, Rutledge escapes from captivity during an Indian raid, but later, he voluntarily returns to warn his fellow cavalrymen that they are about to face an ambush, thus saving the troop. He is then brought back in to face the charges and the prejudices of an all-white military court. Eventually he is found not guilty of the rape and murder of the girl when a local white man breaks down under questioning and admits that he raped the girl.'] ['The film is set in 1974, following the death of Argentine President Juan Perón. The characters in this story argue about religion, politics, and human rights.'] ['After Frank Ross ([[John Pickard  is murdered in January 1878 by his hired hand, Tom Chaney , in Fort Smith, Arkansas, Ross\' 14-year-old daughter Mattie  travels to Fort Smith and hires the aging U.S. Marshal Reuben "Rooster" J. Cogburn . Mattie has heard that, despite his vices and missing eye, Cogburn has "true grit". She gives Rooster a down payment to track down Chaney, who has taken up with "Lucky" Ned Pepper , a gang leader whom Rooster once shot in a gunfight. The pair must head into Indian Territory . Mattie buys a horse for this, after collecting money from a horse trader . They are joined by a young Texas Ranger, La Boeuf , who hopes to collect a $1,500 reward for capturing Chaney, much more than Mattie is offering Cogburn. The ranger says Chaney also killed a Texas state senator named Bibbs, and Bibbs\' dog. Mattie dislikes the boastful La Boeuf and refuses his assistance, but the ranger joins forces with Cogburn, who agrees to split the reward with him. The two try to abandon Mattie, but they learn that she is determined to join their posse. After several days, the three plan to spend the night at a cabin which Cogburn had said would be empty. At the cabin, they discover Emmett Quincy  and Moon , two horse thieves waiting for Pepper. Moon\'s leg is badly injured and Cogburn uses the injury as leverage to get information about Pepper from them. To prevent Moon from telling too much, Quincy fatally stabs Moon with a knife, and Cogburn kills Quincy. Before Moon dies, he tells Cogburn that Pepper and his gang are due at the hideout that night; the posse lays a trap. The following morning, Pepper and his men arrive at the hideout. La Boeuf mistakenly fires and a shootout ensues, during which Cogburn and La Boeuf kill two of the gang, but Pepper and the rest escape. Cogburn, La Boeuf and Mattie make their way to McAlester\'s store, where the marshal arranges for the four dead men to be buried. The three continue their pursuit. After a few days, Mattie slips down a steep hill one morning on her way to bathe in a river and finds herself face-to-face with Chaney. She shoots and wounds him, calling out to her partners. Pepper and his gang capture her, and he forces Cogburn and La Boeuf to abandon the girl. Cogburn doubles back and attacks Pepper and his gang. La Boeuf finds Mattie and moves Chaney to an area he thinks is secure. La Boeuf and Mattie move to an outcropping and watch as a mounted Cogburn confronts Ned and his three gang members. Cogburn tells Pepper he has a choice of getting killed or surrendering and being hanged at Judge Isaac Parker\'s convenience. Pepper replies that is "bold talk for a one-eyed fat man." Cogburn shouts "Fill your hand, you son of a bitch!" just as he begins charging the four gunmen firing a rifle in one hand and a pistol in the other and holding the horse\'s reins in his mouth. Rooster shoots down three of the gang and wounds Pepper, but Rooster is trapped under his fallen horse which has been shot by Ned. As Pepper prepares to shoot Rooster, La Boeuf kills Pepper from the outcropping located a great distance away. As La Boeuf and Mattie return to Pepper\'s camp, Chaney comes out from behind a tree and strikes La Boeuf in the head with a rock, immediately knocking him unconscious and causing an ultimately fatal wound. Mattie shoots and wounds Chaney in the arm but, driven back from the recoil, falls into a pit breaking her arm. Cogburn arrives and fatally shoots Chaney, sending him into the pit. As Cogburn descends into the pit on a rope to retrieve Mattie, she is bitten by a rattlesnake, which he shoots and kills. La Boeuf, thought to be dead, peers over the pit and helps them get out by tying the rope to his horse and riding is slowly away from the pit. After Mattie and Cogburn are safely out of the pit, La Boeuf collapses and dies. In a hurry to get help for Mattie\'s snakebite, they have to leave La Boeuf\'s body. They both must ride Mattie’s horse, but the overloaded horse collapses and succumbs before they reach their destination. Undaunted, Cogburn gathers Mattie in his arms and carries her until they encounter some horsemen with a wagon. Cogburn steals the wagon and they ride it the rest of the way to McAlester\'s. There, an Indian doctor treats Mattie\'s snakebite and splints her broken arm. Days later, Mattie\'s attorney, J. Noble Daggett  arrives. Throughout the plot, Mattie has frequently used his name as a legal threat on occasions when she fails to get her way. He pays Cogburn a $75 reward for Chaney\'s capture, plus  an additional $200 for saving her life. Mattie is still ill from the snakebite and Cogburn offers to bet the attorney the $275 that Mattie will make it back to her home, but Daggett declines to bet against her. Weeks later, Mattie, arm in a sling, is recovered and at home. She shows a visiting Cogburn her family burial plot on the land. Cogburn was there to receive all the reward money offered for Chaney in Texas, which was apparently more than the $75 he initially received. She promises that he can be buried next to her family after his death. Cogburn reluctantly accepts, hoping his burial will not be too soon. She offers him her father\'s pistol which he reluctantly accepts, stating that it misfired once. He leaves, jumping over a fence with his new horse to disprove her claim that he was too old and fat. He heads off into the valley below as the film ends.'] ["Because of his drunkenness and questionable use of firearms, aging U.S. Marshal Rooster Cogburn has been stripped of his badge. But he's given a chance to redeem himself after a village in Indian Territory is overrun by a gang of violent, ruthless criminals, who've killed an elderly preacher, Rev. George Goodnight. His spinster daughter, Eula Goodnight, wants to track the criminals down and makes Rooster an unwilling partner. But Rooster must use care, because the criminals, led by Hawk and Breed, have stolen a shipment of nitroglycerine."] ["The film is set in Texas during World War II when most of the able-bodied men of military age are away fighting for the United States. A gang of cattle rustlers, led by Henry Judson and Lefty Lewis, decide to take advantage of the situation by steeling from rancher Dad Mathews and other cattle farmers. Texas Ranger Johnny Revere and his sidekick Frog Millhouse arrive to handel the situation. With some help from Mathews' daughter, Betty, they manage to win in the end."] ["Larry and Lucy Munro own a hidden gold mine. Newspaper editor Matt Keeler wants the mine for himself and has Larry framed for to get it. Frontiersman Kentucky Wade - with Dude Hanford, Mike Morales and Trigger Benton - come to the Munros' aid."] ["Cheyenne Harry stands up to the powerful criminal boss Dave Bland who dominates Paradise Creek Valley. Attempting to save the sanctity of the vast open grazing lands, Harry also finds himself defending the honor of intimidated Molly Grant. After her father is killed and Harry is captured by Bland's thugs, it is Molly who the saves the day in the end by bringing in the US cavalry."] ["In the Alaska wilderness, Boyd Emerson  and Fraser , arrive by dogsled at a village. They are puzzled to receive a chilly welcome from its inhabitants. Frustrated, Boyd gets into a fight with local George Balt , which is broken up by Cherry Malotte . She invites the newcomers to dinner. She explains that they have stumbled into a bitter struggle between two rival fishing groups, hers and Fred Marsh's. Boyd is ready to give up his fruitless search for gold. Cherry reinvigorates him and persuades him to join her side. She sends him, Fraser and Balt to Seattle to get a loan of $200,000 from Cherry's banker friend, Tom Hilliard, to rebuild a cannery. After concluding the deal, Boyd goes to see his socialite fiancée, Mildred Wayland . She is determined to marry him, despite her father's wish that she wed someone with wealth: none other than Fred Marsh. When Marsh provokes him, Boyd carelessly blurts out his plans. Wayne Wayland and Marsh between them see to it that the financing is withdrawn. Notified, Cherry sails for Seattle and dines with Hilliard. It soon becomes plain to the banker that Cherry has fallen in love with Boyd. He explains that the young man already has a girlfriend, and points out the couple dancing elsewhere in the establishment. Cherry then secures the loan by taking up Hilliard's offer to go to his apartment. Boyd assumes, however, that it was due to Mildred's influence with her father. Returning to Alaska with new machinery and Balt's crew, Boyd gets the cannery running in weeks, just in time for the annual salmon run. When Marsh sends his men to wreck their equipment, a brawl breaks out on the water, during which the Waylands arrive on their yacht. Marsh tells Mildred about Cherry, that she is a notorious prostitute known from Sitka to San Francisco. He lies, telling Mildred that Cherry got the loan by spending the night with Hilliard at Boyd's insistence, and that she is more than Boyd's business partner. Mildred ends her engagement, despite Boyd's protests of innocence. Boyd, meanwhile, breaks up with Cherry when she cannot deny how she got the money. Concerned only about Boyd's happiness, Cherry contacts an old friend in her former trade, Queenie. The two board the Wayland yacht, where Cherry proves that Queenie is Marsh's wife. Cherry then convinces Mildred that, while she loves Boyd, nothing happened between them. When Boyd shows up, Mildred is eager to take him back, but by this time, he realizes who he truly loves. He finds Cherry and tells her he cares only about their future together, not her past."] ["Shepard stars as Howard Spence, an aging, hard-living Western movie star, who, disgusted with his life, flees by horse from the set of his latest western filming in the desert outside Moab, Utah. He hits the road looking for refuge in his past, traveling to his hometown of Elko, Nevada and, eventually, to Butte, Montana, looking for a woman  he left behind twenty years before when he was filming a movie there. Spence is doggedly pursued by Mr. Sutter , a humorless representative of the company insuring Spence's latest film, whose mission is to return Spence to the set to finish filming the movie. Also converging on Butte is a young woman named Sky , returning her late mother's ashes to her hometown and conducting a search of her own."] ["Cole Thornton , an infamous gunslinger, is hired by wealthy rancher Bart Jason  to help him in a range war with the McDonald family. While in the town of El Dorado, the local sheriff and an old friend, J.P. Harrah , gives Cole more details that Jason had deliberately left out, including the possibility of having to side against Harrah. Unwilling to do this, Thornton quits, to the relief of saloon owner Maudie , who is in love with Thornton . The McDonalds learn of Thornton's presence in town. Fearing that he might come for them, Kevin McDonald  puts his youngest son, Luke, on guard. When Thornton passes by on his way back from rejecting Jason's offer, Luke , who has fallen asleep, wakes and fires a wild warning shot, whereupon Thornton reflexively shoots him. Luke is still alive when Thornton comes to him, but he refuses treatment based upon the belief that a gut-shot man wouldn't have a chance anyway, and commits suicide when Thornton is not looking. Thornton brings the boy's body to the McDonald ranch and offers an explanation. The only McDonald daughter, Joey , impulsively rides off before Thornton can finish his story and subsequently ambushes him. Her shot is not fatal, but the bullet lodges next to Thornton's spine and in time begins to trouble him by occasionally pressing against the spinal cord, causing temporary paralysis of his right side. The local doctor, Dr. Miller , is unable to remove the bullet, and Thornton soon departs El Dorado for a new job. Half a year later, Thornton runs into another gunslinger for hire named Nelse McLeod  and a young greenhorn nicknamed Mississippi ([[James Caan , who has come for revenge against one of McLeod's men. McLeod has been hired by Jason for the same job Thornton turned down, and Harrah has turned into a drunk after an unhappy love affair. Thornton decides to return to El Dorado, where he, Mississippi, and deputy sheriff Bull  will team up to protect the McDonalds' from Jason's scheming and restore the drunken Harrah to his old self. Thornton and Mississippi travel back to El Dorado. Once there, they get Harrah sober and cleaned up. Bart Jason hires men to harass the McDonalds. So when the men shoot one of the McDonalds, Thornton and his friends chase them in to a church and then into Bart Jason's Saloon. They arrest Bart Jason and take him to the jail. Later that night, Thornton and Mississippi decide to walk the city, keeping the peace. Maude , a friend of Thornton's sends a message that McLeod's men are scaring her and her patrons. When they go there, they are ambushed and Thornton has an attack that leaves him partially paralyzed. McLeod trades Thornton for Bart Jason. Then they kidnap one of the McDonalds and force them to sign over their water rights to Jason. Thornton, Harrah, Mississippi and others come up with a plan to rescue the McDonald son, and neutralize Jason and McLeod. Thorton, still paralyzed, Mississippi, Harrah and Bull travel back into town on wagons. They attack the saloon, kill Jason and McLeod, rescue the kidnapped McDonald, and restore order to El Dorado."] ['Sally  and her little sister are sent to visit their three uncles in the west. Among other baggage they bring their two puppies. Melissa  is in the same stagecoach with husband and new born baby. The uncles find the little girls amusing but tell them that the dogs must stay outside. Meanwhile, a nearby tribe of very very evil looking Indians is having a tribal dance. The puppies, left outside in a basket, run off. Sally, worried about the dogs goes outside and discovers they are gone. She follows their trail and runs into two hungry Indians who have captured them for food. There is a scuffle but her uncles arrive and intervene. Gunfire ensues and one of the Indians is left dead. The other Indian returns to the tribe to inform them and aroused by "savage hatred" they go into a war dance. Meanwhile, a tearful Sally has persuaded a friendly hand to build a secret door in the cabin so she can bring the puppies inside at night. The Indians attack the village and the frightened settlers run off toward the lonely cabin. In the melee the baby is captured by the Indians. The Indians attack the cabin just after a scout rides off to alert the fort. The Indians ride in circles around the cabin, While the settlers try to fight them off. Melissa, in the cabin, is distraught worrying about the fate of her baby. Sally, more worried about her puppies sneaks out her secret door and finds not only them, but the baby in the arms of a dead Indian. In a hectic battle scene, she brings the babies back through the secret door. Just as the settlers are running out of amnunition, the cabin is burning, and the Indians, crawling on their stomachs, are almost in the cabin, the cavalry arrives. The Indians are quickly dispatched, all is well but for Melissa\'s grief over her missing baby. Sally pops out of a chest holding baby and puppies. All is well. The uncle agrees to let Sally keep the puppies inside.'] ['In 1843 roguish gambler Paul Regret  escapes a death penalty after killing in a duel Emil Bouvier , the son of a Louisiana judge. Regret claimed that he would have only wounded Bouvier if he hadn\'t sidestepped. He is captured by Texas Ranger Jake Cutter  after a tryst with a mysterious lady, Pilar Graile . Regret manages to escape, but is subsequently recaptured after a chance encounter with Cutter in a saloon. In the process of returning Regret to Louisiana, Cutter is forced to join forces with the condemned to fight the "Comancheros", a large criminal gang headed by a former Confederate officer that smuggles guns and whiskey to the Comanche Indians to make money and keep the frontier in a state of violence. Cutter stops at a ranch owned by a friend when there is a sudden Comanche atttack. During the attack Regret hops on a horse and flees, but instead of making a clean getaway he soon returns with a unit of Texas Rangers and the attack is repulsed. Eventually they infiltrate the self-sufficient Comanchero community at the bottom of a valley in the desert. Pilar reappears as the daughter of the wheelchair-bound but ruthless leader Graile . After Cutter and the other Texas Rangers defeat both the Comanches and Comancheros, Regret and Pilar leave together for Mexico and Jake rides off into the sunset.'] ['Satirising the American Western genre, Lemonade Joe is a clean-living gunfighter who drinks only Kolaloka lemonade and takes on a town full of whiskey-drinking cowboys. It is a musical comedy parodying the old silent westerns, with color tinting and sped up fight scenes, including the obligatory breaking banister. "What\'s good for Kolaloka is good for the law!" says one of the characters, and by the end of the film both villains and heroes learn to work together for the sake of business &mdash; i.e. the Kolaloka company, whose name is obviously based on Coca Cola. As the film progresses, it becomes clearer that Joe doesn\'t just clean up the town for morality\'s sake, but because he wants whiskey out of the way. One of the subplots involves the arrival of an evangelist in the town, with his daughter. Although the evangelist doesn\'t seem to be working purely for financial motives, he is both contrasted and likened to Joe in his techniques. The film\'s main theme is the continuing controversy of interconnection of big business and government in society. While some would see this as necessary, and good, others think the opposite, hence the film\'s opinions on large scale American marketing campaigns, such as Coca Cola\'s, are embodied in Joe\'s ambiguity as a character... is he an all American hero, or just a shameless shill and coward? Likewise Joe\'s love interests are torn between the dark haired beauty who works in the bawdy-house, and the clean living blonde evangelist\'s daughter. Initially he is more interested in the latter, especially as she is involved in a temperance campaign which would be good for his Kolaloka franchise business.'] ['Monte Walsh  is an aging cowboy facing the final days of the Wild West era. He and his friend Chet Rollins , another long-time cowhand, work at whatever ranch work comes their way, but "nothing they can\'t do from a horse". Their lives are divided between months on the range and the occasional trip into town. Camaraderie and competition with the other cowboys fill their days. They seek work and take a job at the ranch of Cal Brennan ([[Jim Davis , where they meet an old friend, Shorty Austin , another ranch hand. Monte has a long-term relationship with an old flame, prostitute and saloon girl Martine Bernard , who suffers from tuberculosis. Chet, meanwhile, has fallen in love with Mary Eagle , a widow who owns a hardware store. As barbed wire and railways steadily eliminate the need for the cowboy, Monte and his friends are left with fewer and fewer options. New work opportunities are available to them, but the freedom of the open prairie is what they long for. Shorty loses his job and gets involved in rustling and killing, gunning down a local lawman. Then Monte and Chet find that their lives on the range are inexorably redirected. Chet marries Mary and goes to work in the store, telling Monte that their old way of life is simply disappearing. Caught up in the spirit of the moment, Monte asks Martine to marry him, and she accepts. Monte goes on a drinking binge and rides a wild horse through town. A rodeo owner, Colonel Wilson , sees him and offers him a job. Monte considers the high salary, but decides the work is too degrading and refuses. Eventually, they all must say goodbye to the lives they knew, and try to make a new start. When Shorty shoots and kills Chet while trying to rob the store, Monte, distraught after the death of his beloved Martine, goes after him. Shorty arrives and Monte chases him. Shorty shoots Monte, but runs off when the shot only hits his arm. Monte then manages to slip around Shorty and shoots him. As Shorty is dying, Monte tells him that he rode the wild horse.'] ["The story begins in 1885 with the arrival of an important new guest star in Buffalo Bill Cody’s grand illusion, Chief Sitting Bull of Little Big Horn fame. Much to Cody's annoyance, Sitting Bull proves to be not a murdering savage but a genuine embodiment of what the whites believe about their own history out west. He is quietly heroic and morally pure. Sitting Bull also refuses to portray Custer's Last Stand as a cowardly sneak attack. Instead, he asks Cody to act out the massacre of a peaceful Sioux village by marauding bluecoats. An enraged Cody fires him but is forced to relent when star attraction Annie Oakley takes Sitting Bull's side."] ["In the North Woods, Forester Charles Carter  discovers that a moth infection is threatening to devastate the great woods. This threatens the plans of Henry Mitchell , who holds exclusive logging rights for the forest. Mitchell figures that if the moths infest and kill the trees, he can harvest all the dead trees, unencumbered by logging restrictions. When Carter tries to phone in the infestation threat, Mitchell covertly cuts the line, forcing Carter to ride into town to report the problem. Meanwhile along the trail, Gene Autry  and Forester Joe Lucas , who have ben drinking, come across a mountain lion, and Gene fires several shots at the wild animal. Mitchell, who has been following the forester, uses the last shot as cover to shoot Carter in the back, leaving him where Autry will assume Carter was killed by his errant shot. At the inquest, Gene is cleared of any charges, and he is freed. He sells his interest in his forest camp, leaving the money to Carter's daughter, Helen . In grief, he decides to leave the area, but then discovers the moth infestation for himself. Reporting it to the forest service and discovering that his shot could not have killed Carter, he is hired to run a program of aerial spraying of DDT to kill the moth larva before the forest is destroyed. Gene includes his pal, Joe, in the aerial program, but Joe's problems with alcohol, triggered by the death of his wife, lead to trouble. Meanwhile, Mitchell has hatched a plot to stop the DDT spraying by covertly spraying a very potent poison over the local livestock, blaming the resulting sickness and death on the DDT. Joe, who has returned to sobriety with the help of Autry, finds the plane and poison being used by Mitchell, but is shot by one of Mitchell's henchmen, Bill Wright , as he rides to report the problem. Helen finds Joe and, with the help of Dr. Chadwick , brings him back from the brink of death. When Joe recovers consciousness, he reports his findings to Gene. When he learns that Wright has aroused the locals to stop the spraying operation, Gene rides to intercept them before they can destroy the planes. He reports Wright's scheme, and convinces some of the locals to go with him to check it out. Wright has dismantled the plane, and when the locals leave, he captures Gene and Forester Jerry . They soon escape, however, and arrive at the airfield on time for a brawl to save the aircraft. The sheriff shows up, breaks up the fight, and confiscates everyone's weapons. With the help of Helen and Dr. Chadwick, Gene makes Mitchell and Wright believe he is holding the bullet removed from the injured Joe, and that it will be traced to Wright's confiscated rifle. Mitchell, Wright, and Pete ride to confront Autry, with Mitchell dropping off at a shack along the way to ambush Gene, should he get away. Wright confronts Gene, and after more fighting, he gets away. Pete, however, is captured and leads Gene to a trap by telling him he can find Wright at the shack where Mitchell is waiting. Later, Pete tries to cut a deal by confessing the truth. Joe realizes he will never catch up to Gene in time to save him, so he rides to the airfield to try an aerial intercept. Wright forces his way onto the plane at gunpoint to escape justice, but once in the air, Joe points out that if he is shot there is no one to fly the aircraft. Joe flies over Gene to warn him, and when that doesn't work, he selflessly crashes the plane into the shack, killing Wright, Mitchell, and himself. Gene returns to finish the spraying job, with the clear understanding that his future includes a permanent forestry job and married life with Helen."] ["Ben Jones  and Marion 'Howdy' Lewis  are two easygoing, modern-day cowboys who make a meager living breaking wild horses. Their frequent employer is Jim Ed Love , a shrewd businessman who always gets the better of them. After they bring him a string of tamed horses and spend the winter rounding up stray cows, he talks them into taking a nondescript roan horse in lieu of some of their wages. Ben finds  that the horse is unrideable. Rather than turning it into soap or dog food, he comes up with the bright idea of taking it to a rodeo and betting other cowhands they cannot ride it, thereby doubling their earnings. Along the way, the duo stop to help two none-too-bright strippers, Mary  and Sister , with their car, which has broken down. Not knowing much about cars, they give them a ride to the nearest garage, but end up getting to know them better  and taking them along to the rodeo. Everything goes as planned; nobody is able to stay on the horse. Then the animal suddenly collapses and Ben spends all the money they've won for veterinary help—and a new stable to replace the one destroyed by the roan when he recovers. In the end, Ben and Howdy end up right back where they started, with only the roan to show for their efforts."] ["In Bougival Junction, New Mexico in 1880 the Francophone town is led by Marie Sarrazin. A new family arrives, calling themselves the Millers, but in fact they are the daughters of the hanged outlaw Frenchie King and his eldest daughter Louise seeks to keep her father's name alive by donning men's clothing and continuing his criminal ways. Louise and Maria fight but when they are both jailed they team up to take revenge on the town's men.Crawley, Bébé, p. 231"] ['Dance-hall girl Rosie Velez ([[Divine , lost in the desert, is helped to safety by gunman Abel Wood . In the town of Chili Verde, at the saloon of Marguerita Ventura , word of a treasure in gold brings Abel into conflict with outlaw Hard Case Williams ([[Geoffrey Lewis  and his gang.'] ["Set in the 1890s, the story centers around the life of a Sicilian family, the Collogeros, living in California and working in the winemaking business, and their confrontation with a powerful railroad and land baron named William Bradford Berrigan , who is after their lands and the ones that belong to the other families in the area. Berrigan's plan is to get control of the properties in order to build a new railroad. When the conflict escalates, he murders the patriarch of the family, Sebastian Collogero , and in response, his son Marco  claims for justice. With the help of his family and others, he starts an open war against Berrigan."] ["In 1880, Rafe Covington  is with his best friend Charles Rodney  on a vessel bound for San Francisco. However, Rodney picks a fight with the ship's captain , and the captain beats Rodney nearly to death. On his death bed, Rodney asks Covington to take care of his Wyoming Ranch and his wife, Anne . Covington promises, and Rodney dies peacefully. Covington, full of fury, beats up the captain, and then he and his other two best friends, Rock Mullaney  and J.T Langston  head off to Wyoming, where they find the ranch deserted. They immediately start to take care of the ranch. Covington heads off into town to pick up supplies, which is run by Bruce Barkow , who is wooing Anne Rodney, who has received news off her husband's death. Covington makes friends with Joe Gill , an old cowboy who was a friend of Rodney. Covington meets Barkow, but makes enemies with the Taggart brothers (Mike  and Luke  and Snake Corville . Covington meets with Anne, and tells her of what happened, but she refuses to believe him. Covington picks up the supplies, and Gill agrees to help out at the ranch. Covington, Rock, J.T and Gill round up the cattle and get the ranch going again, but this makes Barkow angry. Covington repeatedly tries to convince Anne that he was there when Rodney died and he is here to look after her and the ranch, but again and again she refuses to believe him. One day, Covington, Rock, J.T and Gill go into town for a drink, and Covington buys a new Winchester rifle that was meant for Rodney. However, Mike Taggart challenges Covington to a fight. Taggart shoots at Covington and misses; Covington returns fire and kills Mike. Snake jumps out and tries to shoot Covington, but Covington shoots him to. Covington rides out and Luke Taggart swears vengeance on Covington. Angry at everything that's been going on, Barkow gives Covington, Rock and J.T three days to clear out of the ranch, or he will force them out. He offers Gill to stay, but Gill openly sides with Covington. Barkow hires Bo Dorn ([[Brad Johnson , one of the best gunfighters in the area. The three days run up, and Covington has still not cleared out, and Barkow sends Dorn to the ranch. Dorn takes cover among the trees using a sniper rifle. Anne rides to the ranch, and tells Covington that she believes him, and has had enough of Barkow. Just then, Dorn shoots and kills J.T. Anne rides back into town while Covington, Rock and Gill bury J.T. In town, Barkow forces Anne to marry him, therefore giving him control of the ranch. Barkow takes Anne to a hotel room, and she passes out and he locks her in. Having had enough, Covington, Rock and Gill load up and ride into town. Barkow, Dorn and Barkow's thugs open fire and the battle begins. While Rock, Gill and the gunstore owner fight Barkow and his men, Covington takes on Dorn in a tense shootout. Dorn shoots Covington in the shoulder, but Covington plays dead. Just when Dorn isn't looking, Covington shoots him twice. Covington approaches Dorn, who slowly dies. Covington holsters his weapon. Barkow suddenly appears and shoots Covington again the back. Barkow prepares to finish off Covington, but Anne shoots Barkow as well with Covington's rifle, saving Covington. Meanwhile, Rock, Gill and the gunstore owner kill Barkow's thugs. However, Gill and the gunstore owner are both shot and wounded, but survive along with Rock. With Barkow and his thugs taken care of, Anne nurses Covington back to health and the town returns to a peaceful life. It's implied that Covington and Anne get married."] ["Prospector Juan Valdez is murdered by The Cactus Kid and his gang in an attempt to discover the location of his gold mine. Valdez's dog Rinty witnesses the murder and can also lead the gang to the mine, making him the villain's target throughout the serial. In addition Rinty must help Valdez's daughter Dolores legitimately find and claim the mine while being blamed for the wolf attacking local livestock. The mysterious figure of Ramon is constantly on hand, overhearing pieces of the villain's conversations. He appears to be another bandit but his actions seem to contradict that. It is revealed during the course of the serial that Ramon is in fact Marco Roberto, an agent of the Justice Department."] ['Manion  allows a killer horse to roam free and ruin valuable horses on nearby ranches. His plan is to "shakedown\' the ranchers for protection. Roy  tracks down the bad guys with help from a young lad.'] ["Joe Novak  and his pregnant wife are seeking out a new life in the great midwest when their wagon breaks down. Joe's wife delivers his child on Christmas Day, but in the process she dies in labor."] ["Working as lumberjacks in the Northwest, Billy West ([[George O'Brien  and his pal Laramie  spy two men stealing furs from a trap, but they arrive too late to save the trap owner from being shot. Billy suspects Loup LaTour  and his partner Chick Carson . While Marna Reynolds  dreams of dances and pick chiffon dresses, her father  is being forced to purchase stolen furs from LaTour and Carson, and LaTour is throwing a few lecherous glances toward Marna. Billy, in a card game, catches LaTour cheating and also suggests he suspects him of theft and murder before further violence is stopped by the sheriff. Billy and Laramie are ambushed and Billy is shot in the shoulder, but kills Carson. Laramie takes Billy to the Reynolds trading post, where Marna ministers to his wound. LaTour convinces the sheriff that Billy murdered Carson and the sheriff is led on a dogsled chase by Laramie. LaTour returns to the post with intentions of changing his lecherous glances into lecherous action, and the weakened Billy struggles with LaTour as Marna races toward the log-jammed river."] ['Will Tenneray and Abe Cross are two aging, famous gunfighters, both in need of money. Cross rides into town, having failed as a gold prospector. His reputation is such that everyone expects him to shoot it out with Tenneray, who capitalizes on his legend by working at the saloon to "sucker fools into buying drinks." To the town\'s surprise, Tenneray and Cross take a liking to one another. There is no hostility between them whatsoever. Tenneray is desperate for money, however. He comes up with the idea to stage a duel to the death in a bullfight arena, with the ticket proceeds going to the winner. Unfortunately, by killing Cross, he reasons to Nora, his wife, "I could lose my best friend." The actual gunfight is shot in a low-key and unromanticised fashion, and is over in a couple of seconds. In an extended fantasy sequence near the end, the widow of the defeated gunfighter imagines what might have happened if her husband had won.'] ['At the start of the film the narrator, Danny  introduces the viewer to his friends. We see the children playing while, back at Danny\'s house, a tea party is being prepared for them. As the farmer opens a gate and drives his tractor through the field where the children are playing, Kim jumps up onto the trailer part, pretending the tractor is a train and shooting at it, while her friends are following behind. The tractor makes a turn, and she falls off and is run over, and the camera focuses on the horrified expressions of the other children, followed by close-ups of a large pool of blood on the ground and a broken toy gun. We then see the class teacher back at the children\'s school, removing the name tag from the storage peg for Kim\'s coat. In the next scene, the children are playing in the fields again as their parents prepare to go to the tea party. The boys want to play Football but the game changes to kick the can instead. While hiding from Danny, Tom walks along the top of the fence surrounding the slurry pit, but falls in. As he calls out for his friends, he is shown to slowly sink into the slurry and drown. We see that the children at the village school have been given a day off because of his death, and the class teacher is shown removing the books and toys from Tom\'s desk. Back at Danny\'s house, the table is being set for the children\'s party, and the children are again playing at being cavalry and later "Apaches." When the game finishes, the children wander into an equipment shed, and Danny picks up a bottle of chemicals, suggesting they "celebrate our victories by drinking the white man\'s fire water."  The contents are poured into a mug but the more cautious Michael points out that they don\'t know if this would be dangerous to drink. The children discuss whether or not the contents might be poisonous, and pass the mug around to sniff. They agree to mime-drink it just in case. Sharon takes the mug and accidentally swallows some of the liquid ; she spits it out and seems to be fine, but as the children go home, she is seen coughing and looks unwell. Later that night, Sharon is heard screaming for her mother; the next shot is of her parents clearing out what had been their daughter\'s bedroom, with a close up of the now empty bed. Danny comments that he does not understand why grown-ups drink. His parents pour whiskey from a bottle that looks exactly like the one Sharon drank from, showing how easy it would be for a child to mistake them. Later, the remaining children are again playing in the fields, and one of them narrowly avoids being run over by a tractor like the first victim. They are chasing each other, pretending to be characters from the television series Starsky and Hutch, when Michael accidentally dislodges a heavy iron gate and Robert is crushed beneath it. The camera focuses on the shocked expressions of the other two children as they watch the lifeless body, blood streaming from the ear, as more people arrive for the party. There are now only two children left, and Danny decides to go off on his own and look for more kids to play with him and Michael. He walks through the cemetery where his friends are buried, and meets some farmworkers at the top of the hill going for their break. He asks if he can sit on the tractor, and the driver says yes - but to be careful. In voiceover, Danny as "Geronimo" states that there will always be hope for the Apaches as long as one of them is left alive. He plays behind the wheel pretending to be driving a racing car but accidentally releases the handbrake, and it careers down the slope as the farmer rushes to help him. The exterior of the tractor is shown as the camera focuses on the body of Danny in the tractor . His parents are then shown in his empty bedroom, the mother sits miserably in the room shaken by the events. There are funeral scenes of Danny\'s coffin being buried as the vicar commits him to the ground, before the mourners move on to the wake. Danny, whom we now know to be dead, talks calmly about his family all arriving for the "party" being prepared earlier in the film. Michael, also present, is revealed to be Danny\'s cousin - the only child not to have been killed by his own reckless behaviour, despite Danny having described Michael as "daft". Danny\'s voice fades into a ghostly echo as he sadly says he wishes he could have gone to the party. Closing credits show a long list of real children who had died in actual farm accidents in the year before the film was made.'] ["Devereaux Burke gets a personal request from former President Andrew Jackson to help keep Texas from entering into annexation with Mexico. The movement is gaining favor because it is mistakenly believed that Texas pioneer Sam Houston supports it. The opposition leader is wealthy rancher Thomas Craden, but when Dev is ambushed by Comanche, it is Craden who comes to his rescue. Martha Ronda, who loves Craden and runs the Austin newspaper, does not know Dev is anti-annexation when she and Craden host a number of senators at their home for dinner. When they won't all agree to vote his way, Craden then refuses them permission to leave. Dev gets a signed letter from Sam Houston of his actual position, but the ink smears when he falls into a river, fleeing from Craden's men. He has difficulty persuading Martha, who publishes an incorrect story about Houston's position, but ultimately he wins her over and saves the day."] ['{{Inappropriate tone}} The vastly lower quality of Lawless Frontier , even by poverty row film standards, is evident from the opening scenes which cuts between guys shooting out a cabin window in the darkest night, to cattle rustlers moving cows through brightest day not noticing to the gunshots, to some of the bad guys who seem to hear the gunshots & later begin to return fire. In various moments throughout the film unrelated footages were spliced together from random left-overs off the cutting room floor of several other films, & a story-of-sorts retrospectively imposed on the results. Not until John Tobin  arrives home later that night & discovers his family killed can we guess the people shooting from the window were an innocent family robbed of their cattle, though the way it was edited it looked like the people in the cabin were shooting first, at mere cattlemen. John Wayne  sets out in search Pandro Zanti  the local bandito, for all appearances a stereotyped Mexican, though the script is twice careful to tell us he is half white & half Apache & only pretends to be Mexican. Zanti plans to kidnap George "Gabby" Hayes\'s daughter Ruby ([[Sheila Terry  for his lusty needs. This is an unusual villainous trait for 1930s matinee westerns, aimed at young audiences who expected villains to be claim jumpers & killers, not rapists. Ruby & her daddy  hightail it out of there before she falls victim of the killer, escaping by a clever ruse that almost gets Ruby drowned in a river. They run into Tobin tracking his family\'s killers, & whose stunt double does that standard stunt of horse & rider jumping into a lake, though Tobin\'s afterward perfectly dry. There was a convoluted bit in the middle of the film intended to get Tobin off his white horse & on a brown one, so that the horse-leap scene could be clipped from Riders of Destiny for insertion here. Tobin then saves the sack of Ruby & then they both dry off magically fast. Ruby, Dusty & Tobin thereafter join forces. Sheriff Luke Williams  playing the tough sheriff who not only immediately takes credit for capturing Zanti when Tobin brings him in, but also arrests Tobin for the murder of Ruby\'s father Dusty who took a knife deep in the back & fell down dead. But Dusty will soon after, with wild disregard for probabilities, recover from death, claiming it was only a flesh wound, not even needing a bandaid or his shirt sewn. Sheriff Williams however makes a series of mistakes including handcuffing a bad guy\'s boot to a bed, so that all he has to do is take off his boot to escape, especially when Tobin made of point of telling Williams thatat Zanti can probably get loose. Then there is an oddly filmed chase scene with some seriously unethical editing, across the desert partly on foot, Tobin after Zanti. The plot doesn\'t want Tobin to be portrayed as a killer, so the bad guy just happens on a desert watering hole clearly marked "Poison. Do not drink," drinks it anyway, & drops dead. However the film\'s not yet over, though the chief villain is now out of the picture. We\'re treated to plenty more hard ridin\' & can\'t-hit-anthing shootin\', as Ruby & Tobin flee from Zanti\'s gang. When the happy ending finally arrives, Tobin becomes the new sheriff, replacing the halfwit Williams.'] ['Doc Holliday  and Kate Elder  spend time at the Continental Hotel in Tombstone hoping to find his old friend Wyatt Earp , deputy marshal of Cochise County, Arizona, who is striving to become the town\'s new sheriff in the election campaign. Along the way, Doc meets up with Virgil and Morgan Earp, two of Wyatt\'s brothers, and follows them to Tombstone. Once Wyatt becomes the sheriff, he and his friend face a fierce resistance from the "Cowboys" gathered around the Clanton family, who want to keep control of the town and don\'t accept Earp\'s authority. The Cowboys include Ike Clanton , Tom and Frank McLaury, and Billy Claiborne. Doc teaches The Kid  how to shoot a pistol. When the Civil War ended, he left Atlanta, Georgia and went to Richmond, Virginia and then to Baltimore, Maryland, to be a dentist. After some time he decided to go out to the West, looking for a drier environment to cure his tuberculosis, for which he visits a Chinaman for herbs.  In the end, the showdown at the OK Corral takes place during a fiesta. John Behan , Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday all survive the gunfight. Ike Clanton, Tom and Frank McClaury, and Billy Claiborne do not.'] ["Nick Lanzetta  takes out several members of a rival crime family for his boss Don Corrasco . The enemy clan attempts retribution by kidnapping an associate's daughter, who turns out to be a nymphomaniac. A violent power struggle within the Mafia ensures."] [' In 1939, Lady Sarah Ashley  travels from England to northern Australia to force her philandering husband to sell his faltering cattle station, Faraway Downs. Her husband sends an independent cattle drover , called "Drover", to transport her to Faraway Downs. Lady Sarah\'s husband is murdered shortly before she arrives, and the authorities tell her that the killer is an Aboriginal elder, "King George" . Meanwhile, cattle station manager Neil Fletcher  is trying to gain control of Faraway Downs, so that Lesley \'King\' Carney  will have a complete cattle monopoly, giving him negotiating leverage with an Australian army officer, Captain Dutton . The childless Lady Sarah is captivated by the boy Nullah , who has an Aboriginal mother and a white father. Nullah tells her that he has seen her cattle being driven onto Carney\'s land — in other words, stolen from her. Because of this Fletcher mistreats Nullah and threatens him and his mother, so Lady Sarah fires Fletcher and decides to try to run the cattle station herself. When Nullah and his mother hide from the authorities in a water tower, his mother drowns. Lady Sarah comforts Nullah by singing the song "Over the Rainbow" from the film The Wizard of Oz. Nullah tells her that "King George" is his grandfather, and that like the Wizard, he too is a "magic man". Lady Sarah persuades Drover to take the cattle to Darwin for sale. Drover is friendly with the Aborigines, and therefore shunned by many of the other whites in the territory. It is revealed that he was married to an Aboriginal woman, who died after being refused medical treatment in a hospital because of her race. Lady Sarah also reveals she is barren. Drover leads a team of six other riders, including Lady Sarah, Drover\'s Aboriginal brother-in-law Magarri , Nullah, and the station\'s accountant Kipling Flynn ([[Jack Thompson , to drive the 1,500 cattle to Darwin. They encounter various obstacles along the way, including a fire set by Carney\'s men that scares the cattle, resulting in the death of Flynn when the group tries to stop the cattle from stampeding over a cliff. Lady Sarah and Drover fall in love, and she gains a new appreciation for the Australian territory. The team drive the cattle through the dangerous Never Never desert. Then, when at last delivering the cattle in Darwin, the group has to race them onto the ship before Carney\'s cattle are loaded. Afterwards, Lady Sarah, Nullah, and Drover live together happily at Faraway Downs for two years. Meanwhile, Fletcher kills Carney, marries his daughter Cath Carney, takes over Carney\'s cattle empire, and continues to menace Lady Sarah. It is established that Fletcher was the actual murderer of Lady Sarah\'s husband, and is also Nullah\'s father. Nullah is drawn to perform a walkabout with his grandfather "King George", but is instead taken by the authorities and sent to live on Mission Island (a fictitious island, but inspired by [[Bathurst Island  with the other half-Aboriginal children . Lady Sarah, who has come to regard Nullah as her adopted son, vows to rescue him. Meanwhile, she works as a radio operator in Darwin during the escalation of World War II. When the Japanese attack the island and Darwin in 1942, Lady Sarah fears that Nullah has been killed. Drover, who had quarrelled with Lady Sarah and left, returns to Darwin and hears  that she has been killed in the bombing. Drover learns of Nullah\'s abduction to Mission Island, and goes with Magarri and a young priest to rescue him and the other children. Meanwhile, Lady Sarah is about to evacuate, but when Drover and the children sail back into port at Darwin, and Nullah plays "Over the Rainbow" on his harmonica, Lady Sarah hears the music and the three are reunited. Fletcher, distraught at the ruination of his plans, attempts to shoot Nullah, but is speared by King George and falls dead. Lady Sarah, Drover, and Nullah return to the safety of remote Faraway Downs. There, King George calls for Nullah, who returns to the Outback with his grandfather.'] ['A trio of outlaws&nbsp;— Bill Bowdre ([[Arthur Kennedy  and Jesse Coe , led by Tom Fitch &nbsp;— robs, tortures and brutally kills the white father and Indian mother of young Max Sand. Max  sets out to avenge their death. One of the killers keeps a tobacco pouch containing a bit of deerskin decorated with Indian beads from Sand\'s mother\'s shirt -- the tobacco pouch was made from the breast of Max\'s mother and Max knew this -- and it is one of the clues Max uses in his search. Although Max cannot read or write and is not skilled with a gun, he receives help from strangers. One is a man he tries to rob, Jonas Cord, Sr. , a traveling gunsmith. Cord takes a liking to Max and teaches him how to shoot. Max hunts the killers, who have since separated. With the help of Neesa , a woman from the same tribe as his mother, he tracks down Jesse Coe in an Abilene, Texas saloon, killing him in a knife fight inside a corral. Wounded, Max is taken to the reservation by Neesa, who helps his wounds mend while becoming his lover. After healing, Max leaves Neesa to continue his pursuit of the killers. He pulls a robbery and deliberately gets caught, facilitating being sent to a prison in a Louisiana swamp where Bowdre is now serving time. Pilar , a Cajun girl working in the rice fields near the convicts’ camp, gives Max comfort and finds a water craft to help him escape through the swamps. He takes Bowdre with him and murders him along the way. The boat tips in the swamp, and Pilar dies from a snake bite. Still blinded by revenge, Max goes after Fitch, the last of the murderers. He infiltrates Fitch\'s gang, calling himself Nevada Smith,, as the outlaw is aware that a "Max Sand" is out there somewhere, trying to ambush him. As the gang is pulling a robbery, Fitch realizes that Nevada Smith is really Max Sand. Fitch runs for his life, but Max tracks him down near a creek and begins to torture him slowly, shooting him in the arms and legs. As the outlaw begs to be killed to release him from his physical agony, Max cannot bring himself to do it and rides away.'] ["Ben Cameron  and wife Meg  struggle to build their small ranch in New Mexico desert. Bad guy Nardo Denning  arrives in New Mexico looking for his girlfriend and her husband. At gunpoint, Nardo forces the couple to guide him safely to Mexico with the stolen money. Meg has a past with Nardo which her husband doesn't know."] ['Marshal Mac Bovard, known as the Hangman for his success at seeing guilty men die for their crimes, rounds up three of four outlaws suspected in a robbery that resulted in the murder of his brother. Two are hanged. The third is needed to identify John Butterfield, whose face Mac has never seen. Butterfield\'s former girlfriend, Selah Jennison, works at Fort Kenton doing laundry. She refuses to help Mac, even when he offers a $500 reward. Butterfield had been there for her after the death of her husband, so she remains loyal to him. A freight driver, Johnny Bishop, could be the man Mac is looking for, but kindly sheriff Buck Weston warns him that Bishop\'s one of the most well-liked men in town. Selah comes to warn the married and respectable Bishop, who swears that he merely watched the outlaws\' horses, not knowing they were pulling a holdup. After he persuades Bishop to surrender, Selah mocks him, calling him "hangman" and claiming he\'s not interested in the truth. Mac, though, wants to quit being a lawman and go west to be a lawyer instead. Bishop breaks out of jail, but Mac lets him go. Buck wants to marry Selah, but she\'s beholden now to Mac.'] ["When longtime professional rodeo competitor Jeff McCloud  is injured by a Brahma bull he was trying to ride, he decides to quit. He hitchhikes to his childhood home, a decrepit place now owned by Jeremiah . Run down as it is, it is the dream home for Wes Merritt  and his wife Louise . They are painstakingly saving up the money to buy it from Wes's meager wages as a cowhand. Jeff gets a job at the same ranch. Wes enters a local rodeo behind his wife's back. When he does well, he decides to join the rodeo circuit, with Jeff as his partner and trainer. Louise is wholeheartedly against the idea, but goes along. She makes her husband promise to quit once they have saved enough for the house. As Louise becomes acquainted with rodeo life, she becomes more and more disenchanted. Jeff's friend Booker Davis , once a champion competitor himself, is now a crippled old man with little to show for his efforts. When Buster Burgess  is gored and killed by a bull, leaving a bitter widow , Louise can no longer bear to watch her husband compete. However, Wes is seduced by his great success and the money he is winning. He refuses to quit when they have enough for the house. Matters come to a head when Babs  invites Wes to a party she is throwing, and makes a play for him. Louise fights back by putting on her only good dress and going to the party with Jeff. She pours a drink on her rival's head before leaving. In the hallway, Jeff asks her if she could love another man, but she is true to Wes. Coming on the tail end of the conversation, Wes tells Jeff that he is tired of taking all the risks and giving him half the prize money. Jeff decides to go back to the rodeo, despite not being in shape. He gains back Wes's respect by doing well. Then, in the bronc riding event, his foot gets stuck in the stirrup after a successful ride, and he is fatally injured. Seeing this, Wes comes to his senses and quits."] ['Two black bounty hunters, "Boss Nigger" and Amos , ride into a small Western town in pursuit of fugitive Jed Clayton ([[William Smith . When they discover that the town has no sheriff, "Boss Nigger" takes that position for himself after outsmarting the cowardly white mayor . As sheriff, "Boss Nigger" kills several outlaws who work for Jed. He soon meets two women, Miss Pruit , a white schoolteacher who falls in love with him, and Clara Mae, a black woman  who is saved by "Boss Nigger" early in the film. She is also in love with him. Mayor Griffin soon tries to rape Clara Mae. Mayor Griffin then alerts Jed of the new sheriff, and of the murder of and imprisonment of some of his outlaws. Jed and his outlaws then attempt to help the imprisoned outlaw escape by blowing a hole in the prison wall using dynamite. The plan does not go well. However, Jed and his outlaws tie "Boss Nigger" to a pole, and Jed tells him that he will die a slow, painful death. However, Amos and Clara Mae, who was kidnapped by Jed\'s men, help "Boss Nigger" escape. After he escapes, however, Jed and his men ride into town. Jed tries to rape Clara Mae, but she rejects him, and so he kills her with his revolver. A shootout occurs between Jed and his men and "Boss Nigger" and his allies. Jed and "Boss" have a face off, ending with "Boss Nigger" finally killing Jed. However,as he steps outside, "Boss" is shot twice and severely wounded by Mayor Griffin. "Boss" and Amos leave town after "Boss" kisses Miss Pruit goodbye. As they ride off, the theme song of Boss Nigger plays.'] ["In August 1884, Dan Evans , an impoverished rancher and Civil War veteran, although sitting awake and armed to prevent it, has his barn set ablaze by two men working for Glen Hollander, to whom Evans owes money. The next morning, as Evans and his two sons drive their herd, they stumble upon outlaw Ben Wade  and his gang using Evans' cattle as a road blockade to ambush an armored stagecoach. As he loots the stage, Wade discovers Evans and his two sons watching from the hills. Acknowledging that they pose no threat to him and his gang, Wade takes their horses telling Evans that he will leave them tied up on the road to Bisbee. Wade travels with his gang to the town of Bisbee, Arizona to enjoy a celebratory drink at the local saloon. Meanwhile, the railroad guards find Evans and his sons with Byron McElroy , a Pinkerton agent and lone survivor of the ambush, tied up. Evans reveals Bisbee as Wade's likely destination, where the guards immediately return, joined by Evans and McElroy. While Doc Potter , the local medic/veterinarian, treats McElroy, Evans tries negotiating with Hollander, who reveals his intentions to sell the land to the railroad workers rather than grant water rights to Evans. Enraged at the loss of his livelihood and land, Evans tries confronting Hollander in the nearby saloon, but instead he finds Wade, whom he distracts long enough for the railroad guards to ambush and arrest him. The coach's owner, Grayson Butterfield , enlists McElroy, Potter, Tucker , one of Hollander's guards and Evans, who agrees for a $200 fee to deliver Wade for arrest. From Evans' ranch, McElroy arranges a decoy wagon to distract Wade's gang, now led by Charlie Prince ([[Ben Foster , while the real convoy charts a course for Contention, where Wade will be put on the 3:10&nbsp;P.M. train to Yuma Territorial Prison and sentenced. As the group prepares to ride out, Evans' elder son William  demands to accompany them. Evans flatly refuses his demand. During the journey, Wade kills Tucker during his sleep with a fork stolen from Evans' house, and later McElroy  but is stopped from escaping by the surprise arrival of William, who had followed the group all the way from the ranch. Evans tries to pressure William to return back to the ranch, but William declines. Wade seemingly accepts to have his son with him. While taking a shortcut through a canyon, the group is attacked by Apaches. Evans tries to kill them, but he is badly wounded. Wade saves him, arms himself, and kills the remaining attackers. Following the shootout, Wade escapes to a Chinese laborer construction camp blasting a tunnel through the mountain range, where the foreman captures Wade for having killed his brother. One of his assistants, Zeke , tortures Wade with electric shocks. Evans, William, Potter, and Butterfield appear and after unsuccessful attempts at negotiation, Potter leads an attack on the foremen and his miners, freeing Wade. As they flee on their horses, Potter is shot and killed, while Wade and Evans destroy the tunnel behind them with dynamite. The group arrives in Contention several hours before the train's scheduled arrival and check into the hotel, where they are soon joined by several local marshals hired by Butterfield to protect them. Prince and the gang ambushes and interrogates the survivor of the decoy wagon, learning that Wade is being delivered to Contention and will board a train to Yuma; he then leaves the wagon to burn with the survivor trapped in it. Later Prince meets the mine foreman. Upon seeing Zeke with Wade's gun, Prince kills Zeke, the foreman and his assistant. Upon arriving in Contention and discovering the heavy guard around Wade, Prince offers every townsman a $200 bounty for every guard they kill. The marshals, unwilling to fight against such steep odds, surrender to Prince, who kills them anyway. Butterfield refuses to complete the mission, offering Evans the $200 salary even if Wade goes free. Evans refuses, noting that was the amount the government paid him for the loss of his leg. Instead he asks Butterfield to escort his son back to his ranch and to pay his wife $1,000 and a guarantee of water rights from Hollander in exchange for Evans delivering Wade to the train. After Butterfield agrees, Evans escorts Wade out of the hotel and the two make their way across town, evading continuous gunfire from the townsmen before taking refuge inside a storeroom. Wade, tired of running, nearly strangles Evans; he relents when Evans reveals that the reason he has a wooden leg  is that his real leg was lost when Evans was shot by fellow soldiers while in retreat from battle, a story that would shame his sons, and that delivering Wade to Yuma would serve as an accomplishment his sons would admire. Wade relents and agrees to board the train. The two return to the streets, dodging bullets before barricading themselves in the station to wait for the train , where Wade reveals that he's been to Yuma twice and escaped both times. Wade's gang set up positions around the station as the train approaches. William, observing the events, stampedes a herd of cattle  that provides cover for Evans to push Wade onto the train. As Wade boards, he congratulates Evans. At that moment, Prince steps up and shoots Evans four times, despite Wade's shouted order to stop. Wade steps off the train and catches the gun belt Prince tosses him. After a tense moment of silence, Wade abruptly executes Prince and the rest of his gang. William appears and draws his gun on Wade but finds he can't kill him; instead he turns to his dying father. Wade boards the train politely and surrenders his weapon. Evans eventually dies as Wade leaves in the train. As the train pulls away, he whistles for his horse, who pricks up his ears and canters after the running train into the distance."] ['The sole survivors from a vigilante attack on a wild west town, gambler Stubby Preston, pregnant prostitute Bunny, alcoholics Clem and Bud, who see ghosts, strike out for the next town. On the trail, the four draw the attention of Chaco, a bandit gunman. At first, Chaco is cautiously accepted into the travelling party, but then he poisons the group with hallucinogens and leaves them to die. The survivors then find a mining town, where Bunny goes into labor. After tragedy befalls Bunny, Stubby seeks his revenge against Chaco.'] ["Sheriff Fred ([[Paul Birch  and lawyer Tom  conspire to have dance hall girl Kate  entertain the hired hands of the O'Mara ranch whilst the Sheriff and the lawyer rustle the O'Mara's stock. Tom shoots both the father and teenage O'Mara son to leave no witnesses. Surviving son Clay , a railroad surveyor in Denver, is informed of their deaths and comes back to his home where the identity of the murderers is unknown. Clay is talked out of revenge by the town Reverend  but Clay makes his own enquiries to the sheriff and Tom. When Clay asks the sheriff if he can become his deputy in order to make an investigation, the sheriff at first refuses. Tom advises the sheriff that it would be a good idea with Clay sent on a false trail to arrest notorious gunslinger Whitey Kinkaid  in the town of Diablo. Kinkaid has no connection with the murders, but the corrupt pair plan that Kinkaid will kill the pesky Clay. To everyone's surprise Clay outdraws Kinkaid, arrests him, thwart's Kinkaid's escape attempts and successfully fights off an ambush from three men. Kinkaid is bemused by the unstoppable Clay and watches him go after the real killers for his own amusement."] ['Major Robert Parrish of the 7th Cavalry is considered by some to be his own worst enemy due to his not being a "team player". Formerly one of the youngest Colonels in the Union Army during the War Between the States he is now a company commander under Colonel, formerly General George Custer. His fiancée Kathy, the daughter of Parrish\'s Commanding General, breaks off their engagement thinking him a loser because he has not risen in rank. Parrish gains no friends amongst the civilian community when he chastises them and threatens to "break heads" when they violate Sioux lands. Custer and Parrish\'s exasperated General and once prospective father in law reassigns Parrish and his company to the Bureau of Indian Affairs where once again Parrish\'s integrity damages his career potential when he is outraged at the treatment of the Indians and refuses to carry out the orders of the Indian Agent to shoot his escaping charges. Parrish is court maritaled and visits his former Commanding General now President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant who demotes him to Captain. Parrish does talk the President into coming to the Western frontier to meet up with Chief Sitting Bull to prevent a war. Back in the West, now Captain Parrish meets Kathy who has announced her engagement with Charles Wentworth, a former Major and now a war correspondent. Using some captured Indians, including Sam, a former slave now a Sioux, Parrish meets with Sitting Bull who agrees to meet the President in a secret meeting. Further conflicts with the Sioux leads Custer to lead his Regiment out assigning Parrish to guard supplies. Following the Battle of the Little Bighorn that eliminates Custer, most of his men, and his romantic rival Wentworth, Parrish tries to smooth over things with Sitting Bull and Crazy Horse. As Parrish knows the US Army\'s plan of attack, he leads the Sioux to safety in the North. Parrish has really done it this time and is court martialed again, stripped of his rank and sentenced to death by firing squad for treason.'] ["The film is set in 1861. John Blair  and his partner, Larry Adams  are dismayed when the arrival of telegraph ends the Pony Express. Hoping to utilize their horse-riding skills, they decide to start a stage coach transportation business. They go to Buchanan City and ask local magnate Cal Drake  if he is willing to sell them a stage coach. Instead, Drake offers them a franchise from his own stage coach line - a line out to bustling Crescent City. Upon arriving at Crescent City, Blair and Adams quickly realize that had been bamboozled into paying the line as Crescent City is a ghost town. The only residents are the mayor, Rocky O'Brien , and Dr. William Forsythe . The mayor is thrilled to get not only new residents to double the size of the town, but a stage coach line too. Blair disparages as there are no customers to transport and will have to lose his business so quickly. The mayor says there is a way for Blair to get all the money he owes and more. There will be a contest in the next few days where the fastest team in a race will win a $25,000 government contract to deliver mail to the area. With Blair's luck returning, he also meets a telegraph crew, who he saves from poisoning after drinking from a local water hole. In appreciation, the telegraph crew offers to run the line through Crescent City if Blair will give them laborers to build the telegraph line. Blair is able to get laborers to build the telegraph line and the population of Crescent City begins to skyrocket. Drake, upset that Blair is actually a competing business out of his lie, then decides to hire Blair to drive a gold shipment to Sacramento only to ambush him. If Blair can get the gold to the destination, Drake will take off $1,000 off of the original loan. Blair escapes the ambush and collects the money at gunpoint. Drake nexts hopes to stop Blair at the race. He gets his henchman to throw obstacles in Blair's way and hoping to defeat him by any means necessary. But despite all odds, Blair wins the race and the $25,000 reward."] [" The Broken Spur  is a western film set in west Texas during the early 1860s.Los Angeles Times ' http://articles.latimes.com/1989-11-12/entertainment/ca-1912_1_executive-producerhttp://movie.701panduan.com/movie.php?id4664857Los Angeles Times  http://articles.latimes.com/1990-01-21/entertainment/ca-955_1_rock-star/33The New York Times Movie Review http://community.nytimes.com/rate-review/movies.nytimes.com/movie/439769/Broken-Spur/overviewLos Angeles Times ' http://articles.latimes.com/1990-01-21/entertainment/ca-955_1_rock-star/33 As a child, Steele witnesses the vicious death of his family at the hands of an Indian raiding party. He is nearly killed but is rescued by his sister who sacrifices her life in the process. Growing to manhood, Steel becomes foreman of a large cattle ranch owned by a kindly but tough woman named Berdie '. Steele and the ranch cowboys deliver their herd of longhorn cattle to the stockyards in the town of Eagle Mesa. As he leaves the cattle yard with his friend Rawhide Johnson ', he encounters his girl, Beth Hendricks . Rawhide leaves the two to talk, saying that he is going to the general store in town for supplies.   Sandy meets Rawhide later in the town as a fight abruptly breaks out at the other end of the street. Three snarly looking men have assaulted an old Indian in town with his Grandson, Little Hawk. Sandy sees the altercation but does not want to get involved. However, when he sees Slade ' knock the boy down, it is too much for him. Sandy quick-mounts his horse, gallops down the street and leaps onto the three men. A fight ensues and when Steel is winning, the other two Jenkins ' and Barton ', grab their guns and attempt to shoot the cowboy. Rawhide arrives on the scene and stops them as Steele finishes the fight leaving Slade unconscious on the street. The three bad men have been humiliated and slink away. Sandy and Rawhide now joined by Beth, help the grandfather and young child load their wagon. As the two Indians and their wagon pass down the street, Slade, Jenkins and Barton watch from a hidden recess by one of the buildings. Jenkins aims his pistol at the passing Indians. Slade stops him, cautioning his cohorts to wait until their targets are out of town. As the sun passes behind a cloud, the three gunfighters ride atop a cliff and wait. Soon, they see Little Hawk and his grandfather riding through the canyon below them. Slade smiles, removes his rifle, takes aim and fires. The grandfather slumps forward and the two horses frightened by the sound break into a runaway gallop. Sandy and Rawhide ride along a ridge some distance from the gunfighters. Rawhide hears the rifle shot as Steele spots the runaway team. He spurs his horse down the canyon’s side and gallops toward the speeding buckboard. He leaps from his horse onto wagon bed and makes his way to the reins. Atop the cliff, Slade fires his rifle once again. A bullet strikes the wagon strut causing Sandy to fall forward under the wagon. He quickly grabs the undercarriage, swings himself back up, and stops the runaways. However, it is too late as the Grandfather is dying. Before passing, the old Indian takes the cowboy’s hand along with Little Hawk’s and places one in the other. His request is that Sandy Steel care for the young boy after the grandfather dies. Steele meets the hand of fate when he becomes responsible for Little Hawk, a young Indian boy whose only family, his grandfather, has just been killed by white men. The cowboy realizes that the child has no one to care for him yet the memories of his own family’s death are too close. He gets into a heated discussion with Berdie and Rawhide.  Berdie takes a hard line with Sandy, accusing him of holding on to the pain and being insensitive. Sandy knows that she is right but has a difficult time letting go of his feelings. Unbeknownst to Sandy, Little Hawk overhears the conversation where Steele expresses his dislike for Indians. Little Hawk already hurt by the passing of his grandfather is hurt even more, thinking he is unwanted. He decides to leave the ranch and wakes early the next morning to do so. He finds and old gun and takes it, his Indian pony and runs away. His mission now, is to track, locate and kill the three men that murdered his Grandfather.  Later than morning Beth Hendricks arrives at the ranch to see whether she can help. She discovers that Little Hawk is missing and alerts Sandy and his friend, Rawhide. Together, the two set out to find the young boy before he can get hurt. Sandy and Rawhide manage to find Little Hawk who has already found the gunfighters’ trail and is tracking them. Little Hawk refuses to leave until the killers are found and justice is served. Sandy and Rawhide decide to go forward and try to capture the bad men. They corner Jenkins but not before, he wounds Rawhide. A gunfight ensues at the top of a high cliff where Jenkins accidentally falls to his death. Sandy and Little Hawk bandage Rawhide and proceed on forward. The Indian and Cowboy eventually track the remaining killers. Barton is captured as Slade tries to escape on horseback. Steele follows in pursuit, catches up with him and knocks him from his horse. The two tumble down a tall embankment and furious fight ensues. In the end, Sandy defeats Slade and the two bad guys are taken back to Eagle Mesa where they are tried and hung. In the film’s final scene, Sandy and Rawhide are alone as the sun sets in the western skies. Sandy tells the story of his childhood and apologizes for the things he said that Little Hawk overhears. The little Indian nods in understanding. As Sandy extends his hand, Little Hawk takes it before erupting into a tearful hug. In the end, each has overcome their own prejudice and biases to find their better selves."] ["Juliette Flowers  is on a mission: to find the remains of her outlaw lover, Ransom Pride . In the mix is a dying dwarf , an old man , and Ransom's brother  and father ."] ['In the opening shot, a car pulls up to an historical marker in the desert that reads:  ROCKY MOUNTAIN, also known as Ghost Mountain. On March 26, 1865, a detachment of Confederate cavalry crossed the state line into California under secret orders from Gen. Robert E. Lee to rendezvous at Ghost Mountain with one Cole Smith, with instructions to place the flag atop the mountain, and though their mission failed, the heroism displayed by these gallant men honored the cause for which they fought so valiantly. Eight horsemen trek across the California desert, arriving at Ghost Mountain. Led by Captain Lafe Barstow of the Mississippi Mounted Rifles, the eight encounter a man calling himself California Beal, an envoy from Cole Smith. Barstow&#39;s mission is to persuade Smith and his 500 men to raid California on behalf of the Confederacy as a last desperate effort to turn the tide of the war. From their vantage point on the mountain, the men see a Shoshone war party attack a stagecoach. Barstow&#39;s men charge and drive off the Shoshone after the stage overturns, rescuing driver Gil Craigie and the only surviving passenger, Johanna Carter, traveling to join her fiancé, Union Army officer Lt. Rickey. That night, the Indians burn the stage. Next morning, a detachment of four Union soldiers and three Shoshone scouts examine the ashes. Barstow&#39;s men ambush the detachment, killing one and capturing the rest, including Lt. Rickey. From them, Barstow learns that the Union knows about their presence in California and that California Beal is actually Cole Smith himself. Smith leaves, promising to return in two days with his men. Craigie talks with the Shoshone scouts and learns that they are really a chief, Man Dog, and his sons. He warns Barstow that they will escape and return with their tribe. That night, while Jimmy is on watch, the Indians try to escape. The soldiers kill two of them, but Man Dog evades their bullets. In the morning, Rickey suggests that he take Johanna to a nearby garrison before the Indians arrive. Barstow, however, hopes that Smith&#39;s men will come before the Indians do and rejects the suggestion. Near dawn, Rickey&#39;s men jump their guards. One dies in the attempt, and another recaptured, but Rickey makes his escape. The Southerners find a riderless horse but it turns out to be Smith&#39;s, not Rickey&#39;s, and they realize that help is not coming. Barstow decides to use all his men to lure the Indians away from the mountain while Johanna, Craigie and the Union trooper escape. The greatly outnumbered Rebels ride into a box canyon and turn to fight, charging the Shoshone. During the battle, Rickey returns with a troop of Union cavalry, and Johanna tells Rickey what has happened. The cavalry attempt to save Barstow&#39;s men but are too late; all the Southerners have been killed. Rickey raises their rebel flag on top of Rocky Mountain to salute the bravery of their fallen foes.'] ["In 1873, Arizona Territory, an unnamed loner  wakes up in the desert injured, with no memory and with a strange metal shackle on his wrist. After killing three drifters who try to rob him, he takes their clothes, weapons and a horse. He wanders into the small town of Absolution, where the local preacher, Meacham , treats his wound. After the stranger subdues Percy Dolarhyde , a volatile drunk who has been terrorizing the town, Sheriff Taggart  recognizes the stranger as Jake Lonergan, a wanted outlaw, and attempts to arrest him. Jake beats up the posse sent to take him in and nearly escapes, but a mysterious woman named Ella Swenson  knocks him out. Percy's father, Colonel Woodrow Dolarhyde , a wealthy and ruthless cattleman, arrives with his men and demands that Percy be released. He sees Jake and also demands he be released to him, since Jake was the one who stole Dolarhyde's gold. During the standoff, alien craft begin attacking the town. Percy, the sheriff and many other townsfolk are grabbed by long, whip-like feelers hanging from the bottom of the alien ships and are abducted. Jake's shackle unfolds and becomes a weapon, shooting down one of the ships with a single shot, ending the attack. Dolarhyde, Ella, and other townsfolk form a posse to track an injured alien that escaped from the downed ship. Jake, meanwhile, travels to an abandoned cabin, and in a flashback, recalls returning there with the gold just before he and a woman, Alice , were abducted by the aliens. His memories returning, Jake joins up with the posse. During the night, while they camp in an upside down paddlewheel steamboat, the alien they were tracking kills Meacham, who sacrifices himself to save Emmett , Taggart's grandson. By the next morning, most of the posse has deserted, and the others are attacked by Jake's former gang. Jake, who stole the gang's loot after their last heist, attempts to retake control, but fails. As he and the others flee, the aliens begin attacking again and Ella is captured. Jake jumps aboard the ship and attacks the alien pilot, causing the ship to crash, but Ella is fatally wounded. Quite shortly after the crash, however, the posse is captured by Chiricahua Apache Indians, who blame them for the alien attacks. As Ella's body is dumped on a fire by a Chiricahua warrior, she is fully resurrected. Ella reveals herself to be an alien who traveled to Earth to help resist the invaders after they destroyed her homeworld. The aliens, who have been abducting humans to perform experiments, are also mining gold to power their machines. They are not invulnerable, however: Jake's gauntlet weapon can kill them, as well as stabbing and shooting them, though the creatures are far stronger and more durable than humans and have superior weapons. Ella claims Jake holds the secret to the aliens' whereabouts and says they must stop them before they exterminate all life on the planet. After taking medicine offered by the Apaches, Jake recalls that Alice was euthanized after she was used in an alien experiment, but he escaped, inadvertently stealing the alien weapon in the form of a gauntlet. He could also remember the location of the aliens' base of operations. Armed with this knowledge, the group, now led by Dolarhyde, prepares to attack the aliens' grounded mothership. Jake returns to his old gang and persuades them to join the fight. In a sneak attack, the humans breach the spaceship by destroying the shuttle bay, forcing the aliens into a ground battle. Jake and Ella board the ship and free the captives, but Jake is captured. Dolarhyde rescues him and both men escape the ship after killing the alien responsible for Alice's death. As the remaining aliens are taking off in their damaged craft, Ella sacrifices herself, destroying the ship using Jake's gauntlet. Jake's memory partially returns, and some abducted townsfolk begin to remember their past. Still a wanted man, Jake decides to leave; the sheriff and Dolarhyde say they will claim that he was killed in the invasion. The citizens intend to rebuild the town with the expectation that the newly discovered gold mine will soon bring many new settlers. Jake kindly rejects Dolarhyde's offer to help rebuild the town, and rides away."] ['DG  is a small-town waitress who feels that she does not fit into her Kansas farm life and has visions of a lavender-eyed woman  warning her that a storm is coming. Her visions are realized when the sorceress Azkadellia , tyrannical ruler of the O.Z. , sends her Longcoat soldiers through a "travel storm" to kill DG. DG escapes through the storm into the O.Z. and befriends several of its inhabitants: Glitch , who had half of his brain removed by Azkadellia; Wyatt Cain , a former "Tin Man" law enforcer who was locked in an iron suit for years as punishment for opposing Azkadellia; and Raw , a "viewer" whose people have been enslaved by Azkadellia. DG receives a magical symbol on her palm and learns that her Kansan parents are androids and that her real mother is the lavender-eyed woman of her visions. Visiting the Mystic Man  in Central City and continuing on to the Northern Island, the group learns that Glitch was once the advisor to the Queen of the O.Z. and that DG and Azkadellia are actually sisters and the daughters of the Queen. DG remembers that Azkadellia killed her using dark magic when they were children, but their mother revived her by light magic and gave her secret instructions on how to find the Emerald of the Eclipse, which Azkadellia now seeks. Azkadellia confronts the group with her Longcoats and mobats, capturing DG and Raw. Cain fights the Longcoat captain Zero  and learns that his wife and son, whom he thought Zero had killed, are still alive. Zero shoots Cain, sending him falling into a lake of ice. Glitch rescues and revives Cain, and they journey to Azkadellia\'s castle to rescue DG. Azkadellia interrogates DG, learning that the Emerald of the Eclipse is protected by the "Gray Gale". The Mystic Man is killed by Azkadellia after advising DG to head south. DG is freed by a small dog who is revealed to be a shapeshifter named Tutor , her childhood teacher who is also nicknamed Toto. DG, Glitch, Raw, and Cain head south with Tutor, not knowing that he is marking their path for Azkadellia\'s mobats to follow. Along the way DG rediscovers some of her magical abilities—restoring a withered fruit tree in the fields of the Papay—and Cain discovers his wife\'s grave. More of DG\'s memories return in the lake country of Finaqua: As children she and Azkadellia were very close, but that changed when DG accidentally released the spirit of an ancient, evil witch  from a cave. The sisters\' magic would have protected them if they stayed together linking hands, but DG fled and the witch possessed Azkadellia. DG realizes that all of the tragedies which have befallen the O.Z. are the result of that mistake she made as a child. The party heads farther south in search of DG\'s father Ahamo . Tutor\'s treachery is discovered but he is allowed to stay with the group in his canine form. In the Realm of the Unwanted they are led into a trap: Glitch, Raw, and Cain are captured by Zero, but are freed by resistance fighters led by Cain\'s son Jeb . Zero reveals the scope of Azkadellia\'s plan, which is to use the Emerald of the Eclipse in combination with a machine called the Sun Seeder to lock the O.Z.\'s two suns in place behind the moon during an upcoming eclipse, covering the land in permanent darkness. The Sun Seeder had been designed by Glitch during his time as the Queen\'s advisor, and the removed portion of his brain is being used to control it. Meanwhile, DG meets Ahamo and the two travel by hot air balloon to the hidden mausoleum of the O.Z.\'s royal line. DG learns that the Gray Gale is Dorothy Gale, her "greatest great-grandmother" and "the first slipper" to travel to the O.Z. from Earth. She enters Dorothy\'s tomb, finding herself in a black-and-white representation of her Kansas farm and receiving the Emerald from Dorothy. Azkadellia arrives, capturing both Ahamo and the Emerald and leaving DG trapped in a sarcophagus. DG escapes using magic and is reunited with her friends, and together they infiltrate Azkadellia\'s fortress as she locks the suns in place. DG clasps hands with Azkadellia, freeing her from the witch\'s possession just as her companions reverse the Sun Seeder\'s pulse, destroying the witch. DG and Azkadellia are reunited with their parents as the suns emerge from behind the moon, shedding their light on the O.Z.'] ['Hot-headed Winifred "Freddie" Jones  is a saloon singer in the Old West who catches her boyfriend, gambler Blackie Jobero , flirting with another woman and takes a shot at him with the six-shooter she always carries. Unfortunately, she hits a Judge  instead, so she and her friend Conchita  take it on the lam. When they get to a tiny hole-in-the-wall town, Freddie and Conchita are mistaken for the new schoolmarm and her Indian maid. They meet the local muckety-mucks, including wealthy Charles Hingelman , owner of a valuable gold mine, who starts to romance Freddie. When Blackie shows up while tracking Freddie down, complications ensue.<ref nameavg&sql68289&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis]Perkins, Jeremy Plot summary'] ['Captain Augustus "Gus" McCrae  and Captain Woodrow F. Call , two famous former Texas Rangers, run a livery in the small dusty Texas border town of Lonesome Dove. Gus loves women, but he\'s twice a widower, and Call is somewhat of a workaholic. Working with them are Joshua Deets , a black tracker and scout from their Ranger days, Pea Eye Parker, another former Ranger who works hard but isn\'t very bright, and Bolivar, a retired Mexican bandit who is their cook. Also living with them is Newt Dobbs , a 17-year-old whose mother was a prostitute named Maggie and whose father may be Call.  The story begins in the small Texas town of Lonesome Dove, as Jake Spoon , a former Texas Ranger and comrade of Gus and Call\'s, shows up after an absence of more than ten years. He reveals that he is a man on the run, a fugitive, after having accidentally shot the dentist and mayor of Fort Smith, Arkansas in a bar-room gunfight. The dentist/mayor\'s brother-in-law happens to be the sheriff, July Johnson ([[Chris Cooper . Reunited with Gus and Call, Jake\'s glowing description of Montana inspires Call to gather a herd of cattle and drive them there, attracted by the notion of settling pristine country. Gus is less enthusiastic, pointing out that they are getting old and that they are Rangers and traders, not cowboys. But he changes his mind when he realises Lonesome Dove has little left to offer him by way of excitement, now that much of the land has been \'civilized\'. At the continued insistence of the dentist\'s widow, Sheriff Johnson sets off in pursuit of Spoon, accompanied by his young step-son, who travels at Elmira\'s  insistence. Ogallala, Nebraska also happens to be the destination of the pregnant Elmira - and with her new husband gone, she runs away upriver to meet up with her true love, Dee Boot. En route upstream, she soon falls in with a rough gang of buffalo hunters. Meanwhile, the men make preparations for their adventure north, including stealing 2,500 horses and cattle from across the Rio Grande in Mexico, befriending two Irish immigrants, and being joined by nearly all of the male citizens of Lonesome Dove. Before leaving, Gus returns for his livery yard sign and to farewell his pigs, who end up following him anyway. Jake decides not to travel with the herd, mainly because he promises to take the town\'s only prostitute, Lorie , to San Francisco via Denver. Some time later the group survive a huge dust-storm, but one of the Irish is bitten by water moccasins while crossing the Nueces River.  The young Irishman soon succumbs to his numerous snakebites, dies, and is buried. While travelling through a forest in east Texas, Roscoe, Sheriff Johnson\'s deputy, is joined by a young girl fleeing from an old abusive "owner". As they travel together they are in the process of being robbed, when luckily Sheriff Johnson happens to catch up with them. Meanwhile, Johnson\'s wife Elmira arrives by boat at Bent\'s Fort, Colorado, and sets off overland across the Kansas Plains with two hunters she has befriended. Meanwhile, the camp\'s cook refuses to continue, and Gus and Call head into San Antonio in search of a new cook. On the way back they catch up with Lorie, who Jake has abandoned in order to go gambling in Austin. Before he returns, Gus and Lorie encounter Blue Duck, a notorious bandit with a deep grudge against Gus and Call. Blue Duck knocks Newt unconscious, kidnaps Lorie, and attempts to sell/barter her to a gang of Comanchero bandits camped near a place called Llano Estacado. Knowing that Gus is in pursuit, Blue Duck asks the Comanchero bandit gang to kill Gus when he arrives - the reward of doing so being Lorie. Gus and the bandits engage in a brief gun battle that quickly turns into a stalemate. Gus, having killed his horse, is pinned down by the bandits\' gunfire until nightfall, when Sheriff Johnson\'s party arrives and scares them off. Sheriff Johnson, despite Gus\' protests, agrees to help Gus rescue Lorie, and they ride to a hilltop above the bandit camp to kill the Comancheros. While Gus and Johnson are away, Blue Duck slips in and knifes the remainder of Sheriff Johnson\'s party , steals their horses, and escapes. After a brief one-sided gunfight, Gus and Lorie, now reunited, ride north to rejoin Call and the herd, leaving Sheriff Johnson alone to bury his dead companions. Lorie, clearly traumatized by her capture, assault and ordeal, now regards Gus as her primary protector. Meanwhile, in a saloon in Fort Worth, and oblivious of Lorie\'s ordeal, Jake Spoon falls in with a gang of rough-riders.  As they ride through the bush, Spoon and the robbers come across a group of horse wranglers. They shoot most of the wranglers and steal the horses. They then travel to a sodbuster\'s farm, two of whom the leader kills, hangs, and burns for no apparent reason. Although Spoon disagrees, the gang leader bullies Spoon into submission. When one of the dying wranglers is rescued by the cowboys, Call leads a posse to search for the thieves. Gus and Call quickly capture the robbers and prepare to hang them. With his last words, Jake Spoon admits that it is better to be hanged by his friends than by strangers. By chance, Elmira and the buffalo hunters arrive at the home of Gus\' old sweetheart, Clara, near the Platte River in Nebraska. Elmira gives birth to a son, but abandons the child with Clara and goes to Ogallala in search of Dee Boot. She finds Dee Boot in jail, where he is shortly hanged for a murder. Two weeks later, Sheriff Johnson also meets Clara, his son, and Elmira. That night, Elmira secretly departs east for St. Louis with the buffalo hunters, but they are soon killed by the Sioux. Sheriff Johnson returns to Clara\'s house and is offered a job. Clara, having lost three sons of her own is quite fond of Johnson\'s newborn son, and names him Martin. Gus and Call\'s cattle drive also arrives at Ogallala, where they relax and enjoy the town. Some US soldiers attempt to commandeer the group\'s horses, and beat Newt when he resists, making Call enter a murderous rage. In the aftermath, Newt learns that Call is his father. Clara, although happy to see Gus, and with her husband gravely ill, makes it clear that she will not marry Gus. Instead, she invites Gus to settle and ranch on a piece of nearby property. Further, she invites Lorie to remain with Clara and her daughters, and Gus promises he will return one day to them. Continuing their journey, Gus and Call lead their cattle drive north through the badlands of Wyoming and into Montana Territory. Impoverished Indians soon steal a dozen of their horses for food. Gus, Call, and Deets ride after the horse thieves to retrieve the horses. Call frightens the Indians with a gunshot, and Deets takes pity on a blind Indian child and goes to assist him. Another Indian mistakes his intentions and impales him with a spear. Deets is mortally wounded and dies in Gus\'s and Call\'s arms a few moments later.  Deets is buried, then the party continues on across the Powder River, Montana Territory. Meanwhile, Clara\'s husband finally dies and is buried as well. Leaving the main group to scout ahead with Pea Eye Parker, Gus decides to chase some buffalo, but is chased by mounted Indians and is badly wounded in his right leg. While trying to get help, an exhausted Pea Eye is guided by the ghost of Deets, whereas Gus is found by a stranger and taken 40 miles away to Miles City, Montana. There a doctor amputates Gus\' right leg. Gus knows that his left leg is septic and he is likely to die, but refuses to let the doctor remove it. Gus tells Call  to give his money to Lorie, to bury him in Texas, and to admit that Call is Newt\'s father. Call stores Gus\' body in the town over the winter. He then leads the cattle drive to a wilderness lake where the party raises a cabin and a corral. Call honors Gus\' wish to be returned to Texas. Just before departing, he gives Newt a pocket-watch that belonged to his own father and states that Newt will run the ranch in his absence. The moment is filled with anticipation, but he is incapable of actually calling Newt his son out loud. Call soon returns to Ogallala. Sheriff Johnson, Clara, Lorie, and the ranch hand Dish live happily together. Dish is enamored with Lorie, but she does not return his affections. When Call brings Gus\' body, she stays and mourns by the coffin all night long. Clara asks Call to bury Gus at her home, but Call declines. Clara then berates Call for the bad effect he and Gus had on each other, blaming their adventures as the reason neither of them could find happiness. After a long journey, Call arrives at Santa Rosa, New Mexico Territory, the town where Blue Duck has finally been captured. Call visits Blue Duck in jail, where Blue Duck mocks Call\'s failure to capture him. While being led to the gallows, Blue Duck grabs a deputy and throws himself out a window, choosing a murder-suicide rather than allow himself to be hanged. Despite blizzards, a broken wagon, and the loss of the coffin, Call finally succeeds in burying Gus after a journey of some three thousand miles. Call weeps for his friend after burying him, the first display of emotion he has allowed himself since Deets\' death. After the burial, Call tours Lonesome Dove and discovers that the saloon owner who once employed Lorie was so heartbroken by her departure that he burned down the saloon and killed himself. As Call walks out of town, a reporter recognizes him and tries to interview him about his remarkable feats. Call ignores the reporter\'s questions, aside from ironically agreeing with him that he was a man of vision, then walks away as the sun sets on Lonesome Dove.'] ["The Cowboy Way follows two championship rodeo stars and lifelong best friends, Pepper Lewis  and Sonny Gilstrap  as they travel from New Mexico to New York in search of their missing friend, Nacho Salazar, who came to the city to pay for his daughter's trip to the U.S. from Cuba. When they discover that he's been murdered, the pair set out to find the killer."] ['Fort Bravo is a Union prison camp run by a strict Captain Roper . A pretty woman named Carla Forester  shows up to help free the prisoners, especially Confederate Captain John Marsh . Roper falls in love with her , so he has an additional motive to recapture the escapees. He does just that, but on the way back to the fort, they are attacked by fierce Mescalero Indians who are hostile to both sides and trapped in a shallow exposed depression. Roper frees and arms his prisoners, but even then, it looks like the Indians will wipe them out. One by one, they are killed. The next morning, to try to save Carla, Roper makes it look like he is the only one left alive and walks out in plain view. He is wounded, but the cavalry comes to the rescue just in time.'] ["Bobby Hattaway , an honored soldier, returns home after the American Civil War to find his father's  formerly prosperous store now dangerously in debt to the town's ruthless leader, and Bobby's childhood friend, Stu Croker . Bobby will now face off against his former friend to take control from Stu."] ["Betty Dallas is a passenger on a stagecoach that is held up by an outlaw named, The Solitaire Kid . Ranger Jim Lockhart, , who is Betty's sweetheart, is in pursuit of The Solitaire Kid, and in the end, as the two men face one another, there is a mortal shoot-out."] ["Retired gunslinger and former Confederate soldier Steve Sinclair ([[Robert Taylor  is living as a rancher in a small western community. He collaborates with the main landowner Dennis Deneen , from whom he rents the ranch, to preserve communal stability. His quiet life is disrupted by the appearance of his emotionally unstable younger brother Tony  and Tony's beautiful girlfriend Joan . An old rival of Steve's, gunman Larry Venables , also arrives on the scene looking for Steve. Tony confronts Venables and kills him in a shootout. His success goes to his head and he gets drunk, ignoring Joan. A new problem arises with the arrival of Clay Ellison , a farmer who plans to fence off a strip of land currently grazed by cattle. Tony attempts to drive off Ellison, but Steve intervenes. Ellison appeals to Deneen, who agrees to defend Ellison's legal rights to the land. However Tony murders Ellison when he attempts to buy provisions in town. Deneen breaks his ties with the Sinclairs. Steve intends to leave the ranch, but Tony tries to take over. Steve drives him off, but Tony confronts Deneen and attempts to kill him. Both are wounded in the gunfight. Deneen's men recruit Steve to find Tony, who has fled into the hills. When Steve finds him, Tony shoots himself. Steve tells the wounded Deneen, who persuades him to stay on at the ranch with Joan."] ['Ten years after the Civil War has ended, the Governor of Texas asks Leander McNelly  to recommission a company of Rangers to help uphold the law along the Mexican border. Aside from a few seasoned veterans, the recruits are young men who have little or no experience with guns or policing crime. The antagonist of the story is John King Fisher  who is stealing cattle from Texas cattle barons like Richard Dukes and Victor Logan and driving them into Mexico, where he sells them to the Mexican army. After McNelly and his men pursue Fisher for a while, they fall into a trap, where many of the young and ill-trained Rangers are killed. Defeated and low on morale, the men fall back to a ranch house and attempt to set up an ambush for Fisher. After being double crossed by a woman , the rangers remain one step behind Fisher and his men. Two of the Rangers follow Fisher and his men to the Mexican border, where they wait for the rest of their company. Once the entire Ranger force arrives, they plan their final attack. In a final gun-slinging showdown, the Rangers face off against Fisher and his men that will tip the state of the border country in the direction of either chaos or justice.'] ['The Vigilante, a masked government agent, is assigned to investigate the case of the "100 Tears of Blood", a cursed string of rare blood red pearls sought by a gang led by the unknown X-1 that may have been smuggled into the country. Greg Sanders , in his civilian guise as an actor, is filming a western on George Pierce\'s ranch. Pierce is a wealthy rancher and nightclub owner. When the Prince Hamil arrives to the ranch, he gives a horse each to Saunders, Pierce, Captain Reilly, Tex Collier and Betty Winslow. But an outlaw gang soon attacks, attempting to steal all five horses. It turns out that each horse has twenty of the pearls hidden in their shoes  in secret compartments. Edging closer, Sanders learns that a prince\'s servant stole the diamonds from his master and smuggled them in on the horses with the intention of passing them on to X-1.'] ['{{Plot}} The movie portrays the story of a space ranger named Dogen , who is in search of an intergalactic criminal with supernatural powers named Jared-Syn . He has tracked this individual to a desert planet called Lemuria. The planet\'s human population lives in scattered mining towns, gathering valuable crystals which seem to be the basis for their technology and economy. Syn has posed as the leader of a strange group of nomadic humanoids called the "One Eyes" – so named because they symbolically gouge out one of their eyes – who are descendants of a vanished culture called the Cyclopians. The territorial nomads have begun a holy war to drive the human miners from their lands. Syn has instigated this crusade, but Dogen knows that Syn\'s plan is really to enslave them all and seeks to stop him at all cost. Syn equips his nomads with strange red crystals that drain the life out of touched victims. Dogen searches Lemuria\'s wastelands for Syn\'s camp, traveling in an armored vehicle which looks like a road-warrioresque SUV. The movie begins with Dogen coming under attack by a "skybike", , piloted by a nomad. Dogen manages to shoot down the bike and finds one of Syn\'s crystals on the pilot\'s body. Carved into the crystal is a symbol of a dead tree. Dogen next finds a murdered prospector, whose young daughter Dhyana  witnessed his death at the hands of Baal , Jared Syn\'s half-cyborg son. Baal sprayed the man with a strange green liquid that sent him into a nightmarish dream-state, in which Syn appeared and executed him with a crystal. Dogen convinces Dhyana that it\'s his mission to find Syn and she joins him on his quest. Dhyana takes Dogen to a man named Zax  who tests the crystal and identifies it as a lifeforce storage device. Dhyana recalls a tale of the ancient Cyclopians who once used such devices and says the only power against it is a magic mask located in their lost city. Zax confirms the tale and tells Dogen to find a prospector named Rhodes who lives in the nearby mining town of Zhor. Dogen and Dhyana head to Zhor, but along the way they are attacked by a group of vehicles driven by the nomads and commanded by Baal. Dogen is forced to stop at a road block where Baal sprays him with the green liquid and he becomes paralyzed. Dhyana manages to drive the nomads off and cares for Dogen who slips into the dream world and finds Syn and Baal looming over him. Syn tries to pull Dogen away from Dhyana, but their will is too strong to break. Dogen awakes from the dream but Dhyana is suddenly teleported away and finds herself before Syn in his lair. In her place, a summoned monster appears before Dogen and fires electric bolts at him. Dogen uses water to defeat the creature which shorts out and vanishes. Dogen then arrives in Zhor and finds Rhodes , a washed-up soldier, drinking in a bar. Rhodes denies the lost city\'s existence and refuses to get involved. Dogen leaves but comes across a group of miners beating up a captured nomad soldier. When Dogen runs to help him the miners turn hostile and a shootout ensues. Dogen is out-gunned until Rhodes helps him and defeats the miners. Rhodes reluctantly agrees to help Dogen and the two head out driving deep into Cyclopian territory where they come to the lost city. There, Dogen locates an ominous statue of a seated being with a single eye and finds the crystal mask just as the legend foretold. The two are then attacked by snake-like creatures but manage to get away until they are accosted by a group of nomad warriors. Their intimidating leader, Hurok , grabs the mask from Dogen and accuses them of trespassing on their sacred land – a crime punishable by death. Rhodes points out that the nomad law states that a warrior can fight for his freedom so Dogen is put into a dueling pit with Hurok. Dogen fights Hurok, but manages to defeat him and honorably spares his life. Hurok accepts Dogen as a friend and lets him go free. Meanwhile, Dhyana is still being held in Syn\'s lair. Syn takes her before a massive crystal and forces her touch it. It begins to glow and emits a sounds like the suffering of hundreds of beings. Syn tells her that the crystal gets its power from the souls he captures including that of her father. Dhyana is disgusted and says her warrior will come for her. Elsewhere, Dogen and Rhodes conduct a drive-by shooting on Baal\'s encampment and a chase ensues. Dogen makes good their escape and stops to rest at a lake. There, Dogen looks over the mask. Placing it over his face, he finds himself in the dream world with a burning tree. In his hand he finds an axe and hacks into the tree. The tree moans like the crystal in Syn\'s camp and trickles a stream of blood. Dogen pulls the mask off his face finding himself back with Rhodes but suddenly, the two are attacked again by Baal. Baal rushes up extending his robotic arm to spray Dogen, but Rhodes pushes him out of the way. Rhodes is knocked out and Dogen struggles with Baal managing to rip the robotic limb from his shoulder. Baal cries out in agony and runs away. Dogen follows the trail of green fluid that is leaking from Baal\'s severed limb which leads him to Syn\'s camp. He sees the nomads gathered around Syn and makes his way through the crowd. Hurok is also present and steps forward to meet his friend. Syn announces to his people that the warrior is here to stop them from their goals, but Dogen states that he has only come for Syn. Syn orders Hurok to kill Dogen, but Hurok refuses and demands that Dogen be allowed to speak. Dogen turns to the crowd telling the nomads that Syn is a liar and that he wants their land so they can serve him as slaves. The crowd begins to protest with anger, but Syn shouts that they are all too late. He activates the crystal and summons forth a blast of energy which stuns the crowd. Syn fires a more blasts at Dogen but he deflects it with the mask. Baal grabs the mask and it shatters on the ground. Hurok then grabs Baal and stabs him in the chest with a knife. Syn shouts in despair as his son dies then suddenly he disappears, teleporting away. The sound of a skybike alerts Dogen as he sees Syn fly off. He jumps on another bike to pursue. Dogen chases Syn over the mountains and into the desert, but Syn casts another spell that opens an energy portal and he gets away. Dogen returns to the nomad camp finding Dhyana safe with Hurok. Dogen says Syn has escaped where Hurok states that he may return in another place and time. Dogen swears that wherever he goes, he\'ll be waiting for him. Dogen then fires his pistol and destroys Syn\'s soul crystal. Dogen and Dhyana leave the camp and walk down a road on foot but they soon encounter Rhodes in Dogen\'s truck who picks them up and takes them into town.'] ['A young couple, Molly and David Beaton, and their neighbours celebrate Christmas in 1874 on the Dakota prairie. Despite tragedy and an ongoing battle with the Railway company, Christmas is a homespun and overly sentimental affair.'] ["In 1883, US Cavalry lieutenant Matthew Hazard, newly graduated from West Point, is assigned to isolated Fort Delivery on the Mexican border of Arizona, where he meets commanding officer Teddy Mainwarring's wife Kitty, whom he later rescues from an Indian attack. Soon after a new commander, Major General Alexander Quait, takes charge. When his efforts to capture Chiricahua chief War Eagle fail, he orders Hazard into Mexico to cajole the man into surrendering. Hazard convinces War Eagle to return with him with the promise the Indians will be provided a safe haven at a reservation in Arizona. En route to the fort, they encounter Major Miller, who orders the Indians be sent to Florida. Hazard and Quaint journey to Washington, D.C. to request government officials to reverse their decision and allow Hazard to keep his word to War Eagle."] ["During the Civil War, Kip Davis , Charlie Burns , and Lee Price , are run out of town by the guerilla raider and Union Army leader Luke Cottrell, who burns down their ranch. Though Kip's fiancee, Deb  begs them to stay in the small Texas town of Edenton, the three ranch owners vow vengeance on the Cottrell and decide to head south to find him. When they get to Brownsville, Texas, Lee decides to join the Confederate Army, while Kip and Charlie attempt to rebuild Three Bell ranch. Before they do, however, they take on offer from an attractive local lounge singer, Rouge de Lisle , to transport a box of furniture for fifty dollars. It turns out, however, that the box is instead filled with an illegal shipment of firearms and Kip is subsequently arrested. Before he is punished, however, he is freed and is picked up by Rouge, who offers him a job gun-running for the Confederacy. He accepts the offer, hoping to get enough money smuggling to rebuild the ranch. The trio then hires a group of gunmen, one of which is Slim Hansen, who used to work for Cottrell, and heads to Matamoros, Mexico to pick up a shipment of guns for the Confederacy. As they attempt to cross the border, they run into Cottrell and his gang. In the ensuing gunfight, Kip and Charlie are saved by a company of Confederate soldiers led by Lee, one of which is Lee. The three return to Edenton, where Kip's fiancee again attempts to convince him to stay. Kip is determined, however, to get enough money to restart his farm and instead continues to smuggle guns. When Brownsville is finally captured by rebel soldiers, the three must decide what the next course of action is. Lee continues to fight with the Confederate army, Kip wants to restore Three Bell ranch, and Charlie, more interested in the money, opts to continue smuggling guns. When Deborah refuses to leave her duties as a nurse to join him at the ranch, Kip decides to go with Charlie and return to smuggling. This pleases Rouge, who has fallen in love with Kip. As they near the border, they get word that Cottrell has threatened to kill Charlie and Kip if they return to Matamoros. At Slim's suggestion, they decide to steal the shipment of guns before it even reaches Mexico. The men dress up as Union soldiers in order to steal the guns, but then run into Confederate soldiers who confuse them for the enemy and open fire. Lee, who suspects that Kip and Charlie are behind the attack, breaks off all connections with his two former friends. When Cottrell kills one of Kip's men, Kip resolves that he must kill him. Before he can, however, Slim warns Cottrell, who ambushes Kip. Kip avoids the ambush, but Cottrell is killed by Slim before he is able to tell Kip about Slim's treachery. When Kip returns to Edenton, he finds out that his fiancee has fallen for Lee. Realizing that he has lost both of his closest friends and his fiancee, he leaves with Rouge to Matamoros. After the war is over, Lee joins the Texas Rangers. While serving in Brownsville, he is threatened by his former friend, Charlie. Hoping to resolve the situation, Deb goes to Matamoros to ask Kip for help. With the help of Rouge, Deb convinces Kip to go to Brownsville. Kip gets there just in time to stop the fight, but Charlie is shot by the treacherous Slim. With Charlie dying in his arms, Kip promises Charlie that he will rebuild the Three Bell ranch."] ["Abraham Lincoln himself comes to New Mexico to discuss living together in peace with Acoma, a feared and respective Indian chief. He presents the chief with a cane as a gift and symbol of their friendship. Lt. Hunt is promoted due to his personal assistance to Lincoln in arranging the truce. Unhappily, a bigoted superior officer, Col. McComb, and the dastardly Judge Wilcox are opposed to any such treaty, and when Hunt states his objection, McComb has him placed under arrest alongside Acoma and a number of Indian braves, also breaking the cane. Other members of the tribe break them out of jail, killing McComb and others in the process. Hunt takes command and cancels all travel in the region, angering a woman named Cherry who is planning a trip to Nevada. She arrogantly elects to leave anyway, as does Judge Wilcox, so a company of men led by Hunt goes along as escorts. Indians attack, frightening the woman and burying the judge in the sand. Hunt is disgusted with Cherry's selfish attitude and tells her so. She comes to know one of Acoma's sons, and when another uprising has fatal consequence for Indian warriors as well as Hunt, she and Acoma's son are lucky to have their lives spared."] ['After the death of his outlaw brother, Jesse , Frank James  seeks revenge on his killers, Bob and Charlie Ford .'] ['Four Boston street urchins adopt a young infant that they discovered in a wagon when they made their escape from the police. They named the baby girl Mary Rose. As they grow up together, the five eventually settle in Blue Belle, Montana. In Blue Belle, Mary Rose and her four brothers  have a free-range cattle farm by the name of Rose Hill near a lake. There, Mary Rose grows up and longs to find her real family, as well as learn about her true identity.'] ['The story, set in the American Old West, is a first-person account by a wisecracking gambler Bret Maverick , of his misadventures on the way to a major five-card draw poker tournament. Besides wanting to win the poker championship for the money, he also wants to prove, once and for all, that he is "the best". However, complications keep getting in the way. Maverick rides into the fictional town of Crystal River intending to collect money owed to him, as he is $3,000 short of the poker tournament entry fee of $25,000. His efforts to make up this $3,000 provide some plot motivation, as well as diversions caused by, and in the company of, three people he encounters at Crystal River: an antagonist named Angel , a young con-artist calling herself Mrs Annabelle Bransford , and legendary lawman Marshal Zane Cooper (James Garner, who played Bret Maverick in the [[Maverick . The first two are also rival poker players. Maverick, Bransford and Cooper share a stagecoach , agree to help a wagon train of migrant evangelist settlers who have been waylaid by ruffians  and are headed-off by a troop of Indians led by Joseph ([[Graham Greene . Unknown to his companions, Joseph and Maverick are good friends, and Maverick allows himself to be "captured." Joseph is another one of his unreliable debtors, and in and around his tribal grounds they collaborate on a scheme to swindle a Russian Grand Duke. During this time, Angel has received a mysterious telegram ordering him to not allow Maverick to reach the poker game, and has also learned that Maverick had conned him in Crystal River. Angel catches up with Maverick after he has left Joseph\'s tribe, beats him up and attempts to hang him. Despite being tied to both a tree and to his horse, Maverick escapes and reaches the poker game, which is taking place on a paddle steamer. Bransford and Angel have also reached the game, and Cooper has been engaged to oversee its security. Learning that Bransford is still short several thousand dollars of the entry fee, Maverick finds the Grand Duke on board and cons him out of the needed amount so she can get in the game. After the others are eliminated, the four finalists are Maverick, Bransford, Angel, and Commodore Duvall , the boat\'s owner and the tournament organizer. Maverick almost fails to reach the final table by the 5:00 AM deadline, having had his stateroom door chained shut  after a short tryst with Bransford. The game proceeds, with Bransford the first eliminated, and shortly thereafter a "fixed" hand is dealt to the three remaining players. The Commodore is given four 8s and Angel is given a low straight flush, whilst Maverick has the 10, jack, queen and king of spades. The Commodore and Angel each bet "all in". Maverick observes the dealer bottom-dealing to the others, protests the conduct of the hand, and eventually accepts one card dealt by Angel and calls without checking the card. It turns out to be the ace of spades, giving Maverick an unbeatable royal flush and the championship. An enraged Angel draws his gun, but he and his stooges in the audience are gunned down by Cooper and Maverick. Three plot twists follow Maverick\'s win. First, Cooper steals the $500,000 prize money instead of presenting it to Maverick. Second, it is revealed that the Commodore and Cooper were secretly in cahoots on the theft and that Angel had actually been working for the Commodore. Third, the Commodore betrays Cooper, but before he can shoot him, Maverick ambushes the two around a campfire and steals back the money, leaving them a single gun to settle their affairs. The gun turns out to be unloaded, and Cooper beats up the Commodore, then sets out to take revenge on Maverick. Later, Maverick is relaxing in a bath-house when Cooper finds him, and drops the facade to reveal  that he is in fact Maverick\'s father. The real conspiracy was in fact between the two of them. However, Bransford enters the bath-house and robs Cooper and Maverick . After she escapes, Bret reveals she only got away with half of the money, as Maverick had hidden the rest in his boots. Maverick and his father smile as he comments that it will be a lot of fun getting the rest of the money back from her.'] ["Colonel Jonas is a fanatical and unrepentant Confederate who led a regiment called the Hellbenders in the recently ended War Between the States. Similar to Edmund O'Brien's character in Rio Conchos, he is determined to reorganise the Southern Army and defeat the Union. With his sons Ben, greedy Nat, and rapist Jeff, he massacres Union soldiers transporting a consignment of banknotes and conceals the loot in a coffin supposedly belonging to a deceased Confederate officer, Captain Ambrose who was killed in the Battle of Nashville. A drunken prostitute, Kitty, pretends to be the officer's widow. When Kitty is killed attempting a double-cross, Ben persuades Claire, a combination saloon hostess and professional gambler, to take Kitty's place - they fall in love. They consummate their love during a gunfight between Jonas and a local bounty hunter. The cool Claire proves her worth when feigning grief to a sheriff's posse who stop the wagon and wish to search the coffin suspecting the party may have been responsible for the theft and massacre. The party has another close shave when they stop in a town where the local minister who knew the late Captain Ambrose forces the party to stay for a memorial service where the town can pay their respects. Later the party is attacked by Mexican bandidos but is rescued by the US Cavalry who capture several of the Bandidos. Heeding Claire's wishes, the soldiers escort the wagon to the fort where Captain Ambrose was a former commander. Claire, resentful of Jonas' fanaticism, arranges for the coffin to be buried in 'her' husband's fort. Jonas orders his sons to sneak back into the Union fort, dig up the coffin, and return the money to the buckboard; in the meantime, he whips Claire and makes her stay outside of the cave where the group takes shelter in the storm, leading Claire to become deathly ill from pneumonia. The group moves on - but their horses are killed what appears to be a mad beggar but is a thief who wishes to rob them. They later fall afoul of Indians who were thought to be 'friendly' and would be agreeable to selling horses to the Hellbenders. The chief demands that Jeff  be handed over to him. Ben denounces his family's fanaticism and offers the Indians all the money in the coffin, only to be caught in the crossfire between his arguing brothers, who shoot each other over the money; satisfied, the Indians ride away. The mortally wounded Jonas discovers that he has dug up the wrong coffin that contains the remains of the Chief Bandido who promised Jonas they would meeta gain. Jones crawls away like a real hellbender dragging the coffin which falls into the river, as the flag of the fictional Hellbenders regiment floats down the river to the Jonas ranch."] ["A couple of bandits, Cat and Hutch, have robbed his bank, so the bank's president takes a chance. He saves condemned outlaw Cacopoulous from hanging and hires him to go catch the thieves and get his money back. The scheme backfires because the bank president is one of the men who caused him to be sentenced to prison in the first place, so Cacopoulos shoots him dead. He searches for the missing money, finds it, then loses it gambling. He also hunts for Drake, another of the men who sent him to jail. Cat and Hutch turn up and form a partnership with Cacopoulos, agreeing to work together to get the money back and then split it three ways. They end up gambling for it in a casino, after which Cacopoulos finally has his showdown with Drake."] ['En route to California to prospect for gold, Hooker , Fiske , and Luke Daly  stop over in a tiny Mexican village. The three men and Vicente Madariaga  are hired by a desperate Leah Fuller  to rescue her husband John , who is trapped in a gold mine in hostile Indian territory. During the harrowing journey, the party\'s already frayed nerves are aggravated when the men become attracted to the woman. The group then arrives at the mine site — called the "Garden of Evil" because the Indians regard it as the domain of evil spirits. They find an injured, but living John Fuller. As they leave, they are pursued by Apaches. Eventually, only Hooker, Fiske and Leah are left alive. At a narrow point in the road, the two men draw cards to see who will stay behind to hold off the Indians while the other two ride to safety. Fiske "wins" and succeeds in killing or driving off the enemy. After seeing that Leah is safe, Hooker returns to talk with a dying Fiske, who urges him to settle down with Leah.'] ['The film opens with the Teale family moving west on a wagon into Indian Territory. They reach their home, and plan to go on the cattle business. The father, Jacob, rides out to get the cattle, promising to return in a month. However, he is killed along the way when his horse falls over on himself, and he bleeds internally to death. Meanwhile, a Stagecoach passes by the Teale farm; Evie Teale agrees to work for the Stagecoach by feeding customers who come by. One of the men on the Stagecoach warns Evie of a man named Conn Conagher, who he says is a fierce gunfighter. One day, Conagher does stop by for food, along with his partner Mahler. The Teale farm later comes under attack by Indians. The Stagecoach arrives by again in the middle of the gunfight, and the drivers and the passengers defend the farm. The Indians retreat in the morning. Conagher, meanwhile, drifts out in the wilderness. He and Mahler meet an old rancher, Seaborn Tay, who hires both of them for work. Conagher proves to be a hardworking cowhand, but the ranch comes under threat by the Ladder Five gang, led by Smoke Parnell, who swear to kill Conagher. Mahler deserts the ranch after an argument with Conagher and joins the Ladder Five. Conagher saves the ranch and Tay\'s cattle twice from the Ladder Five, both in a series of quick gun battles. He also visits the Teale farm regularly, and he and Evie grow fond of each other and he becomes a father figure to Evie\'s children. One day, when Conagher is out herding Tay\'s cattle, he is ambushed and shot by the Ladder Five gang. The wounded Conagher hides out during the day, and but at night returns and holds the Ladder Five, including Parnell, at gunpoint. Weak from his wound, Conagher eventually collapses and passes out, but not before he demands the Ladder Five to clear out of the land. Parnell knows now that he can finish off Conagher, as his gang swore to do, but instead orders his men to heal Conagher back to health. The next day, the Ladder Five gang clear\'s out of the land Conagher wakes up in the morning, and heads into town, where he finds a drunken Mahler in the saloon. The two argue again, and Conagher challenges Mahler to a fist fight. Mahler easily starts to beat up Conagher; Conagher finally gains the upper hands and beats Mahler into submission. Evie arrives at that moment where she tells Conagher, "it\'s time for you to come home now." Conagher agrees and rides back with Evie to start a new life with her. The film features Elliott’s friend Buck Taylor, formerly the gunsmith-turned-deputy on CBS’s long-running Gunsmoke, as Tile Coker, a rider for the Ladder Five Ranch. Pepe Serna, a native of Corpus Christi, played Casuse, another Ladder Five rider. Rugged James Gammon plays Smoke Parnell, the owner of the Ladder Five, who is suspected of rustling. Buck Taylor’s father, character actor Dub Taylor , plays the station agent.'] ["While surveying a telegraph line in 1861, Western Union engineer Edward Creighton  is severely injured in an accident. He is discovered by Vance Shaw , an outlaw on the run from a posse. Forced to travel on foot after his horse was hurt, Shaw at first considers stealing Creighton's horse, but changes his mind and takes the man with him, saving his life. Sometime later, following his recovery, Creighton returns to Omaha, Nebraska and plans the construction of a telegraph line from Omaha to Salt Lake City, Utah. Facing considerable opposition to the line from Confederate soldiers, Indians, and outlaws, Creighton elicits the help of his sister Sue , foreman Pat Grogan , and assistant Homer Kettle . Looking to put his outlaw past behind him, Shaw arrives at Creighton's Western Union office looking for honest work and is hired as a scout by Grogan who is unaware of his past. Creighton recognizes him among the men and allows him to stay despite his suspicions. Creighton also hires tenderfoot Richard Blake , a Harvard-educated engineer as a favor to Blake's father. Shaw and Blake are both attracted to Sue and vie for her attention, but their romantic rivalry is cut short when construction of the telegraph line starts on July 4, 1861. After work commences on the line, one of the men is killed apparently by a mysterious band of cattle-rustling Indians. Unconvinced that Indians are to blame, Shaw rides out to investigate and follows the rustlers' trail to the camp of Jack Slade, a former friend and cohort, whose gang committed the killing disguised as Indians—the gang Shaw left following his last bank robbery. Slade reveals that they are working for the Confederacy to disrupt Western Union because they believe the telegraph service will help the Union. Shaw rides away and returns to the line. Not wanting to turn in his former friends, Shaw tells Creighton that a large band of Dakota Indians stole the cattle, and recommends that they simply replace the herd and not risk a fight with the Indians. Sometime later, a confrontation takes place between men working on the forward line and a band of drunken Indians. When one of the Indians tries to steal some equipment, a nervous Blake shoots him, ignoring Shaw's order to remain calm. After word arrives that the main camp is under attack by other Indians, the Western Union men rush back to help with the defense. At the main camp, Slade's men, who are again disguised as Indians, steal the Western Union horses. The company discover the ruse when one of the wounded Indians turns out to be a white man. Forced to buy back their stolen horses from Slade, Creighton becomes suspicious of Shaw's involvement, especially when he admits to knowing the gang. Soon the U.S. Army arrives and announces the Indians have now refused to allow the telegraph lines to go through their territory in response to Blake's shooting of the drunken Indian. Creighton, Shaw, and Blake ride out to convince Chief Spotted Horse to allow them to build the line through Indian territory, even though the man Blake wounded was Spotted Horse's son. Creighton is finally able to persuade the Indians to allow them passage, and work continues until the company approaches Salt Lake City. Sometime later, Shaw receives word that Jack Slade wants to meet with him. On the way to see Slade, Shaw is captured and bound by Slade's men. Slade says his group is going to burn down the Western Union camp and they don't want Shaw to interfere. After Slade and his men ride off, Shaw escapes from his ropes but arrives back too late to prevent the fire. He helps rescue some of the Western Union men from the flames and burns his hands in the process. After the fire, Creighton confronts Shaw for an explanation, but Shaw does not reveal what he knows and is fired by Creighton. As Shaw leaves the camp, he tells Blake that Slade is actually Shaw's brother and that he, Shaw, will find Slade's gang and stop them from interfering with the telegraph project. Shaw rides off and finds Slade and his men in a nearby town. At the barber shop, Shaw confronts his brother, whose gun is concealed under the barber's sheet. Slade shoots Shaw through the sheet. Shaw fights back in spite of his wound, killing some of the gang members, and then dies. Blake arrives and continues the fight with Slade who dies from his wounds. Soon after, the Western Union line is completed and the workers celebrate. When Sue laments the absence of Shaw, Creighton tells her that Shaw can hear them."] ['A preacher  from the East arrives in Montana to spread the gospel. When his wife  takes off with another man, he straps on his pistol and seeks vengeance. Then he must find a way to redeem himself.'] ['In the final days of the Old West, a former desperado faces down a now drunken ex-sheriff, who was his long time nemesis.'] ["On the trail, Ben Kane, a former Dodge City lawman, comes across Billy Young, who has no horse and was abandoned by partner Jesse Boone soon after the killing of a Mexican general. Kane lets young Billy accompany him to a town in New Mexico where he has a job waiting for him as deputy sheriff. Kane's real aim is to find the man who murdered his son. In town, Kane learns from dance-hall girl Lily Beloit that two men who run the town, John Behan and Frank Boone, secretly intend to gun down Kane first chance they get. Frank Boone may be the one Kane is looking for, but Jesse, who is Frank's son, lands in jail first, accused of shooting Doc Cushman. Kane and Lily become lovers. Billy, meanwhile, springs Jesse from jail, but feels guilty once Lily reveals to him what happened to Kane's son. After he deals with Behan and the older Boone, the deputy turns in his badge, but recommends Billy for the job."] ["Margie Brooks is the owner of the Brooks International Rodeo but cannot get bookings because the show is time-worn and dated. Frank Madden’s rodeo is all the rage and Madden wants to combine the Brooks and Madden shows. To that end, he proposes marriage to Margie. Roy Rogers is hired for the Brooks Rodeo with one performance date in Albuquerque scheduled. The outfit packs up and heads to its destination but is sabotaged by Madden‘s henchman. At home, Margie learns of the disaster, and, disheartened, agrees to marry Madden. Roy suspects Madden was involved in the sabotage of Margie’s show. He waylays Madden’s henchman and forces the truth from him. At Margie’s wedding, he presents the man's confession. Madden is sent to prison, and his show sold to a rodeo promoter. Margie then agrees to combine the shows and the rodeo is a hit at the State Fair."] ["In Timbuktu, experienced guide Joe January  reluctantly joins a Saharan treasure hunting expedition led by Paul Bonnard , a man obsessed with confirming his dead father's claim to have found a lost city. Dita , a woman of dubious reputation, becomes infatuated with Paul and his willingness to overlook her past. She invites herself along, despite Joe's protests. During the tough dry ordeal, Joe and Dita become attracted to each other, raising tensions. Just as they run out of water, they stumble upon the ancient city and a well. There, they find three human skeletons, a woman and two men. It becomes evident that Paul's father found his woman in the arms of his guide, killed them and then himself. There is also no treasure to be found. Paul's faith in his father is shattered and he becomes drunk. They find the treasure after Joe deciphers the clues left by Paul's father. They load it and prepare to leave in the morning. Paul makes an attempt to seduce Dita; she rejects him and he gets into a fight with Joe. Later, Paul sneaks away during the night taking all the animals, supplies, and treasure with him and leaving the other two to die. Joe and Dita chase after him on foot and eventually catch up. The two men fight and Paul is knocked out. While Joe and Dita dig for desperately needed water, Paul regains consciousness and thinks they are digging his grave. He buries the treasure and attacks Joe from behind with a knife. Dita is forced to shoot and kill Paul. When they spot a caravan, Joe and Dita are saved."] ["Unlike other Alamo films that concentrate on Davy Crockett and Jim Bowie, the main protagonists are Almaron  and Susanna Dickinson  and their daughter Angelina . The film gives a fictionalised fast moving account of the restriction on American emigration to Texas, the arrest of Stephen F. Austin by Santa Anna , Sam Houston  appointed General to build the army of Texas, and Dickinson's participation in both the Battle of Gonzales and the Battle of the Alamo."] ["During a bank robbery in the American west, the partner of Scottish outlaw Arch Deans is killed and his young Indian half breed friend Billy Two Hats is captured. While Billy is being tranported, Deans gets the drop on Sheriff Henry Gifford at a remote trading post, enabling Billy to escape. As they flee, the sheriff's friend, the trading post owner, named Copeland, takes down his old long-range buffalo rifle and fires a shot that kills Deans' horse, breaking his leg. Billy builds a travois on which Deans can ride, dragged behind Billy's horse. Billy and Deans encounter Spencer and his wife, Esther, at their remote homestead. Deans persuades Spencer to take him in his wagon to get horses on the condition that Billy stay with Esther to protect her and the homestead from marauding Indians. Billy is also to keep a look out for the pursuing Gifford. Billy and Esther spend their time together talking and develop romantic feelings for each other. Esther, a young mail-order bride from the East, is unhappy with her older abusive husband. She falls in love with the young good looking Billy. Gifford finds the two in bed together, assumes Billy raped the woman, becomes enraged, and beats him. Esther attempts the explain but can't because she stutters uncontrollable when distressed. Deans and Spencer encounter trouble on the trail, four drunken Indians demand whiskey from them, ambush their wagon in a canyon, killing the horse and besiege them. Spenser is killed. Gifford, Esther and Billy then set out after Deans. They find Deans near death. With Esther's help Billy kills Gifford. Deans dies of his wounds."] ['Set in the year 1909, Jacob "Big Jake" McCandles  is an aging rancher and near-legendary gunfighter estranged from his family. He wanders the west with his trusty Rough Collie, simply named Dog. The family\'s ranch is raided by a ruthless gang of outlaws led by John Fain . They kidnap Jacob\'s grandson Little Jake , for ransom, murdering ranch hands and seriously wounding Jacob\'s eldest son, Jeff . Martha McCandles  summons Jacob. Jacob and his wife have been separated for nearly 10 years. Jacob arrives by train and he and Martha discuss a plan to take the ransom to the kidnappers and for Jacob to return with the boy. Jacob warns that "Pay or not, we run the risk of never seeing the boy again". Martha has what is well known as a million dollars in a big red strongbox that Jacob is to deliver to the kidnappers. Martha has anticipated Jacob\'s needs for the job and Jacob is ready to go. When Michael brings word that he has seen the kidnappers in the Chilicothe Canyon, Texas Ranger Capt. Buck Duggan offers the services of his Texas Rangers, equipped with three REO touring cars. Martha chooses to go for it in spite of Jake\'s reluctance to try it. Both Michael and James go with the Rangers. Jake rides out on horseback with Sam Sharpnose  and Dog and head toward the border. The Rangers intend to ambush the kidnappers in the canyon but instead Fain\'s gang ambushes the Rangers. During the shoot-out, in which several Rangers are killed, James is wounded and all the early autos are immobilized. Jake arrives on horseback, shares his water with the Rangers, and threatens to kill Buck if his grandson gets killed. Jake takes Michael and James with him. That night, Fain rides into their camp to meet with Jake. However, Jake identifies himself as an employee of the McCandles Family while Fain pretends not to be the leader of the kidnappers but rather "just a messenger boy". Fain tells Jake that he will send "the boy\'s body back in a basket" if anything should go wrong. They cross into Mexico the next day and check into a hotel. Jake sets a trap for some men who were planning on stealing the strongbox. During the attack, the lock is blasted open revealing newspaper clippings instead of money. Michael becomes angry that he killed a man for newspaper clippings. Michael and James accuse Jake of stealing the ransom money and the three slug it out, but Jake assures them that it was both his and Martha\'s idea. James fears for Little Jake\'s life, but Jacob tells them they\'ll have to go in anyway. Pop Dawson arrives, gives them the details of the exchange, and leads them to the gang\'s hideout. Once there, James and Sam are kept outside, while Jake and Dog are led in. Michael sneaks in to take care of a sniper that will have a gun trained on the boy in case of a double-cross. Jake and Dog are led in to where Fain and four other gang members are waiting. Fain emphasizes that his little brother Will has a shotgun pointed toward the boy and he\'ll "blow that kid\'s head right off" if things go wrong and that there is a man who keeps his sniper rifle trained on Little Jake. Jake tosses the key of the chest to Fain, who eagerly opens up the chest only to find the newspaper clippings. In a fit of rage, Fain throws his lamp into the chest and orders "Kill the boy!" Jake opens fire with his shotgun, and kills Will and orders Dog to get Little Jake. Dog is shot by the sniper after saving Little Jake. Jake is shot in the leg by the sniper right after Dog, then Michael uses his sniper rifle and kills the kidnapper sniper. Jake regroups with Little Jake and Dog, who is wounded but still alive. After Little Jake tends to Jake\'s leg wound, Jake hands over his derringer, "Betsy," to Little Jake, ordering him to run out and find his uncle James. Little Jake had never fired a gun before, but he takes the gun and runs. A kidnapper named Trooper tries to sneak up on Jake. Sam opens fire on Trooper and kills him. While Sam is reloading, Fain returns fire and wounds Sam. John Goodfellow then finishes off Sam with a machete. Meanwhile, James takes on the other gang members. James is wounded in his left arm during a shoot-out where he kills two kidnappers. Breed is hiding on a wall and gets the drop on James and challenges him to draw. James shoots him off the wall. Fain shoots Jake in the left arm and Jake retreats from the shoot-out. The machete-wielding thug John Goodfellow searches for Little Jake who is hiding behind a post and casting a shadow that reveals his hiding place. Just as Little Jake is about to be killed, the badly-wounded Dog jumps in the way and attacks Goodfellow; Goodfellow manages to fight off Dog and hacks him to death with his machete . Jake starts to shoot Goodfellow; out of ammunition, he throws his gun at Goodfellow and then uses a pitchfork to kill him. Jake grabs Little Jake and they run. Fain rides up and prepares to finish off the two of them. Just as Fain is about to shoot, Michael shoots Fain in the chest, blasting him off his horse. Before he dies, Fain asks, "Who are you?" Jake answers, "Jacob McCandles." Fain says, "I thought you was dead," and then dies. "Not hardly," Jake replies. At the end, Sam, Dog, and all of the kidnappers are dead and James and Jake are wounded. With Little Jake rescued, the family heads home.'] ["Cowboy Bob Blake receives a letter from his friend Joe Jackson, asking for help. Blake and his men travel to Jackson's ranch, only to discover from Jackson's sister Betty that Joe has been missing for three weeks. Meanwhile Jackson's ranch hand  is learning to use ventriloquism to make the farm animals talk, and tries to convince the gullible Dusty to buy a talking mule. Blake discovers that Jackson is being held by a local land grabbing rancher, Buck Thorne, who  has discovered gold on Jackson's ranch. They killed Joe and Betty's father, and are trying to force Joe to deed the land over to Thorne. Blake develops a plan to rescue Jackson from where he is being held above the saloon, but runs into trouble. Betty sends Blake's men into the saloon as backup and is kidnapped by Thorne, who then threatens to kill Betty and Joe if they do not sign the deed. While Dusty rides for the sheriff, Blake and his men backtrack Betty's horse . A gun battle ensues, with the sheriff arriving in the nick of time. The villains are hauled off to jail, and Blake rides into the sunset with Betty."] ["Set in the American Southwest, the territorial governor enlists the help of the Lone Ranger  to investigate mysterious raids on white settlers by Native Americans who ride with saddles. Wealthy rancher Reese Kilgore  wants to expand his land to include Spirit Mountain sacred to local tribes. The Lone Ranger realizes these events are related to encourage a war between settlers and natives to scare settlers away so they won't discover the rich silver deposits on Spirit Mountain."] ['A wagon train travelling from Independence, Missouri to Santa Fe means trouble for Alfredo Dupray, his authority from Spain will end with the arrival of a Mexican Governor. He plots to solve this by intercepting a trade agreement, to be negotiated by Clark Stuart on the wagon train, and disrupt US-Mexican relations. Repeated attacks are thwarted, however, by the appearance of a mysterious Rider on a Painted Stallion who issues warnings with her whistling arrows. With her help Clark Stuart, along with historical characters, Kit Carson, Jim Bowie and Davy Crockett work to defeat Dupray. Eventually, they assist the arrival of the US Cavalry and the treaty is signed, leaving Stuart and the Rider to ride away together.'] ['Daniel Dillon is an Irish immigrant who settled in the high mountains of California during the Gold Rush of 1849. It is now 1867, and we see that Dillon has a vault filled with gold and a town of his own, named Kingdom Come. Dillon owns nearly every business of consequence in the town; if someone digs for gold, rents a hotel room, opens a bank account, or commits a crime, they will have to deal with Dillon. One of the few profitable enterprises in town that Dillon does not own is the saloon/brothel, which is operated by Lucia, his Portuguese lover. Donald Dalglish is a surveyor with the Central Pacific Railroad, which wants to put a train either through Kingdom Come, or somewhere in the vicinity. He is here to decide the route. Dillon is anxious to ensure that the railway line is routed through "his" town, as this will bring more business. Among the travelers who arrive in town with Dalglish are two women, the beautiful but ailing Elena Burn and her lovely teenage daughter Hope. The presence of these women is deeply troubling for Dillon, for they are the keys to a dark secret Dillon has kept from the people of Kingdom Come for nearly twenty years. Dillon had come to these mountains with his Polish wife Elena and their months old baby, Hope. On a cold and snowy night they happen upon a shack named Kingdom Come, owned by a disillusioned \'49er named Burn. Similar to Hardy\'s Mayor of Casterbridge, Dillon sells Elena and Hope to the prospector in exchange for the small gold claim  that would later flourish and make Dillon so wealthy. Burn has died, and Elena has come to find Dillon because Burn left her with nothing, she is dying, and she wants Dillon to give her $200 per year so that she can "do right by Hope".  Dillon tells Lucia that they have to end it and gives her some gold bricks and the deeds to her home, the saloon/brothel, and the tobacco house. Lucia is heartbroken, wanting Dillon and not his money. Dillon asks Elena to marry him , revealing that he never married anyone else because he was always married to her. Their time after the marriage is short, filled with Dillon\'s efforts to find a cure for her illness and ending with her death. Elena\'s death coincides with the decision to route the railway some distance from the town for easier passage and construction. Lucia moves the girls, the booze and the tobacco house to the valley, effectively moving the entire population of Kingdom Come to her new town of Lisboa, named for her father\'s home in Portugal, to be near the railroad. Following Elena\'s funeral, Hope tells Dillon that she is leaving to find Dalglish and start a life with him. Dillon takes her up to the original shack Kingdom Come, showing her a picture of their family when she was a baby, and revealing the deal made right on that spot between him and Burn. Hope leaves him and goes to the new Lisboa. Dillon is thus faced with the loss of Elena, Hope and his town. He sets fire to all the buildings in Kingdom Come. The smoke attracts the people of Lisboa, who find Dillon\'s frozen body in the snow near his original shack. Lucia is devastated, crying over the frozen body as it is brought back to the ruins of Kingdom Come. While many of the \'former\' townspeople rush to find Dillon\'s stockpile of gold in the burned out vault, Hope and Dalglish choose instead to follow Dillon\'s body as Lucia and others continue with it down the mountain.'] ['The Stranger, a tall striking creature dressed in white sets into motions a series of events whilst reciting the Edgar Allan Poe\'s poem "Eldorado", which will have an effect on those heading towards the mythical city. The evening was going to be a normal Blues Brothers tribute gig for Oliver and Stanley Rosenblum, The Jews Brothers at a local Bar Mitzvah, but things were not going to go to plan for Stan and Ollie. After being wrongly sent to entertain the annual conference of Neo Nazi\'s instead of the stripper, which was sent to the Bar Mitzvah by their inept Manager JJ. The Jews Brothers are chased out of town by the head of the Californian Chapter of Neo Nazi\'s General Zwick, and after contacting their agent JJ who makes amends for the mix up by sending the boys and the stripper Lesley Dean to do a show at the Eldorado Festival. This sets in motion a series of events, as at the same time Jessica Albino Jones is on the run from her husband, strip club owner Roy with a million of his dollars and with words of wisdom from Angel and Lilly, she finds herself on the same road to Eldorado. The Jews Brothers have broken down, and then are humiliated by a gang of Hell\'s Angels led by Meat. Oliver is keeping it together whilst his weaker brother Stanley is complaining about a broken tooth. They are given directions to a dentist known as Doc Martin who loves pulling teeth and gets some kind of sexual kick from doing procedures on his patients. The story continues as they close in towards the centre of Eldorado, but at the same time Roy is concerned his wife has run off with one million dollars and employs the help of his friend Ted to pursue his missing wife and more importantly his money. They are also heading now towards a meeting in Eldorado. As these relatively normal characters make their way there, it becomes increasingly clear that the inhabitants of this town are not the normal folk you expect celebrating their towns bi-centenary. The town folk of Eldorado are a collection of folk who prey on tourists including loud mouth Dick Wheeler coming to their town and making them top of the menu. Now Oliver and Stanley have to escape from this town before they become the dish of the day. With the likes of Lemmas, the deranged butcher, making sure that only the best meat is ready for the feast, it\'s going to be hard getting out in one piece. With the Stranger bringing the pieces into play and the Spirit Guide making his own waves, it will end in a way no one will believe. With the town folk on the tail of Oliver and Stanley, they make the run out of town with a million dollars that Stanley has surprisingly found, they are looking forward to a worry-free life, but the Stranger does not have that in mind, as they find themselves on a cloud on the other side.'] ['After the American Civil War, Union Colonel John Henry Thomas  and company attacks a group of Confederate soldiers, only to be informed after defeating them that the war had ended days ago. Another group of Confederate soldiers, led by Colonel James Langdon  prepare to join Emperor Maximilian of Mexico. Langdon torches his plantation before he departs rather than have it fall into the hands of carpetbaggers. At the same time, Thomas, with his adopted Indian son Blue Boy  and his surviving command, brings a herd of 3,000 horses across the Rio Grande for sale in Durango, Mexico. Halfway there, Blue Boy notices that the tracks of a group of bandits indicate that they are planning an ambush on a group of travelers. Blue Boy and Thomas go to warn the travelers, who turn out to be the Confederates. Together the Americans repel a group of Mexican bandits who attack the Confederate wagon train. The two factions meet at a Fourth of July party and relive the war through a drunken brawl. They then split and go their separate ways. Meanwhile, Langdon\'s daughter and Blue Boy have fallen in love. When Langdon\'s company reaches Mexican Republican General Rojas , he holds the Southerners hostage for Thomas\' horses. Thomas orders the herd to stampede into the General\'s camp as ransom payment for their former enemies. One glaring error is that while the Confederates are in the hands of General Rojas, the characters--both Mexican and American--keep referring to the war against Maximilian as a "revolution." As the Juarez government had never fled Mexico during the intervention, and consistently insisted it was the lawful government, no loyal Mexican would consider the war a revolution; it was the expulsion of a foreign invader.'] ['Elvis Presley plays Pacer Burton, the son of a Kiowa mother and a Texas rancher father. His family, including a half-brother, Clint, live a typical life on the Texas frontier. Life becomes anything but typical when a nearby tribe of Kiowa begin raiding neighboring homesteads. Pacer soon finds himself caught between the two worlds, part of both but belonging to neither.'] ["In 1949, young cowboy John Grady Cole and his best friend Lacey Rawlins leave their family ranches in San Angelo, Texas and cross the border on horseback south to Mexico to seek work. They encounter on the trail a peculiar 13-year-old boy named Jimmy Blevins, whom they befriend, and later meet a young aristocrat's daughter, Alejandra Villarreal, with whom Cole falls in love. Cole and Rawlins become hired hands for Alejandra's father, who likes their work, but Cole's romantic interest in his daughter is unwelcome by her wealthy aunt. After Alejandra is taken away by her father, Cole and Rawlins are arrested by Mexican police and taken to jail, where they again find Blevins. Blevins has been accused of stealing a horse and murder. He is killed by a corrupt police captain. Cole and Rawlins are sent to a Mexican prison for abetting Blevins' crime, where they must defend themselves against dangerous inmates. Cole and Rawlins are both nearly killed. Cole is freed by the aunt of Alejandra on the condition that she never sees him again. Rawlins is also freed. While Rawlins returns to his parents' ranch in Texas, Cole attempts to reunite with Alejandra over her family's objections. Her mother is confident that Alejandra will keep her word and not get back together with Cole - so much so that she even gives him her daughter's phone number. Cole urges Alejandra to come to Texas with him. She, however, decides she must keep her word and though she loves him, she will not go with him. Cole then sets out to get revenge on the captain who took the Blevins boy's life, as well as to get back his and Lacey's and Blevins' horses. After making the captain his prisoner, he turns him over to Mexican men, including one with whom he previously shared a cell. Riding through a small town in Texas and towing two horses behind the one he is riding, he stops to inquire what day it is . He asks if a couple of men would be interested in buying a rifle, as he needs the money. One is a sheriff's deputy and arrests him because all three horses have different brands and Cole is suspect as a horse thief. In court, Cole tells the judge his story from the beginning. The judge believes him and orders him freed and the horses returned to him. Later that evening, Cole shows up at the judge's home and is troubled. The judge had said good things about him in court but he feels guilty that Blevins was killed - and while there was nothing he could have done to prevent the killing, he never even spoke up at the time and is upset with himself for that. The judge tells him he is being too hard on himself and it could not have been helped; he must go on and live his life. Cole rides up to Lacey Rawlins on his family's ranch and asks him if he wants his horse back."] ["In 1942 the Japanese army is thrusting southwards and Australia fear invasion. Bill Parsons becomes concerned, and leaves his homestead in northern Australia along with his wife and two daughters, Mary and Helen. They join up with a cattle drive heading south led by Dan McAlpine. Others on the drive include the shonky Corky; British former sailor, Sinbad; aboriginal stockmen, Nipper and Jackie. The cattle drive is extremely difficult, encountering crocodiles, blazing heat and other dangers. Mary and Sinbad start a romance. Dan speaks out against Corky's plans to develop the Northern Territory."] ["The story takes place in rough-and-tumble Gold Rush-era California and revolves around a woman  who is saved from a ruffian  by a heroic stranger . In turn, Salomy Jane saves Jack Dart from being wrongly lynched for a crime he didn't commit."] ["Curt Bridges  and his brother, Arthur , track down the panther which has killed many of the cattle on his family's ranch. At the same time their family begins to  fall apart at home while awaiting their return. The discovery of Arthur's body further fractures the family and sends Ma and Pa Bridges further into each of their respective personal problems."] ['Fairbanks plays a hedonistic New York City aristocrat who tries to change his selfish ways by heading to Sonora, Texas to carry out a campaign of altruism. Along the way, he is mistaken for a Mexican bandit and is pursued by a corrupt sheriff who is in pursuit of the bandit\'s hidden fortune.The Knickerbocker Buckaroo at silentera.com database Thompson, Frank. "Lost Films: Important Movies That Disappeared," pages 86-89. Citadel Press, 1996. ISBN 0-8065-1604-6'] ['In 1876, Lin McAdam  and friend \'High-Spade\' Frankie Wilson  pursue outlaw \'Dutch Henry\' Brown  into Dodge City, Kansas. They arrive just in time to see a man forcing a saloon-hall girl named Lola  onto the stage leaving town. Once the man reveals himself to be Sheriff Wyatt Earp  Lin backs down. Earp informs the two men that firearms are not allowed in town and they must check them in with Earp\'s brother Virgil. Lin and Dutch Henry see each other in the saloon, but are unable to fight due to the presence of Earp. Lin enters a shooting competition, contending against Dutch Henry among others, that is held on the Fourth of July. They end up the two finalists for a prized one-of-one-thousand perfect Winchester rifle. Lin wins by betting that he can shoot through a stamp placed over the hole of round piece from an Indian necklace and then doing it. Dutch Henry claims that he is leaving town, but then goes to Lin\'s boarding house room and jumps Lin when he enters and steals the prize. He and his two cohorts leave town with Lin and High-Spade in hot pursuit. Dutch Henry and his two men ride to Riker\'s Bar. Because they left town in a hurry, they left their guns behind which puts them in a very bad position considering the problems with Indians in the area. Once Indian trader Joe Lamont  gets a look at the rifle, he raises the price of his guns high enough that Dutch and his men can not afford to buy any. Dutch\'s only option is to trade the rifle for three hundred dollars in gold and their choice of weapons from the pile that Lamont is going to sell to the Indians. Lamont feigns inexperience at cards and Dutch attempts to win back the rifle. Instead, he ends up losing the three hundred in gold to Lamont. Lamont takes his guns to meet his Indian buyers, but their leader Young Bull  doesn\'t like the old, worn-out merchandise Lamont is offering; he wants the guns that Crazy Horse used at the Battle of the Little Bighorn. Lamont made the mistake of leaving his rifle very visible and Hudson\'s character wants it. When Lamont refuses to sell, he is robbed and scalped.  Lola Manners  and her fiance Steve Miller  are in a wagon heading to where their new home will be. The left rear wheel of the wagon is squeaking loudly because Steve forgot to grease it back in town. When they are pursued by Indians, the wheel becomes a factor because the wagon is slowed down. In a moment of panic, which Lola never forgives him for, he gets off the wagon and gets on his horse that is tied to the back. He rides away and leaves Lola, but returns when he sees a small encampment of soldiers up ahead. He rides alongside while Lola drives the wagon and they reach safety with the Army. That night, after being chased by the Indians, Lin and High-Spade meet up with those same soldiers which has been pinned down by those Indians. The soldiers are young and inexperienced and their crusty old sergeant  is inexperienced in fighting Indians. Lin gives him some tactical advice on how to fight the Indians. They prepare themselves for an early attack the next day and Lin gives Lola his six-gun to fight with. The unspoken message he gives her, which she fully understands, is that she is to use the gun on herself to avoid capture.  After a fierce morning battle, the Indian leader is killed. Lin and \'High-Spade\' return to their search for Dutch Henry and they ride right past the rifle lying on the ground by the dead Indian\'s body. It is found by Doan  and the sergeant gives it to Steve . Steve and Lola reach the Jameson house where Lola will stay with Mrs. Jameson and her two small children while Steve goes to meet \'Waco\' Johnnie Dean, much to the disapproval of Lola. Steve ends up not having to go because Waco  and his men show up at the Jameson house unexpectedly. They are on the run from a posse and once Waco sees the rifle, he covets it. He keeps insulting Miller in front of Lola in an attempt to provoke Steve into a gunfight. Finally Steve draws on Waco, though he knows he is no match for the professional. Waco kills him and takes possession of the rifle. Once Waco and Lola escape the posse and go to Dutch\'s hideout, Dutch Henry takes back "his" rifle. There, Dutch Henry plans an armed robbery in Tascosa, Texas. Waco is stationed in a saloon to provide cover for the gang\'s escape after the robbery, but is betrayed to Lin by Lola. Lin forces Waco to tell him where Dutch is and when Waco gets a chance to shoot Lin, Lin kills him in the street. The robbery goes awry and Lin chases Dutch Henry out of town and confronts him on a rocky hill. Lin refers to Dutch by his real name, Matthew. They shoot it out on the hill with rifles before Lin finally shoots Matthew/Dutch Henry off the hill. High-Spade reveals to Lola that Dutch Henry is Lin\'s no-good brother. Matthew robbed a bank and ran home to hide out. When their father wouldn\'t help him, Matthew shot him in the back. Lin comes riding back into town with his rifle and it\'s obvious that he and Lola will be together.'] ["A hound dog drives to the hills to dig for gold. However a gas station hound explains that in 1849 there was a major gold rush at San Francisco, CA in the hills at the first sight of gold and he didn't have any success digging, mining or panning any gold. When a horseman reports a sign of gold, the station hound trades his gas station for the other hound's car and equipment."] ["Freeze Out is a comedy about one man's ridiculous and overzealous attempt to get revenge for the constant ribbing of his best friends at his weekly poker game. John's weekly poker game is a sanctuary from the horrors of living and working in Los Angeles: a ritual of jokes, beer drinking, talking movies, politics, and sex. In short, it's a good time and the max bet is 25 cents so no one is going to go broke. But something is bugging John. His friends don't respect him; any chance they get they cut him down, tell him he's boring, make him feel small. He's tired of being the butt of their jokes and he's not going to take it anymore. So he raises the stakes, trains in secret and engineers a winner-take-all Freeze Out, never realizing it might cost him his 7 best friends. What starts as an innocent night of low stakes poker becomes a ripping lampoon of friendship and a funny look at how we all lie to ourselves."] ['Set in China during the warring 1920s,"Pocky" Zhang Mazi  leads a group of bandits . The gang ambush a government train carrying Ma Bangde , who is on his way to Goose Town to assume the position of governor. Ma\'s train is derailed, killing both his bodyguards and his counselor, Tang . Ma has no money, having spent it all to buy his position; to avoid being killed by Zhang\'s bandits he lies to them, claiming that he is actually Counselor Tang and that his wife  was the dead governor\'s wife. He tells the bandits that, if they spare him and his wife, he will help Zhang to impersonate Ma and pilfer Goose Town\'s finances. At Goose Town, Zhang\'s appointment is opposed by local mobster Master Huang , who lives in a fortified citadel. Ma tells Zhang that previous governors would split taxes levied from the town residents with Huang. However, Zhang is not interested in taking money from the poor. Wu , one of Huang\'s subordinates, severely injures a citizen, and as governor Zhang rules against Wu in the town court. In retaliation, Huang frames Zhang\'s godson, Six, for theft. Six kills himself to prove his innocence. Zhang vows to destroy Huang, but Ma advises him to use cunning rather than brute force. Huang invites Zhang to a meal at his citadel, and there Huang pretends to have his subordinates killed as a sign of good faith. Not realising the governor is actually the bandit chief, Huang raises a plan to hunt down and kill Zhang Mazi. Zhang pretends to agree to this plan, so long as Huang finances the expedition. That night, Huang disguises his subordinates as Mazi\'s bandits and sends them to assassinate Zhang while he is asleep. However, only Ma\'s wife is killed. In grief, Ma reveals his true identity as governor to Zhang. During the funeral for Ma\'s wife, Zhang has his bandits kidnap Huang and the heads of Goose Town\'s two leading families for ransom. They quickly discover they have captured Huang\'s look-alike. The town raises the ransom money but Zhang refuses to take it, instead returning it to the townsfolk. As they do so, Flora, a young prostitute in Huang\'s custody, discovers their identity. She is captured but becomes friendly with Master Two and Master Three and later stays on as a bandit, helping them to guard Huang\'s look-alike. Huang sends his own subordinates, also disguised as bandits, to retrieve the money handed back to the town. A woman comes to find Ma, saying that he seduced her while in Shanxi and he is the father of her son. As compensation, Ma gives them two jewels that Huang had given Zhang. Huang devises a new plan to kill Zhang Mazi  by sending out his subordinates to pose as masked bandits. This plan fails, and his men are killed in a shoot-out. Huang has no choice but to supply the money for Zhang\'s anti-bandit expedition. In the meantime, Huang\'s steward obtains a portrait of the real Governor Ma. The real Ma tells Huang that Zhang is his nephew and allowed to play governor because he saved Ma from bandits. During the expedition, Huang employs a fake Zhang Mazi to kill Zhang during the hunt, doubling his chances by sending his men with a landmine. Three days later, during the battle with Huang\'s fake bandits, Master Two is killed. After the fake Zhang Mazi is captured, he offers up two jewels as a way to avoid death. It transpires he killed the woman and Ma\'s son after Ma gave them the jewels. A distraught Ma tries to leave for Shanxi, but drives his carriage over the landmine and is killed. Zhang vows revenge and returns to Goose Town for a showdown with Huang. He scatters money to the townsfolk and Huang gathers it up the next day; then Zhang scatters firearms to the townsfolk and prevents Huang from gathering them. Zhang and his bandits put on a show of attacking the citadel, then beheads Huang\'s look-alike to convince the townsfolk that Huang is dead. The townsfolk are reassured and storm the citadel with their new weapons. Zhang gives Huang a chance to commit suicide, however he doesn\'t take it, and Wu kills him instead. Master Three intends to marry Flora and the surviving bandits leave for Shanghai to lead a more peaceful life. They take the train through the mountains, Zhang riding after them.'] ["During the Civil War, Confederate soldiers escape from a Union prison and head for the Mexican border. Along the way, they kill a Union courier bearing the news that the war is over. Keeping the message a secret, the captain has his men go on and they soon find themselves in a battle with the Union search party who also is unaware of the war's end."] ['A drifter named Hogan spots and saves a naked woman from being gang-raped by several bandits whom he shoots and kills. He later learns that the woman, Sara, is a nun working with a group of Mexican revolutionaries who are fighting the French. When Sara requests that Hogan take her to a Mexican camp, he agrees because he had previously arranged to help the Mexican revolutionaries attack the French garrison in exchange for a portion of the garrison\'s strongbox if they are successful. As the duo heads toward the camp, Hogan is surprised that the nun smokes his cigars and drinks his whiskey. When he attempts to detonate a charge to destroy a French ammunition train, he is shot by an arrow in the shoulder. Sara is able to bandage him, but he is still unable to shoot the charge to disable the train. Sara assists him in angling his rifle, and the two are able to destroy the train together. Eventually the two reach Juarista commander Col. Beltran\'s camp and Sara reveals the layout of the French garrison. She then reveals to Hogan that she is not a nun but a prostitute posing as a nun, and the two team up, infiltrate the fortress and open the gates for the Mexican revolutionary forces to swarm through. An epic battle ensues; Hogan demonstrates great bravery in the battle by singlehandedly gunning down several French soldiers. The French retreat and the Mexicans capture the fort. As promised, Hogan receives a big portion of the riches in the fort. Now wealthy and his job completed, Hogan and Sara set off together for further adventures.  All along the film, major plot twists revolve around the anachronistic use of dynamite. Both the item and the word "dynamite" were invented in 1867 by Alfred Nobel. The events depicted are supposed to take place during the French intervention in Mexico, between 1861 and 1866, before M. Nobel obtained patents for his invention: in England on May 7, 1867 and in Sweden on October 19, 1867. This anachronism in a 1970 film about a part of Mexican history is to be related with the 1971 Sergio Leone Film Duck, You Sucker! which relates the adventures of a fictional dynamite expert during another Mexican historical period: the revolution of 1911.'] ['{{plot}} The film takes place in Nevada in 1885Detailed synopsis and begins with Art Croft  and Gil Carter  riding into the town of Bridger\'s Wells. They go into Darby\'s Saloon and find that the atmosphere is subdued, in part because of the recent incidents of cattle-rustling  in the vicinity. Everyone wants to catch the thieves. Gil learns that his former girlfriend left town at the start of the spring and he now drinks heavily to drown his sorrows. Art and Gil are possible rustler suspects simply because they are not often seen in town. The townspeople are wary of them, and a fight breaks out between Gil and a local rancher named Farnley . Immediately after the fight, another man races into town on horseback, goes into the saloon and announces that a rancher named Larry Kinkaid has been murdered. The townspeople immediately form a posse to pursue the murderers, whom they believe to be the cattle rustlers. The posse is told by the local judge that it must bring the presumed rustlers back alive for trial, and that its deputization by a deputy  is illegal, but little heed is taken of this. Art and Gil join the posse as well, as much to avoid being its target as to participate. Davies ([[Harry Davenport , a man vehemently opposed to forming the posse because of its capacity for "mob rule", also joins. Among the other people in the posse are "Major" Tetley ([[Frank Conroy  and his son, Gerald . The major informs the posse that three men with cattle bearing Kinkaid\'s brand have just entered Bridger\'s Pass, and therefore shouldn\'t be too difficult to catch. On their journey, members of the posse encounter a stagecoach. They try to stop it, but the stagecoach guard assumes that it is a stickup, and shoots, accidentally wounding Art in the left shoulder. In the coach are Rose Mapen  – Gil\'s old girlfriend – and her new, obviously rich husband, Swanson . Later in the night, in the Ox-Bow canyon, the posse finds three men sleeping on the ground, with what are presumed to be stolen cattle nearby. The posse interrogates the men: a young, well-spoken man, Donald Martin ; a Mexican named Juan Martínez  who claims to be unable to understand English; and a delusional old man named Alva Hardwicke, portrayed by veteran Hollywood character actor/silent film director Francis Ford . Martin claims that he purchased the cattle from Kinkaid, but that he received no bill of sale because the sale took place out on the range. No one believes Martin, and it is therefore decided that the three men are to be hanged at sunrise. Martin, as his last wish, writes a private letter to his wife and asks Davies, the only member of the posse that he trusts, to deliver it. Davies reads the letter, and, hoping to save Martin\'s life, gives it to the others to read. Because of the letter\'s eloquence, Davies believes that Martin is innocent and does not deserve to die. However, Martin finds out that his letter has been read, and becomes angry at the betrayal of his privacy. During the argument, the Mexican, who is actually a gambler named Francisco Morez, tries to escape and is shot. The posse discovers that Juan is able to speak "American" and ten other languages and that he has Kinkaid\'s gun. Major Tetley wants the men to be lynched immediately because he does not want any of the rustlers to escape through the courts. A vote is taken on whether the men should be hanged or taken back to face trial. Only seven of the group , among them Davies, Gerald Tetley, Gil and Art, vote to take the men back to town alive; the rest support immediate hanging. Gil tries to stop it, but is overpowered. The group must choose three people to hit the horses out from under the condemned men. Farnley and Jenny Grier , the only woman in the posse, volunteer, and Gerald Tetley is ordered by his father to be the third. While the others hit the horses of the old man and Morez, Gerald Tetley does not, and the horse therefore simply walks out from under Martin. Farnley shoots Martin to kill him. After the lynching, the posse heads back towards Bridger\'s Wells, leaving Sparks , a self-taught preacher, singing a hymn below the dangling bodies. On the way, they meet Sheriff Risley . They tell him with pride of their actions, but the sheriff replies that Lawrence Kinkaid was not killed, is under the care of the doctor in Pike\'s Corner, and that the men who shot him have already been arrested. Risley strips the deputy of his badge and asks Davies, who he knows would not have supported a lynching, to tell him who was involved. "All but seven," Davies replies. "God better have mercy on you," the sheriff tells the posse. "You won\'t get any from me." The men of the posse gather back in Darby\'s Saloon and drink in silence. Major Tetley returns to his house and locks the door so his son cannot come in. His son yells at him through the door, telling him the he knew from the beginning those men were innocent. Major Tetley walks into another room and shoots himself. In the saloon, Gil reads Martin\'s letter out loud to Art while the other members of the posse are listening. In the closing scene, mirroring the initial scene, Gil and Art ride out of town to deliver the letter to Martin\'s wife and family.'] ['The concept of the movie is explained in a voiceover intro by G. W. Bailey, who wonders what it would be like if one of the 1930s/1940s Rex O\'Herlihan movies were to be made today. At that point, in a scene reminiscent of The Wizard of Oz, the cinematogaphy shifts from black & white to color and the soundtrack changes from mono to Dolby Digital surround sound. As a consequence of this paradigm shift, Rex O\'Herlihan , a "singing cowboy," is the only character aware of the plot outline. He explains that he "knows the future" inasmuch as "these Western towns are all the same" and that it\'s his "karma" to "ride into a town, help the good guys, who are usually poor for some reason, against the bad guys, who are usually rich for some reason, and ride out again." Rex\'s knowledge is also connected to the unspecified "root" vegetables he digs up and eats. On his high-stepping horse Wildfire, Rex rides into the town of Oakwood Estates, walks into a saloon and meets Peter, the Town Drunk . In exchange for a free drink, Peter explicates the background: the town, and especially the sheep herders , are being terrorized by the cattle ranchers, headed by Colonel Ticonderoga . Also there is Miss Tracy , the traditional Prostitute with a Heart of Gold. A local sheriff is "a corrupt old coward who takes his orders from the Colonel." Blackie, the foreman at Rancho Ticonderoga, swaggers into the bar with two of his henchmen and shoots one of the sheep herders. Miss Tracy objects, hot words are exchanged, and Blackie is accidentally shot in the back by his henchmen. Rex then shoots the guns out of their hands. Peter exchanges his drunk suit for a sidekick outfit, catches up with Rex, and is reluctantly accepted.  At the singing cowboy\'s campsite, Peter finds not one but two women there eager to get to know Rex a little better, Miss Tracy and the Colonel\'s daughter . The Colonel goes to the boss of the railroad men  who wear [[duster  for help. "We should stick together. Look what we have in common: we\'re both rich, we\'re both power-mad, and we\'re both Colonels— that\'s got to count for something!" Rex outwits the Bad Guys because he knows their every move before they do. But then the Colonels import "Wrangler" Bob Barber , apparently another Good Guy. Bob psychs out Rex in their first meeting by attacking Rex\'s claim to be the "most good Good Guy" and pointing out that a Good Guy has to be "a confident heterosexual." "I thought it was just a heterosexual", Rex objects. "No, it\'s a confident heterosexual," responds Bob. Rex backs down from the shootout. On his way out of town, while preparing to change roles to that of a sidekick, Rex explains to Peter that he rides into town, kisses the girls and rides out again. "That\'s all: I just kiss \'em. I mean, this is the 1880s. You gotta date and date and date and date and sometimes marry \'em before they, you know ..." Bob reports that Rex is finished as a Good Guy. Nevertheless, the Colonels, over Bob\'s objection, arrange for Peter to be bushwhacked. This rouses Rex to round up the sheep herders and face down Bob and the rancher/railroad combine. Bob is revealed as not a Good Guy at all because, after all, "I\'m a lawyer!" Rex shoots him. Colonel Ticonderoga makes the peace. He apologizes to Rex and throws a party at Rancho Ticonderoga, after which Rex and Peter  ride off together into the sunset.'] ['In the Oregon Territory prior to the American Civil War, Chief Mike  has fought the US Army and the white settlers to a standstill. As a result the post commander Major Wallach  is replaced by Major Archer . On the way to the fort, Major Archer\'s troop of cavalry accompanied by two field guns spot an ambush by Chief Mike\'s Indians. Major Archer orders one of the guns to fire knocking down a tree and panicking the "braves" who suffer no casualties. On arrival at the Fort, Major Wallach has allowed the use of his barracks to recruit more Irregulars for Stacey Wyatt who accompany the regulars on their military expeditions. As the recruiting involves free alcohol and kisses by women to the volunteers  Major Archer is furious and immediately takes command of the post to reinstall military discipline, retrain the men and plan another expedition. No one is more outraged than Sergeant Major McClain\'s  daughter Brett  who thinks Archer inhuman. An emissary of Chief Mike comes to arrange a meeting between the new commander to discuss peace but Major Archer initially refuses until orders come for him to negotiate with the Indians. The Major and Chief meet with each respecting each other and arranging a thirty day truce with the Indians and whites not crossing either side of the Rogue River. Wyatt is secretly employed to keep the Indian wars going by a consortium of the territory\'s business community  who oppose Statehood that would ruin their profits. Wyatt tricks Sgt Major McClain into breaking the treaty by telling him the Indians have attacked a white settlement leading to all but McClain killed after they attack an Indian settlement.'] ["Juan Lorenzo de la Riba  tries to leave his girlfriend behind, but rich hacendada Silvia Guerrero  implies to Juan Lorenzo that he has to marry her because he defiled her honor. Silvia also states that Juan worries his father Don Artemio because of his lack of responsibility. Although Silvia is engaged to Rafael Ortigoza , she intends to marry Juan Lorenzo. Silvia's father devises a plan to attempt an assassination toward Juan and Don Artemio. Silvia is tricked into believing that Juan Lorenzo is dead, and so she is forced to marry Rafael."] [' The film portrays two conflicts that take place around Flagstone, a fictional town in the American Old West: a land battle related to construction of a railroad, and a mission of vengeance against a cold-blooded killer. The main storyline revolves around a struggle for Sweetwater, a piece of land near Flagstone containing the region\'s only water source. The land was bought by Brett McBain, who foresaw that the railroad would have to pass through that area to provide water for the steam locomotives. When railroad tycoon Morton learns of this, he sends his hired gun Frank to simply intimidate McBain to move off the land, but Frank instead kills McBain and his three children, planting evidence on the scene to frame the bandit Cheyenne and his gang. By the time McBain\'s new bride, Jill, arrives from New Orleans, the family is dead and she is the owner of the land.  Meanwhile, a mysterious harmonica-playing gunman, whom Cheyenne later dubs "Harmonica", pursues Frank. In the film\'s opening scene, Harmonica kills three men sent by Frank to kill him, and, in a roadhouse on the way to Sweetwater, he informs Cheyenne that the three gunfighters he killed appeared to be posing as Cheyenne\'s men. Sometime later, Harmonica kills two men sent by Frank to kill Jill. Back at Sweetwater, construction materials are delivered to build a railroad station and a small town. Harmonica explains to Cheyenne that Jill will lose Sweetwater unless the station is built by the time the track\'s construction crews reach that point, and Cheyenne puts his men to work building it.  Meanwhile, Frank turns against Morton, who wanted to make a deal with Jill. Frank\'s betrayal is made easy by the fact that Morton is crippled. After having his way with her, Frank forces Jill to sell the property in an auction. He tries to buy the farm cheaply by intimidating the other bidders, but Harmonica arrives, holding Cheyenne at gunpoint, and makes a much higher bid based on his reward money for delivering Cheyenne to the authorities. After rebuffing another intimidation attempt by Frank, Harmonica sells the farm back to Jill. At this point, some of Frank\'s men try to kill Frank, having been paid by Morton to turn against him, but Harmonica helps Frank kill them in order to save that privilege for himself. After Morton and the rest of Frank\'s men are killed in a battle with Cheyenne\'s gang, Frank goes to Sweetwater to confront Harmonica. On two occasions, Frank has asked Harmonica who he is, but both times Harmonica refused to answer him. Instead, he mysteriously quoted names of men Frank has murdered. The two men position themselves for a duel, at which point Harmonica\'s motive for revenge is revealed in a flashback: When Harmonica was a boy, Frank forced the boy to kill his own brother by tying a noose to the top of an arch, placing it around the brother\'s neck, and forcing the struggling Harmonica to support his brother on his shoulders with a harmonica in his mouth. Harmonica draws first and shoots Frank, and when Frank again asks who he is, he puts the harmonica in Frank\'s mouth. Frank nods weakly in recognition and dies. With Frank dead, Harmonica and Cheyenne say goodbye to Jill, who is supervising construction of the train station as the track-laying crews reach Sweetwater. Cheyenne collapses, revealing that he was shot during the fight with Frank\'s gang. The work train arrives, Jill is carrying water to the rail workers, and Harmonica rides off with Cheyenne\'s body.'] ['Chino Valdez  is a lonely horse breeder, whose life is thrown into turmoil when a young runaway turns up at his door looking for work.'] ["Tod Lohman is on the run from a posse. The ruthless land baron Hunter Boyd has sent men, including sons Otis and Tom, in pursuit of Tod for having killed another son. Otis Boyd stampedes horses toward Tod, but gunshots drive them in the opposite direction and Otis is trampled instead. Tod then gets the drop on Tom Boyd and insists he did not kill their brother, but before Tod can leave, Tom Boyd shoots his horse. On foot, Tod collapses near a river bank. He is found by kindly rancher Amos Bradley and daughter Juanita, who provide food and shelter. Juanita takes a liking to Tod, who is searching for his missing father and was brought up with Biblical lessons and principles by his mother. Tod departs but is soon surrounded by Hunter Boyd and his men. In gratitude for not shooting Tom Boyd when he had the chance, Hunter Boyd permits a horse and a four-hour headstart to Tod, then resumes the chase. Tod discovers that his father has died. A member of the posse shoots old man Bradley, which proves the last straw for Tod after having tried to turn the other cheek. But during a gun battle in town, Tom Boyd is engulfed by flames after a chandelier's crash. Tod's instincts take over. He saves the life of Tom, whose appreciative father Hunter finally calls off the feud."] ["Marion Hastings returns to her father Dan's cattle property in western Queensland after being away in Europe for fifteen years. She is treated with hostility by her father's foreman, Dick Drake, and her father's neighbour, Don Lawton. The river on the Hastings' property keeps drying up. An English house guest, Reggie Mannister discovers that the river is being dammed by Donald Lawton. Marion goes to investigate as Lawton dynamites his dam. Marion is trapped in the flood. Drake comes her to aid, rescues Marion from drowning and helps defeat Lawton in a whip duel. Dick and Marion are reunited and walk off into the sunset, with Marion holding the whip, literally."] ['The film opens as the films protagonist, a gunfighter known as "Angel Face" or Ringo, kills four men in a gunfight. He is then arrested for manslaughter and locked up in the city jail where he awaits trial. Meanwhile, Major Clyde and his daughter Ruby are celebrating Christmas with several guests on their ranch. They are interrupted by a bandit gang who storm the hacienda and take them hostage. The bandits have narrowly escaped from a bank robbery in which their leader Sancho has been wounded. In a desperate attempt to deter their pursuers, they decide to hold the family hostage threatening to execute two a day until they are allowed to go free. The house is surrounded by a posse led by the town sheriff, however he fears for the safety of the hostages, including his fiancee Ruby, if he attempts to free the hostage by force. He decides to enlist the aid of Ringo, who agrees to infiltrate the gang and free the hostages in exchange for his freedom and a percentage of the stolen money. He manages to successfully join up with the gang, posing as a fellow outlaw on the run, however Ringo\'s plans quickly become complicated as Sancho begins ordering the execution of hostages as well as the tension within the house as Delores, Sancho\'s woman, encourages Major Clyde\'s romantic feelings while one of Sancho\'s men begins making advances towards Major Clyde\'s daughter, Ruby. He at first seems to double-cross the sheriff, however he succeeds in deceiving Sancho and allows the sheriff and his posse to storm the hacienda freeing the hostages and defeating Sancho and his bandits.'] ["Universally disdained, bounty hunter Morgan Hickman  arrives in a small town with a dead outlaw in tow. While the town's population openly abhors Hickman, young sheriff Ben Owens  admires the man for taking everything in stride and knowing how to handle dangerous situations. When Owens learns Hickman was once a sheriff himself, he persuades Hickman to teach him the ways of a lawman, forcing Hickman to face his past and lost virtues."] ["As war is brewing between the Union and the Confederacy, Matthew and Rebecca are travelling west to start a new life in Oregon. Along the way, they stop at a remote trading post, where they meet up with some Cheyenne Indians. Though the Cheyenne are friendly toward the pioneers, Matthew doesn't like them and warns a group of hunters that hostile Indians are preparing for an attack. In the confrontation that results, only a pregnant Rebecca and a single wounded Cheyenne warrior named Hawk are left alive. As the winter closes in, and the two are forced to rely on each other for survival, they begin to understand and even feel affection for each otherhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0109408/plotsummary"] ['Chimmie is sent out west as part of a scam by a railroad company. He is to pretend to find gold, then retreat as the company takes advantage. Things do not go as planned.'] ["John Drury  is passing through when townsfolk are about to kill Duke, a horse they believe to be dangerous. He convinces them to reprieve the animal if he can ride it. He does, earning the gratitude of Ruth Gaunt . He then volunteers to deal with an outlaw known as the Hawk who has been terrorizing the area. Solid citizen Henry Simms  volunteers to guide him to the Hawk's territory. But Simms is actually the Hawk and he ties Drury to a tree, leaving him to die. Simms then leads a raid on a ranch, kills a man and plants Drury's harmonica at the scene. With the help of his horse Duke, Drury manages to free himself. However, a group of vigilantes, believing that he is the Hawk, accuse him of murder and take him to face a hanging judge. Fortunately, Ruth shows up, with the news that a wounded witness has regained consciousness and confirmed Drury's claim that Simms is the real bandit. Simms' men burst in and hold everyone at gunpoint. Simms takes Ruth with him to his hideout, but Drury manages to escape and follow them. The posse overpowers Simms' henchmen and captures the rest of the gang. Simms and Drury fight; when Drury is distracted by the arrival of help, Simms knocks him out and tries to flee, only to run into the deadly hooves of an enraged Duke."] ['The film starts with a prologue scene set in Bolivia in 1908. Butch Cassidy writes a letter to his family, enclosing a belt buckle engraved with a treasure map. Cassidy and his accomplice, Harry Longabaugh , attempt to elude capture when their hideout is surrounded by Bolivian police. The film then shifts to Circleville, Utah, in 1951, where Butch Cassidy\'s 16-year old great-nephew, Roy Parker, defends his infamous ancestor\'s reputation despite the opposition of Sam, his stern grandfather, Cassidy\'s younger brother. Sam resents Roy\'s interest in Cassidy, even acquiescing in the boy\'s brief jailing on a trumped-up charge, where he scolds him, "I spent the better part of my life trying to live down the reputation that your hero has laid out for the Parker name and you grow up worshipping him." Roy also embarks on a personal mission to learn the truth about his infamous ancestor\'s death.{{cite web}}'] [' A stranger, wearing buckskin and a six shooter, calling himself Shane , rides into an isolated valley in the sparsely settled territory of Wyoming. Whatever his past, he\'s obviously skilled as a gunslinger, and soon finds himself drawn into a conflict between homesteader Joe Starrett  and ruthless cattle baron Rufus Ryker , who wants to force Starrett and the others off the land. Shane stays for supper and the night at the invitation of Joe\'s wife, Marian , and starts working as a farmhand. Young Joey  is drawn to him and the gun, and wants to learn how to shoot. Shane tries to teach him and his mother that a gun is a tool like any other, except it\'s designed to shoot people. Whether it\'s used for good or not depends on the person using it. There is an obvious attraction, and perhaps a history, between Shane and Marian. She tells Shane that they would be better off if there weren\'t any guns in the valley, including his. She is emphatic that guns are not going to be a part of her son\'s life. When Shane goes into town with Starrett and the rest of the homesteaders, he gets into a fistfight with Ryker\'s men after being ridiculed for backing down before. With Joe\'s help, they win, and the shopkeeper orders them out. Ryker declares that the next time Shane or Joe go to town the "air will be filled with gunsmoke." As tensions mount, Ryker hires Jack Wilson , an unscrupulous, psychopathic gunslinger, who laughs at the thought of murder. Wilson goads ex-Confederate Frank \'Stonewall\' Torrey , a hot-tempered Alabama homesteader, into a fight, and shoots him down in the street. After the funeral, many plan to leave. But a fire set by Ryker\'s men spurs them into pulling together to put it out, rather than driving them out. Ryker decides to have Wilson kill Starrett in an ambush at the saloon, under the pretense of negotiating. One of Ryker\'s men loses his stomach for this, and warns Shane that Starrett\'s "up against a stacked deck." Joe is resolved to go anyway. He knows that Shane will look after Marian and Joey if he doesn\'t survive. But Shane tells Joe he\'s no match for Wilson, although he might be a match for Ryker. They fight and Shane has to knock him unconscious. Joey yells at Shane for pistol whipping his father with the butt of his gun. Marian begs Shane not to go and asks if he is doing it for her. He admits that he is, and for Joey, and all the decent people who want a chance to live and grow up there. In town, Shane walks into the saloon. Shane tells Ryker that they\'re both relics of the Old West, but Ryker hasn\'t realized it yet. Wilson draws, but is shot and keeps reflexively shooting, even after he\'s dead. Ryker pulls a hidden gun and Shane returns fire. He\'s turned to leave when Ryker\'s brother fires a Winchester rifle from the balcony overhead. Joey, who ran after Shane, calls out and Shane fires back. Shane walks out of the saloon, where Joey is waiting for him. He says that he has to move on and tells him to take care of his family. Shane also says to tell Joey\'s mother that there "aren\'t any more guns in the valley." Shane\'s blood runs onto Joey\'s hands when he reaches up to him. Joey\'s worried, but Shane tells him that\'s fine. Wounded, Shane sits up, with his arm hanging uselessly at his side as he rides past the grave markers on Cemetery Hill, and out of town, into the sunrise, over the mountains. The film does not explicitly state whether Shane survives the wound he received in the shootout.'] ['The Sixth is a parable about lawlessness and bureaucracy in the aftermath of the Great October Revolution. The film could be categorized as a "Ostern" type of movie, with a lawman hero who faces up to corruption against the odds, although no one around has any faith in his abilities. It is set in 1923 and the Russian Civil War has come to an end, although the situation is still dangerous in some regions. An elusive band of White guards is hiding in the mountains, raiding Soviet institutions and making short work of the representatives of local government. Five chiefs have already been killed by the "whites" and the intimidated townsfolk believe the sixth one is also doomed. The protagonist is the sixth militia chief, but he is shrewder than his predecessors. Recognizing the superior firepower of his well-armed and zealous enemies, he attempts to mobilise the people in the towns and help them regain faith and hope. He learns that there is a leak in his organisation and that someone is informing the band of all planned operations. He decides to use this very leak against the bandits.'] ["Thiyagu , a Medical College Student, leads a gang of four to abduct corrupt politicians and bureaucrats who use the loophole in law to enjoy their prison term in hospitals or guest houses. Deiva , a school girl and daughter of Sandana pandian , a police officer on the trail of the mysterious gang, has a crush on Thiyagu. She is not aware of his real identity. The reason for Thiyagu to take up illegal activities is out of frustration. His collegemate Kavitha  commits suicide when she doesn't get any support from him in her effort to expose a drug sale racket in the medical college. This shocked him and spurred him into taking law into his own hands. Nabbed by Sandana pandian and hauled before the special court, Thiyagu reveals the crimes committed by those he had kidnapped. He offers to free them if they are sentenced to life imprisonment. When the judges refuses, the public storm the court. In the melee, Sandana pandian lets the gang members go scot free along with his daughter."] ["In the mid-1870s, outlaws Jesse James, Cole Younger and their brothers are granted amnesty by the Missouri legislature, sympathetic to the troubles created for all citizens by the Civil War. The bankers victimized by the James and Younger gangs are vehemently opposed to this action and hire a Pinkerton agent to follow the outlaws' every move. Younger has put aside plans to rob a bank in Northfield, Minnesota, said to be the largest west of the Mississippi River. The job appeals, however, to Jesse and Frank James, who have no intention of changing the way they make a living. Cole is ambushed by the Pinkerton's agent men, who use a prostitute as bait. And when the bankers succeed in overturning the amnesty by bribing the politicians, Cole travels by train to Minnesota to check out the bank. Once there, Cole discovers that townspeople are unwilling to risk placing their money in the bank due to concerns over its safety from thieves. Jesse, Frank, and their men arrive on horseback and, together with Cole, persuade the locals that a gold shipment is on its way, being delivered to the bank because it is supposed to be the safest possible place for it. Once the citizens begin banking their money, the robbery commences. Many things go wrong though, including one outlaw being locked inside a vault. Younger and his men flee to a nearby farm, but a posse tracks and apprehends them. The James brothers get away. But, when Jesse mentions to Frank his intention to permit Bob Ford to join the gang back in Missouri, his fate is sealed."] ['In the desert, Woody Woodpecker, riding a horse, is gaily strumming a guitar and singing a song of loot long lost. Only he has the map of its location. Woody enters the ghost town of Paradise, dismounts and studies the map. "X" marks the spot in the Snake-Eye Saloon, where the loot is hidden under the floor. Unbeknown to Woody, foul villain Dapper Dan Dooley, hiding in a barrel behind him, sees the map over his shoulder. Woody enters the saloon, closely followed by Dooley. Woody locates the "X" spot and finds a strongbox. Dooley grabs and opens the box, and he has his nose caught in a mousetrap. Woody recaptures the box and runs with it, only to lose it to Dooley again when Woody runs into a closed door. The box changes hands many times as Woody and Dooley, in a battle of wits and trickery, fight for its possession. Finally, Woody gains permanent possession of the box when Dooley, on a small wooden horse with a large rocket attached to its pole, is shot into space as both Woody and the horse give the famous Woody laugh.'] ['In 1963, Ennis Del Mar  and Jack Twist  are hired by Joe Aguirre  to herd his sheep through the summer in Wyoming. After a night of heavy drinking, Jack makes a sexual pass at Ennis, who is initially apprehensive but then succumbs to Jack\'s advances. Although he warns Jack that it was a one-time incident, they develop a sexual and emotional relationship. Shortly after learning their summer together is being cut short, they briefly fight, and each is bloodied. After Jack and Ennis part ways, Ennis marries his longtime fiancée Alma Beers  and fathers two children. Jack returns the next summer, but Aguirre, who witnessed Jack and Ennis on the mountain, does not re-hire him. Jack meets, marries and starts a family with rodeo rider Lureen Newsome . After four years, Jack visits Ennis. Upon meeting the two kiss passionately, which Alma accidentally witnesses. Jack broaches the subject of creating a life together on a small ranch, but Ennis, haunted by a childhood memory of the torture and murder of a man suspected of homosexual behavior, refuses. He is also unwilling to abandon his family. Ennis and Jack continue to meet for infrequent fishing trips. The marriages of both men deteriorate. Alma and Ennis eventually divorce. Ennis sees his family regularly until Alma finally reveals her knowledge of the nature of his relationship with Jack by making homophobic remarks which incites a violent argument. Ennis subsequently severs his ties with Alma. Lureen abandons her rodeo days and becomes a businesswoman with her father and expects Jack to work in sales. Hearing about Ennis\'s divorce, Jack drives to Wyoming hoping they can live together, but Ennis refuses to move away from his children. Jack finds solace with male prostitutes in Mexico. Ennis meets and has a brief romantic relationship with a waitress, Cassie Cartwright . Jack and Lureen meet and befriend another couple, Randall and Lashawn Malone, and it is implied that Jack and Randall begin an affair behind their wives\' backs. At the end of a fishing trip, Ennis attempts to push back their next meeting. An argument erupts over Jack\'s frustration at seeing Ennis so infrequently and Ennis blames Jack for being the cause of his own conflicted emotions. Jack attempts to hold him and there is a brief struggle, but they end up locked in an embrace. A flashback of Ennis saying goodbye to Jack during their summer on Brokeback Mountain fades back to Jack watching Ennis drive away. Sometime later, a postcard Ennis sends to Jack is returned stamped "Deceased". In a telephone conversation, Lureen tells Ennis that Jack died when a tire he was changing exploded; while listening, Ennis imagines Jack being beaten to death by a gang. Jack\'s actual fate is left "deliberately ambiguous".{{cite journal}} Lureen tells Ennis that Jack wanted to have his ashes scattered on Brokeback Mountain, but she does not know where it is. Ennis travels to meet with Jack\'s mother and father , where he offers to take Jack\'s ashes – but the father refuses, preferring to have them interred in a family plot. In Jack\'s childhood bedroom, Ennis finds the bloodstained shirt he thought he lost on Brokeback Mountain, realizing that Jack kept it hanging with the bloodstained shirt Jack himself wore during that fight. Ennis holds them up to his face, breathing in their scent and silently weeping. Jack\'s mother allows him to keep the shirts. Later, 19-year-old Alma Jr.  arrives at her father\'s trailer with the news that she is engaged. She asks Ennis for his blessing and invites him to the wedding. Ennis asks her if her fiancé really loves her, and she answers "yes". After Alma\'s departure, Ennis goes to his closet. Hanging on a nail pounded into the door are the shirts, with a postcard of Brokeback Mountain tacked above. Now Jack\'s shirt is tucked inside of Ennis\'s. Ennis fastens the top button of Jack\'s shirt, and with tears in his eyes mutters, "Jack, I swear..." while straightening the postcard, before closing the door and walking away.'] ["After being falsely accused of his brother Harry's murder Carl Pearson escapes from prison with the aid of another prisoner Duke Williams. Meanwhile wealthy aircraft manufacturer Roger Morgan makes plans to adopt Harry's son Bobby who is currently in the care of Ruth Adams, who is also Carl's fiancee. With his father dead young Bobby is the legal owner of valuable aircraft plans that Morgan wants to acquire. Carl's son is Johnny who is the owner of Rinty a prize tracking dog. The Police borrow Rinty in order to try to track Carl and Duke; but Rinty is less than cooperative in this effort. After a car accident leaves Ruth temporarily incapacitated, young Bobby wanders off. A canoe rescue and an encounter with a wild cougar follow. Arriving at the Pearson's cabin Carl recovers the plans, but Duke steals them in order to sell them. Eventually everyone else ends up at the cabin and the real killer is revealed. The killer tries to escape followed by Carl and Rinty in a climactic chase."] ["Royal Canadian Mounted Police  Trooper O'Brien assists Kate Owens when her car breaks down. Upon arrival at headquarters, his Inspector-in-charge assigns him to escort Kate to visit her Uncle in Morgan's Post located in the backwoods. As there are no roads to the area the two must travel by horse. O'Brien has two other tasks when he arrives; to discover why RCMP Sergeant Means has not filed a report in months and to investigate the complaint of Poodles Hanneford who alleges that the river going through his property has been blocked off and he has been fired upon when investigating. What begins as a screwball comedy film between the witty Kate and straight laced Mountie takes many unexpected turns when a rider steals Kate's suitcase that contains $20,000 but the rider is found shot to death with the money missing. Upon arrival in Morgan's Post Sgt Means chastises O'Brien for his incompetence and orders him back to headquarters."] ['Cheyenne Harry gets drunk and sells Cactus, his faithful horse . Consumed with regret, he takes a job aboard the ship where Cactus is kept and the two escape in a midnight jump overboard.'] ['Roy is a "Border Inspector" ever on the alert for smuggling silver between Mexico and the United States. Roy\'s Mexican friends have told him that one of their own has important information about a silver mine on the American side of the border, but their contact is shot and killed by the mine guards. Before shooting him they plant a piece of ore containing a high level of silver on his body. The American mine owners say they play rough as there are no towns or law enforcement anywhere near them and their mine is just across the border making it a tempting target for robbers who plan to rob the mine then escape to Mexico. Other events are happening in the area, such as the arrival of Western mystery author Lee Madison who Roy and his friends feel ridicules the West and those who live in it. The gang doesn\'t know that Lee is really a woman, so when Lee becomes aware of their dislike for her writing, she hides under an alias. Lionel Bates arrives from England saying Scotland Yard is on the hunt for an English national named George Wallingford Lancaster. Roy notices the news greatly alarms the dog loving sheriff Cookie Bullfincher.'] ["A con man, a preacher and a prospector meet in the late 1800s and recall the story of a recent scandalous murder. A Southern gentleman, Colonel Wakefield, died and the notorious bandit Juan Carrasco was tried, convicted and condemned. Everyone's account on the witness stand differed dramatically. Carrasco claimed that the husband was tied up with ropes while the wife was assaulted, after which he killed the colonel in a duel. The wife contends that she was the one who killed her husband because he accused her of leading on Carrasco and causing the rape. A third witness, an old Indian, testifies that neither account is true. He insists that the colonel used a jeweled dagger to commit suicide after the incident. It turns out that there was a fourth witness, one with a completely new view of what actually took place, the prospector."] ["Two brothers, Mac  and Dal  Traven, who fought on opposite sides in the Civil War, make their way back to Texas when the war ends. They learn that a band of confederate rebels has kidnapped their two sisters and a brother, as well as Dal's sweetheart . Thus, the chase is on."] ['U.S Marshal Mike Donovan   has dark memories of the death of his first love. He keeps peace between the Americans and the natives who had temporarily adopted and took care of him. The evil actions of Blount, a "white sorcerer" lead him to confront the villain in the Sacred Mountains, and, through shamanic rituals involving native entheogens, conquer his fears and uncover a suppressed memory he would much rather deny.'] ['An outlaw, Roy Bean, rides into a West Texas border town called Vinegaroon by himself. The customers in the saloon beat him, rob him, toss a noose around him and let Bean\'s horse drag him off. A young woman named Maria Elena finds and helps him. Bean promptly returns to town and shoots all those who did him wrong. With no law and order, he appoints himself judge and "the law west of the Pecos" and becomes the townspeople\'s "patrone." Bean renames the saloon The Jersey Lilly and hangs a portrait of a woman he worships but has never met, Lily Langtry, a noted actress and singer of the 1890s. When a band of thieves come to town, Big Bart Jackson and gang members Nick the Grub, Fermel Parlee and Whorehouse Lucky Jim, rather than oppose them, Bean swears them in as lawmen. The new marshals round up other outlaws, then claim their money after Bean sentences them to hang. Dispensing his own kind of frontier justice, Bean lets the marshals hang Sam Dodd and share his money. When a drunk shoots up a saloon, Bean doesn\'t mind, but when Lily\'s portrait is struck by a bullet, the fellow is shot dead on the spot. Prostitutes are sentenced to remain in town and keep the marshals company. Maria Elena is given a place to live and fine clothes ordered from a Sears Roebuck catalog. A mountain man called Grizzly Adams gives her and Bean a bear as a pet. As soon as lawyer Frank Gass shows up claiming the saloon is rightfully his, Bean puts him in a cage with the bear. Bean goes off to San Antonio, leaving a pregnant Maria Elena behind and promising her a music box that plays "The Yellow Rose of Texas." In his absence, Gass and the prostitutes conspire to seize control of the town from the judge\'s hard rule. A dapper Bean tries to see Lily Langtry\'s show, but it is sold out. He is deceived by men who knock him cold and steal his money. Upon his return, Bean finds that Maria Elena is dying following a difficult childbirth. He names the baby Rose after the music box\'s song. He also plans to hang the doctor, but Gass, who has been elected mayor, overrules him. Bean is sorrowful about losing Maria Elena and rides away. Gass brings in hired guns to get rid of Bean\'s marshals. Years go by. Oil rigs have been built around the prospering town. A grown-up Rose is surprised one day to look up and find Bean has returned. A shootout follows, Gass is killed and a fire engulfs the saloon, where the burning roof collapses on Bean. A train pauses by the town, a considerable time later. Out steps Lily Langtry. She is told the story of Judge Roy Bean and his feelings toward her. She concludes that he must have been quite a character.'] ["This version takes a look at the character in the years before he became a legend. It all begins with the introduction of Luke Hartman, a 20-year old Boston law student who witnesses the murder of his brother, a Texas Ranger. He himself is wounded in the midst of the chaos, but is rescued by the Apache Tonto... and subsequently becomes smitten with Tonto's sister Alope. He then devotes his life to avenging the death of his brother and fighting injustice, and in the process becoming a worldwide legend."] ['Dave Harmon , an army officer in the U.S. is sent to Yuma, a lawless city where it must impose order and stop the violence, but there the law is not well received.'] ['The film is based on a short story, "A Man Called Horse", published in 1968 in the book Indian Country by Dorothy M. Johnson. Partially spoken in Sioux, the film tells the history of an English aristocrat, John Morgan, who is captured by a Native American tribe. Initially enslaved and mocked by being treated as the animal of the title, Morgan comes to respect his captors\' culture and gain their respect. He is aided in understanding the Sioux by a captive, Batise, the tribe\'s fool, who had tried to escape and was hamstrung behind one knee. When one of the warriors takes a vow never to retreat in battle, Morgan\'s changing perspective is shown, as he turns angrily on the uncomprehending Batise, telling him "Five years you\'ve lived here, and you\'ve learned nothing about these people – all his death is to you is a means of escape." Determining that his only chance of freedom is to gain the respect of the tribe, he overcomes his repugnance and kills two warriors from another tribe, which allows him to claim warrior status. After his victory, he proposes marriage to one of the women with the horses taken in battle as dowry, and undergoes painful initiation rites, taking the native name "Horse" as his Sioux name. He becomes a respected member of the tribe and ultimately their leader.'] ['Sentenced for a murder he did not commit, John Brant escapes from prison determined to find the real killer he believes his an outlaw in the West. By chance Brant\'s narrow escape from lawmen is witnessed by Joseph Conlon who goes by the name of "Jones". Giving Brant the name of "Smith\' Conlon/Jones gets him into his outlaw gang hiding out in an abandoned mine. Brant attempts to disrupt the outlaw gang\'s robberies and comes closer to finding his man. Yakima Canutt plays the leader of the gang as well as doubling for John Wayne in several stunts.'] ['In the American Old West of 1874, construction on a new railroad led by Lyle  runs into quicksand. The route has to be changed, which will require it to go through Rock Ridge, a frontier town where everyone has the last name of "Johnson" . The conniving State Attorney General Hedley Lamarr  wants to buy the land along the new railroad route cheaply by driving out the townspeople. He sends a gang of thugs, led by his flunky assistant Taggart , to scare them away, prompting the townsfolk to demand that Governor William J. Le Petomane  appoint a new sheriff. The Attorney General persuades the dim-witted Le Petomane to select Bart , a black railroad worker who was about to be hanged.  Lamarr believes a black lawman will so offend the townspeople that they will either abandon Rock Ridge or lynch the new sheriff, with either result paving the way for him to take over the town. With his quick wits and the assistance of drunken gunslinger Jim , also known as "The Waco Kid" ,<ref namehttp://www.garnersclassics.com/qblazing.htm |titleGarnersclassics.com |date2012-11-01}} Bart works to overcome the townsfolk\'s hostile reception. He defeats and befriends Mongo , an immensely strong, slow-thinking  henchman sent by Taggart and Lyle to kill Bart, and then beats German seductress-for-hire Lili von Shtupp  at her own game. Lamarr is furious that his plans keep failing and decides to destroy Rock Ridge with a newly recruited and diverse army of thugs . Bart now has 24 hours to come up with a "brilliant plan to save our town". He gathers the town, along with the railroad workers, 3 miles east of Rock Ridge to build a fake town as a diversion. The workers labor all night to complete their task. The sun rises on a fake town that\'s a perfect replica, down to the orange roof on Howard Johnson\'s outhouse. Bart realizes the town has no people in it, so it won\'t fool Lamarr\'s villains. Bart orders the townspeople to make "exact replicas of themselves," and leaves with Jim and Mongo to execute a plan that will slow the villains "to a crawl". The three construct a tollbooth labeled "Le Petomane Thruway", requiring Taggart\'s crew to pay 10¢ each to pass on their horses.  Since no one in the raiding party carries either any change or the realization that nothing\'s stopping them from simply riding around the tollbooth, Taggarts sends someone back to town to "get a shitload of dimes". Once through the tollbooth, Lamarr\'s villains attack the fake town, which Bart boobytrapped with several dynamite bombs. Bart attempts to set off the bombs but is unsuccessful as the detonator he has won\'t work. Jim is given the task of exploding the bombs; he fires pistol shots into them. After the bombs explode, launching villains skyward, the Rock Ridgers attack the villains. The resulting fight between the townsfolk and Lamarr\'s army of thugs breaks the fourth wall, literally: The fight spills out from the Warner Bros. film lot into a neighboring musical set being directed by Buddy Bizarre , then into the studio commissary, where a pie fight ensues. Taggart is knocked out when Mongo smashes his head on a cash register, and the fight finally pours out into the surrounding streets . The citizens of Rock Ridge chase the villains back to town to destroy them, but Lamarr runs to the theater while Bart and Jim follow him. The film ends with Bart killing Lamarr by shooting him in the groin at the "premiere" of Blazing Saddles outside Grauman\'s Chinese Theatre, saving the town, and joining Jim inside the theatre to view the end of the movie, persuading people of all colors and creeds to live in harmony, before they hand in their horses and ride off  into the sunset.'] ['The Hartford Transcontinental Railroad is attempting to build a railroad through "Hell\'s Gate Pass". However, King Carter, the self-appointed ruler of the land beyod the pass, does not want this to happen. He sends henchmen, including local Indians, to disrupt the construction anyway they can, from sabotage to kidnapping Claire Hartford, the daughter of the company President. The President\'s assistant, Jeff Ramsay, and his sidekicks, stop King Carter\'s schemes at every point and eventually defeat him entirely. This opens the area up to new settlers, the first of which is Jeff himself and his new wife Claire.'] ['The opening prologue explaining the role of the bounty hunter and an ambush by a rifle of a wanted man is very similar to the opening of Sergio Leone\'s For a Few Dollars More. Scott rides into the town of Twin Forks in order to capture unknown criminals that sets the townpeople into paranoia as each person has their own secrets to hide. Randolph Scott plays the title role dressed in black. A lawman without a badge, he explains his occupation as one of wishing to enforce the law but "not wanting to break up fights or throw drunks in jail". When asked by the town sheriff why he became a bounty hunter he counts his cash reward replying "I\'m counting the reasons, and they\'re ten short".p.105 Hughes, Howard Stagecoach to Tombstone: The Filgoer\'s Guide to Great Westerns 2008 I.B Tauris Publishers'] ["In Colorado near the end of the American Civil War, Union Colonel Owen Devereaux  orders his regiment to fire on a detachment of Confederate soldiers, even though he  has seen that they are signaling their surrender with a white flag. Afterward, his best friend and second-in-command, Captain Del Stewart , finds the flag and buries it as a surviving Confederate officer secretly looks on. Immediately after the battle, the war ends. As the soldiers celebrate, Sergeant Jericho Howard  gets drunk while on duty and is insubordinate to Devereaux, who has him arrested. At a ball, the mayor announces Devereaux's appointment as the federal judge for the region. Stewart asks Caroline Emmett  to marry him, but she later marries Devereaux instead. When the Confederate survivor confronts Devereaux about the white flag, Devereaux shoots him, even though the man has already been subdued. Stewart realizes that Devereaux must have seen the flag and concludes that the war has unhinged Devereaux's mind. He agrees to serve as Devereaux's marshal after Devereaux promises not to participate in arrests. Many of Devereaux's men owned mines before the war began, but a wealthy businessman named Big Ed Carter ([[Ray Collins  claimed the mines for himself. As federal judge, Devereaux upholds Carter's claim based on a legal technicality involving the soldiers' absence during the war. Meanwhile, Howard escapes and stages a series of gold robberies. Devereaux's uncle, Doc Merriam , hopes that the end of the war and marriage to Caroline will restore Devereaux's sanity, but Devereaux hangs Howard's partner after a summary trial, prompting several other men to join Howard. Devereaux also threatens to hang Howard's younger brother Johnny  based on circumstantial evidence after another robbery, even though Johnny is not part of his brother's gang. After warning Devereaux not to hang Johnny, Stewart finds Howard and persuades him to turn himself in, but Devereaux hangs Johnny despite Stewart's warning. Stewart resigns in disgust and joins Howard's gang. After Stewart helps to rescue some men from being hanged, Devereaux lures him into town by spreading a rumor that Caroline is in danger, arrests him, and puts him in jail. When Caroline sees this, she breaks into Devereaux's desk and reads his diary, finally realizes that he has lost his mind, and persuades Doc Merriam to rescue Stewart. She begins to put Stewart and Doc Merriam on a carriage to alert the state government of Devereaux's insanity, but Devereaux shoots Stewart, so she joins Stewart and the doctor as they flee to a nearby mining town. Devereaux sets fire to the town. When Carter accuses him of being mad with jealousy over Caroline's loyalty to Stewart, he rides into town, confronts Stewart and Howard, and is killed when a wall from a burning building falls on him. Howard is also killed. Stewart says goodbye to Caroline and others before traveling to Washington DC to plead on behalf of the dispossessed miners."] ["Glenn Kilbourne  returns from the war and travels to Arizona to regain his health. There he is nursed back to health by an Arizona girl, Flo Hutter . Kilbourne's fiancée, Carley Burch , arrives in Arizona but soon becomes disillusioned with life in the West and returns to New York. Sometime later, Flo is seriously injured in an accident. Wanting to repay her for restoring him back to health, Glenn asks her to marry him. On their wedding day, Carley returns to Arizona from New York looking for Glenn. When Flo sees that Glenn and Carley are still in love, she calls off her wedding to Glenn and marries another admirer, Lee Stanton ."] ["In 1870. Ex. Confederate mercenaries and American Civil War veterans Sgt. Will Hansen , Ike , Hank , Jeb , and Billy ([[Peter Ford  have just emigrated from Texas, their home state in the United States, to South America. After their arrival, they are confronted by South American soldiers who ambush them and force them come with them to meet General Martinez, the evil, cold-hearted dictator of their country. They meet Martinez, he gives them a job: to go visit a San Carlos, town where rebel forces are preparing to start a Civil War between them and Martinez army, live amongst the rebels, and report back to him what they know within the next couple days. Will and his men take the job, but Martinez warns them that they'll be severely punished if they fail him. The next day, while on their way to San Carlos, Will's gang runs into a gypsy family who are on their way to the same town. Will escorts them after he and the gypsie's daughter, Mila, both fall in love with each other at first sight. They all ride into San Carlos, meet the governor, and rent a cabin outside the town. Will and Mila sneak out that night and have sex. Mila father is angry when he hears of this and slices her cheek. When Will finds out about what Mila's father has done to her, he shoots him in cold blood. Will and his gang disobey Martinez's orders and don't report back to him. Martinez kidnaps and hangs Will. Will's gang find him and give him a funeral. They vow to avenge their friend's murder. They join the rebels in a battle with Martinez's army and drive them back. They later ambush Martinez and the rest of his surviving soldiers in a canyon, joined by the rebel army's captain. They manage to kill Martinez, but all gunned down by his soldiers, accept for Billy, who was unconscious after falling from his horse. The film ends with Billy riding off into the sunset."] ['A vicious stranger, the "Man from Bodie" , terrorizes the small settlement of Hard Times. He kills the only man who stands up to him, Mr. Fee, and rapes his girl Flo. Before he leaves, he burns down the handful of buildings. Only a few people stay, among them Will Blue . Blue takes in Fee\'s young orphaned son Jimmy ([[Michael Shea  and convinces his woman Molly  to stay there with them. A few other people arrive to town. Zar  and his four saloon girls settle in to serve the nearby miners. Isaac Maple ([[John Anderson  comes looking for his long-gone storekeeper brother, so Blue persuades him to reopen the general store. A drifter, Leo Jenks , also lazes around town. Blue tries hard to build a family and a town, but Molly despises him for not standing up against the Man from Bodie and is obsessed with revenge against him for what he did. They both expect the Man will return in the spring. Molly works on Jenks, a fine shot, and even infects Jimmy with her consuming hatred, getting him a shotgun. Finally, the villain shows up and resumes his terrorizing ways. Molly persuades Jenks to go after him. Jenks ends up killing Zar by mistake and is gunned down. Blue is wounded in the shoulder, but then the Man runs out of bullets and Blue shoots him several times. Blue carries the body home to show Molly. When she gingerly approaches, the dying Man revives and grabs her hand. Her panicked yell for help brings Jimmy running with his shotgun. Blue tries to grab the weapon, but it goes off, hitting the Man in the face killing him, but also hitting Molly in the stomach. Just before she dies, she asks Blue to hold her. Later, from her gravesite, Blue and Jimmy see a growing town.'] ['The film, set just after the U.S. Civil War, begins with an outlaw named Wild Bill ([[Brad Johnson  riding onto an apparent battlefield; he finds an elderly Mexican who, asked what happened, replies "La Serpienta Del Diablo." Bill then walks to a carriage, a woman falls out, a copperhead slithers out, and Bill shoots it with his gun. The Next Day, Bill arrives in a town in New Mexico. He walks into the saloon to get a drink. After he finishes, a cowboy named Jesse  demands a poker game with Bill. Bill tries to tell Jesse that an army of highly aggressive snakes are headed straight for the town. Jesse says that if the snakes do not come they will have a gunfight, which they do. Jesse is shot in the chest. Bill is shot in the arm. Jesse is told to leave, but when he goes to the stable most of the horses are dead from the snakes. The women and children are put into the bank safe for safety. At night the snakes do come and the citizens create a pool to corner the snakes, but, to their horror, the snakes can swim. They then destroy the snakes with dynamite. In the morning, they realize the snakes are juveniles, the mother shows up but she is 20 – 30&nbsp;ft in length. They try to kill the mother with fireplace pokers which prove ineffective. Bill comes up with a way to kill the snake, choke it. When that is unsuccessful Bill shoots the snake in the mouth, and kills it just when the sheriff comes out from their prison and the snake squashes him. The last scene shows Bill riding off west.'] ["Starting a new life in the New World from almost nothing is not easy. The winters and summers are more extreme than in the Old. The immigrants are rewarded for their hard work and now live a better life than they did in Sweden. Bad times also come, however. The Civil War starts and the Sioux Indians make a bloody uprising against the White settlers. Karl-Oskar's family survives all these. His brother, Robert, decides to seek his fortune in the gold fields of California. He never reaches California, but acquires some fortune from his boss who dies of yellow fever on the way to the gold fields. An immigrant Swede dupes him of this fortune. Robert returns to his brother where he dies from a disease contracted on the trip. Kristina, whose thoughts never leave Sweden, gives birth several more times, finally getting pregnant again, against the advice of her doctor. This last pregnancy kills her. The children grow up and take over the farm. Karl-Oskar becomes old and lonely. He spends his last days dreaming of his youth in Sweden."] ['Mine owner William Sharon  keeps having his gold shipments held up by a gang of bandits. Sharon hires banker Charles Crocker , who happens to have connections in the Central Pacific Railroad, to build a spur line from Virginia City to Carson City, so that the gold can be shipped by rail. Silent Jeff Kincaid  is the railroad engineer. However, there is opposition to the railroad, chiefly from another mine owner, Big Jack Davis . He doesn’t own a working mine; he finds it easier to rob from the other owners. Davis is the brains behind the gang holding up Sharon’s shipments. The technique is to hold up the stagecoach and then provide food and champagne for the passengers, who then don’t care that the gold is robbed. Kincaid vows to rid Carson City of the bandits, but they frame him on a murder charge. In the climax, Kincaid has to contend with a suspicious landslide which kills some of his workers, trapping others, and a gold bullion heist.'] ["U.S. Senator William Tadlock is leaving his home in Missouri in 1843, heading west on the Oregon Trail by wagon train. His son and slave come along, with Dick Summers as a hired guide. Joining them on the expedition are farmer Lije Evans, his wife Rebecca and 16-year-old son Brownie. Among others there are also the newlyweds Johnnie and Amanda Mack, plus the Fairman and McBee families. Shy young wife Amanda isn't satisfying his needs, so Johnnie gets drunk and strays with young Mercy McBee. He also shoots at what he drunkenly thinks is a wolf and ends up killing a Sioux chief's son. Tadlock knows that no other form of justice will do for the Indians if the wagon train is to be permitted to go on its way, so he hangs young Johnnie. On the trail, it turns out Mercy is now pregnant as well. Brownie proposes marriage to her. Tadlock's son is killed in a stampede, causing the senator to be so distraught, he asks his slave to take a whip to his back. Lije Evans has seen enough. The last straw comes when Tadlock fakes a smallpox scare to keep soldiers away from the wagons. Tadlock is attacked by Evans, who takes charge of the trek. Nearly to the end, Rebecca Evans shows the others Tadlock's grand plan, just beyond a steep ravine. They treacherously lower possessions, animals and each other down the steep grade to reach their destination. Amanda Mack, however, emotionally destroyed by the loss of Johnnie, cuts a rope and causes Tadlock to plunge to his death."] ['The film starts in the 1940s, during another drought in the sertão, when ranch hand Manuel  is fed up with his situation. His boss tries to cheat him of his earnings and Manuel kills him, fleeing with his wife, Rosa . Now an outlaw, Manuel joins up with a self-proclaimed saint who condones violence  and preaches disturbing doctrines. It is now Rosa who turns to killing and the two are on the move once again. And so it goes, the two running from one allegiance to another, following the words of others as they attempt to find a place in their ruthless land. Blending mysticism, religion, and popular culture in this symbolic and realistic drama, Rocha insists that rather than follow the external and obscure dogmas of culture and religion, man must determine his path by his own voice.'] ['In the 1870s, residents of the garrison at the Fort Humboldt Army outpost are supposedly suffering from a diphtheria epidemic. A train is heading towards the fort filled with reinforcements and medical supplies. There are also civilian passengers on the train – Nevada governor Fairchild  and his mistress Marica , among others. The train stops briefly in Myrtle, where it takes on board a local lawman ([[Ben Johnson  and his prisoner, John Deakin , a notorious outlaw who was identified via a picture in a newspaper article. However, Deakin is actually an undercover federal agent. Deakin, along with his partner, the Reverend, discovers en route that there is no epidemic at the outpost and the "epidemic" is actually a conspiracy between a group of killers and a tribe of Indians. One by one, though, men aboard the train keep dying as it steams toward Breakheart Pass.'] ['The film opens during the American Civil War. Col. Cord McNally  has instructions telegraphed to his close friend, Lt. Forsythe , in charge of the Union troops on a Union army payroll train. However, Confederates led by Capt. Pierre Cordona  and Sgt. Tuscarora Phillips  hijack the train. They have an elegant plan of listening in on the telegraph wires, greasing the tracks to stop the train, disconnecting the payroll wagon from the engine so it would roll back down the hill, using a hornet\'s nest to force the Union guards to jump off the train, then catching the train with many ropes tied to trees. In the process, Lt. Forsythe is fatally injured. In the subsequent fighting, they trick McNally and capture him. But McNally leads them into a Union camp, pushes a branch forward, and lets it swing back to knock Tuscarora off his horse, then yells out to the camp. As the Confederates flee, McNally jumps Cordona. McNally realizes that a traitor must be selling information to the Confederate States of America, in order for the hijackings to be successful. McNally questions the pair, but they give him no information and are imprisoned. When the War ends, McNally visits them as they are being released, and asks them to tell him from whom they got their information. When Tuscarora points out that they were the ones who had killed McNally\'s friends yet McNally has nothing against them, McNally replies that the killing was an act of war, while the one who sold them the information was a traitor. Unfortunately they don\'t know the traitors\' identities, having only seen them from a distance. One was a big, dark-haired, mustachioed man, and the other was very white-haired and pale. McNally then tells Cordona and Tuscarora that if they should ever come across these men again, to contact him through a friend of his, Pat Cronin , who is the sheriff of Blackthorne in Texas. Tuscarora is on his way to Rio Lobo, Texas where he grew up. Later McNally is contacted by Cronin on instructions from Cordona. When he arrives in Blackthorne, however, Cordona is sleeping in a hotel room with a girl. While waiting for him, a woman, Shasta Delaney , arrives, wishing to report a murder that took place in Rio Lobo. Cronin claims that there\'s nothing he can do, because Rio Lobo is outside his jurisdiction. Later a posse from Rio Lobo arrives and wants to take Delaney away. She claims, however, that the leader, "Whitey" , is the murderer about whom she has been talking. When one of the posse aims a gun at Cronin, Shasta shoots Whitey under the table, and Cronin and McNally finish off the posse. As the last one is about to shoot McNally, Cordona appears at the top of the stairs and shoots the gunman. Shasta faints from the shock of killing someone. Cordona tells McNally that Whitey was one of the men for whom McNally was looking. He goes on to tell McNally that Tuscarora had contacted him and had told him that he saw one of the men, for whom McNally is looking in Rio Lobo. He also reports that there is trouble in Rio Lobo and that Tuscarora needs help. His father and other ranchers are being bullied by a man named Ketcham, who installed his sheriff, "Blue Tom" Hendricks ([[Mike Henry , after Hendricks killed the previous incumbent. So McNally, Cordona, and Shasta go to Rio Lobo, where they discover graft and corruption. Hendricks arrests Tuscarora on trumped up charges. For further help, they go to Tuscarora\'s father, Old Man Philips . When the three sneak into Ketcham\'s ranch, McNally learns that Ketcham is really Sergeant Major Ike Gorman , the traitor. McNally punches him around and forces him to sign the title deeds of the ranches back to their rightful owners. Philips then wires the triggers back, forming a dead-man\'s trap, on his double barreled shotgun so they can order Hendricks and his men out of the jail . They take over the town jail for cover, freeing Tuscarora, while Cordona goes for the Cavalry. Meanwhile, Tuscarora\'s girlfriend Maria Carmen  and her friend Amelita  lend assistance. For that, Hendricks slashes Amelita\'s face, and Amelita swears to McNally that she will kill Hendricks. However, Ketcham\'s men capture Cordona. Ketcham\'s gang offers to trade Cardona for Ketcham. In the meantime, word spread of the trade and roughly 20 ranchers  offered to help, knowing that, if McNally failed, the town would have gained nothing from the returned deeds. During the prisoner exchange, Cordona dives from the bridge into the river where Tuscarora was hiding. McNally yells out that Ketcham is now bankrupt, having signed the deeds back, so the furious sheriff guns Ketcham down, and in turn, McNally and the sheriff shoot each other in the leg. After a failed attempt to blow up the cantina McNally\'s force was in, they are outflanked and outgunned by the other ranchers who have come to help. Hendricks\'s men realize that and they flee. Hendricks shoots at them, but he had been using his rifle as a walking cane and it had become clogged with mud, and it explodes in his face. As he stumbles to his horse, Amelita guns him down, thus keeping her word. The film ends with her helping McNally walk.'] ["Matt Brady comes home from World War I to a city where older brother Tim is a political kingpin. Matt meets an old friend, Bob Herrick, but an argument leads to a fistfight. He ends up late for a date with Elsie Reynolds, who is furious. Matt angrily replies that he wants nothing more to do with her. Matt's self-destructive behavior continues at a restaurant, where he intervenes on behalf of a forlorn customer, Lorry Reed, punching a waiter. He not only takes sympathy on her, he impulsively insists they get married. Regretting his actions the next day, Matt's temper again flares when Tim Brady decides to get the marriage annulled. Matt tells him to mind his own business. Minutes later, Tim dies of a heart attack. Years go by. Matt, still in a loveless marriage with Lorry, has followed his brother into politics. His unethical methods include making money on a tip from gangster Johnny Mazia and claiming half the profits of a cement business in exchange for guaranteeing it city projects. Bob has married Elsie, meanwhile, and become Matt's lawyer and insurance commissioner. Matt continues to mistreat Lorry, even giving her a very expensive necklace only to make Elsie envious. A newspaper editor and prosecutor begin investigating Matt, whose net worth also vanishes with the stock market's crash. He goes into business with gangster Johnny, inadvertently becoming an accomplice in a killing spree. An effort to make things right leads to a fight resulting in Johnny's death, but Matt is indicted and shocked when Bob testifies against him. Lorry leaves, telling Matt how he deluded himself that he had even one friend. Matt ends up by himself, behind bars."] ['In 1867, John O\'Hanlan  and Harley Sullivan  are aging cowboys working on open cattle ranges in Texas. O\'Hanlan gets a letter from an attorney in Cheyenne, Wyoming, that his disreputable and now deceased brother, DJ, left him something called The Cheyenne Social Club in his will. After they make the 1,000 mile  trek to Cheyenne, O\'Hanlan and Sullivan learn that The Cheyenne Social Club is a high-class brothel next to the railroad. O\'Hanlan\'s new-found status as a man of property makes him the most popular man in town, until he decides to turn the Club into a respectable boarding house. The ladies of the Club hunker down, and show no sign of leaving. John gets into a bar-room brawl with several men who are equally angry at the prospect of the Club closing. John then learns from DJ\'s lawyer that DJ had made a deal with the railroad: if the ladies leave the Club, the land the Club is on will revert back to the railroad. John returns to the Club to discover that Jenny, the head girl , has been assaulted by a man named Corey Bannister. John, with Harley following along, arms himself and goes to the bar where Bannister is. John kills Bannister when Bannister mistakes Harley\'s cracking pecans for a second gun. "Just like DJ would have done" the barkeeper intones of John\'s heroics. The Sheriff advises John and Harley that Bannister\'s relatives are sure to head for Cheyenne once they learn of Bannister\'s death. He says he would like to stay and help John and Harley face down the Bannisters, but has to leave town on business. Harley heeds the Sheriff\'s warning and leaves for Texas in spite of John\'s pleads to stay. En route, Harley meets several men at a campfire. While engaging in conversation with the men, Harley discovers they are the Bannisters. He gets on his horse and rides on. The Bannisters show up at the Club and a gunfight ensues. John, with help from Jenny, kills two Bannisters from the window. A third Bannister enters the house through a back door and is killed by Jenny. Harley, who has returned, kills the fourth Bannister after climbing the railroad water tower. John yells, "Is that you Harley?" The head Bannister hears this and remembers Harley as the man who approached them at the campfire. He shoots at Harley, but is gunned down by John. The sixth Bannister runs away. John and Harley are feted at the bar which had formerly shunned them. The Sheriff congratulates them and then tells them 20 to 30 of the Bannisters cousins, the Markstones, are heading to Cheyenne. He says he would like to stay and help John and Harley face the Markstones, but has to leave town again on business. This time, John decides to leave and he has DJ\'s lawyer transfer ownership of the Club to Jenny. Months later, while working cattle on the range in Texas, John receives a letter from Jenny. He is touched by it, but tosses it into the fire before him. Harley is upset John has destroyed the letter because he wanted to read it. They then ride off together, arguing.'] ["Jesse James  and his friends - brother Frank , brothers Cole  and Jim Younger , plus Kit Dalton  - arrive in Lawrence, Kansas, and are falsely accused of being members of Quantrill's Raiders. They are about to be lynched but are saved by the intervention of a Union officer. The men are released and they go on and join Quantrill . Jesse at first admires Quantrill but comes to question his devotion after seeing atrocities committed by the man and his troops. He also falls for Kate Clarke . The raiders take part in the Lawrence Massacre in which Jesse and his men rob their first bank. Most of the raiders abandon Quantrill except for Jesse. Quantrill is blinded then killed in a shoot out with Union troops. Jesse leaves Kate and heads off with his friends to a in bank robbing."] ['Logan Keliher, a retired Ranger, meets up with an old friend, Sam Ward, who has turned outlaw and is angry at Keliher for marrying his former wife. Ward and his gang rob a bank and Keliher goes to track him down.'] ["Red Doc, a man that claims he can take on anyone and anything, arrives in town looking for more booze and more action. Madame Lorraine spots him, and after inviting him upstairs, kills him and has two of her henchmen dispose of the body. The next day, Jonah Hex arrives in town, looking to pick up a $5000 bounty on Red. After taking on a young man who taunts him, Jonah learns from a bar girl about Madame Lorraine, who goes after the men with money. Paying the girl off, Hex buys drinks for the entire saloon, getting Lorraine's attention and joining her upstairs. However, Hex manages to avoid her shot and knocks her out, then proceeds to kill her henchmen. Stepping out of the room, he is shot at by the bartender, whom he kills. He then demands that Lorraine tell him where Red is. Lorraine takes him to an old mine, and shows him a dark hole that leads to a caved in lower shaft. She and Hex journey down, and it is revealed that Lorraine has murdered at least fifteen men. Grabbing a knife, Lorraine tries once more to kill Hex, who punches her and secures Red's body. Lorraine comes to just as Hex reaches the top and kicks down the rope. Lorraine first pleads that they can be partners, then tells Hex he can't leave her. Hex says she has plenty of companions, then departs. Lorraine trembles as she stares at the dead bodies, the only lamp in the shaft slowly going out, leaving her trapped in the dark."] ['A rustler  flees to New York City, where he reforms himself and marries a dance hall girl . When he returns to the west with his wife, he is almost lynched for his past crimes, but he is pardoned when he promises that he is reformed.Robert B. Connelly . The silents: Silent feature films, 1910-36, Volume 40, Issue 2. December Press, ISBN 978-0-913204-36-8'] ['In 1864 during the American Civil War, Texan Lt. Frank Hewitt  is serving with the U.S. Cavalry under Colonel John Chivington. On patrol, Hewitt meets a group of Indians who are unarmed and returning to the Sand Creek reservation which they were not supposed to leave. While briefing Col. Chivington, the Colonel orders the Sand Creek Massacre. Hewitt not only disagrees with the punishment of the Indians, but realizes they will use the attack as an excuse to unite and spread terror throughout the Southwest, including his own hometown in Texas which has been emptied of the majority of its menfolk who are fighting for the Confederacy. Colonel Chivington sees Indian attacks on Texas as a bonus to create havoc in the Confederacy. Violently objecting, Hewitt is placed under arrest and confined to quarters. Hewitt  deserts to warn the Texans but is hated and ignored as a traitor by his now confederate and former neighbours who despise him for serving with the Union. No one believes him until he brings home the dead body of a woman murdered by Comanches who have joined the uprising. Hewitt organizes a petticoat brigade of women training them in marksmanship and combat tactics. Armed and given military ranks, Hewitt and the ladies seize the day and hold onto the only safety they have in an abandoned mission . Hewitt, the "blue belly traitor", and the confederate petticoat brigade face desertion from the only remaining man and fight off scavengers and Comanches as they struggle to build trust and work together during the onslaught of blood thirsty killers. As the final gun fight is over Hewitt and his greatest female critic fall in star-crossed-love left over from childhood memories. But Hewitt cannot reciprocate because as an honorable soldier he must return to his post at Sand Creek and face charges for desertion. Col. Chivington\'s Commanding General happened to enter the trial room in the final hour as the Hewitt is being renounced as a deserter and a liar about a most fantastic story of helping to rescue the women in Texas and training them to fight off Commanches. As the guilty sentence and execution is about to be pronounced the female confederates return the favor marching armed into the trial to stop the proceeding. The Commanding General in amorous good will orders a surrender to the armed ladies who have saved the day proving Hewitt\'s trustworthiness. Hewitt\'s testimony snares Col. Chivington  and his hopes in his new found confederate love are restored.'] ["In the same tradition as The White Sun of the Desert and The Bodyguard, The Seventh Bullet is set after the Russian Civil War which ended in the 1920s when Soviet power established itself in Central Asia in the wake of the Basmachi rebellion. Despite this slight shift in emphasis and a post-war setting, The Seventh Bullet is closer to a typical war film than other Red Westerns because of a prominence of tactical resourcefulness in the development of the plot. Although of course this is a staple of many American Westerns from John Ford's cavalry series to the many Apache war films. Despite the restoration of Soviet power in the area, Basmachis continue to arrive from across the border, bringing death and destruction to peaceful villages. One of the bands of rebels is led by Khairulla who is pitted against the militsiya  leader Maxumov. At first it seems hopeless for Maxumov as the rebels capture most of his men, winning them over to his side. He has only one strategy left; to give himself up, and try to explain to the people that Khairulla has deceived them, turning the soldiers back to revolution. Later in pursuit of his enemy, he chases Khairulla across a river. He has only one bullet left—the seventh, and he must not miss his target!"] ["Confidence man S. Quentin Quale  heads west to find his fortune. En route, he meets the crafty but simple brothers Joseph  and Rusty Panello  in a train station, where they manage to steal his money. Quale soon learns the Panellos are also heading west because they have been told one can just pick the gold off the ground. Once there, they befriend an old miner named Dan Wilson  whose property, Dead Man's Gulch, has no gold. They loan him their last ten dollars so he can go start life anew, and he gives them the deed to the Gulch as collateral. Unbeknownst to Wilson, the son of his longtime rival, Terry Turner ([[John Carroll  has contacted the railway to arrange for them to build through the land, making the deed holder rich."] ["A country boy, Jim Conroy , is leaving a dissolute life in the city, running around with vamp Helen Ross . When his father cuts him off he is dumped by Helen and returns to the bush. He works for a corrupt squatter, Stingey Smith , and falls in love with Kitty Carewe , daughter of John Carewe , the squatter next door. John is impressed with Jim's skill in a horse and invites him to train his finest horse, Swagman, hoping to win enough prize money to save his farm. A jealous farm hand plots with Smith to fix the race so that the latter can take over the Carewe farm, letting Swagman go and run with the brumbies. However Jim rescues the horse and rides it to victory. Smith frames Jim for theft but he is proved innocent and Jim marries Kitty."] ["After her family's mansion is burned down by Yankee soldiers for hiding the rebel leader Captain Sam Starr  Belle Shirley  vows to take revenge. Breaking Starr out of prison, she joins his small guerrilla group for a series of raids on banks and railroads, carpetbaggers and enemy troops. Belle's bravado during the attacks earns her a reputation amongst the locals as well as the love of Starr himself. The pair get married, but their relationship starts to break down when Sam Starr lets a couple of psychotic rebels into the gang, leaving Belle to wonder if he really cares about the Southern cause."] ['The cartoon begins as a wolf howls from a mountain top, under a full moon. He takes a deep breath as his body inflates to accommodate extra air and releases another howl. Next, Bosko is seen riding a horse, playing a banjo and singing the cowboy song, "When the Bloom is on the Sage". His horse seems unable to go over a rock along their path and Bosko is forced to climb down and push him over it before they can continue on their way. The scene then shows the following words against a black background as the music switches to a piano rendition of "She\'ll be coming round the mountain".  Red Gulch ~ where men are men, &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;nine times out of ten ~  The view is next of a road outside a saloon and shadows in the window indicate that the patrons are having a good time. A small gun chase takes place and a passer-by is whacked on the head with what looks like a bottle of beer. Next, a really tall cowboy walks down the road but has the middle of his body shot out by the patrons. This results in him being reduced to the size of a midget. Bosko arrives and his horse collapses in a heap beside the pavement. Strolling toward the saloon on the opposite side of the road, Bosko throws open the doors and yells &#34;Howdy&#34; only to be greeted by a volley of gunshots. The patrons yell &#34;Hi Bosko&#34; in return as Bosko laughs uneasily. He then picks up his bullet ridden hat and walks inside where a three-piece band, comprising banjo, violin and piano, is playing &#34;She&#39;ll be coming round the mountain&#34;. Bosko starts to tap dance whilst some onlookers sway to the beat. The piano player thumps hard on the keys which makes a mug of beer fly through the air and empty the contents into his open mouth. He gulps it down and is suddenly consumed by flames that spread upwards from his feet. This results in his clothes being burnt off, exposing bloomers. He puckers a suddenly lipsticked mouth, crosses his knees in a shyly feminine fashion and walks away seductively. Bosko steps up to the piano and starts to play, rocking his stool in tune to the music. Next, four cards are seen held in someone&#39;s hand: a King, Jack, Queen and Joker. They sing a little ditty but the person holding the cards soon shoots the Joker putting an end to their performance. Bosko is shown still playing the piano whilst the other patrons gather in a circle and start dancing. The scene then cuts to show the following words The Deadwood stage &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  Honey  is in a carriage that is hurtling down the highway with a big trunk on the roof. The ride is quite bumpy so Honey gets thrown around her seat a bit and exhorts the driver to be careful. A group of highwaymen are also on the move and one of them creep along behind a cliff to look for potential prey. He spots Honey&#39;s carriage and hastens back to his cronies who follow his lead. He then positions himself alongside the path of Honey&#39;s carriage and aims his guns. However, the carriage hurtles past at such a fast pace that the gunmen gets twisted around himself. Having unravelled he gets on his horse and gives chase along with his gang, all of them shooting non-stop. Eventually, the trunk on the roof of the carriage falls out and the clothes get out and start running away to avoid the hailstorm of bullets. A corset is seen literally &#39;flying&#39; away. Inside the carriage Honey is getting thrown about violently as the driver is flung off his perch and lands on a tall cactus. He slides down wincing as hundreds of thorns break off and lands on a skeleton of a bull. The skeleton suddenly comes to life and goes off at a gallop whilst the rider hangs on for dear life. Back at the saloon, Bosko is still playing the piano when the driver stumbles in and relays the news. He then deflates and collapses dramatically into his pants as his hand grabs a mug of beer and pours it in after himself. Bosko gets on his horse and gallops away to the rescue, the horse leaping noticeably effortlessly over the rocks he seemed to have trouble with earlier. The bandits are still chasing the carriage and Honey leans out of a window and implores Bosko to save her. As Bosko continues to gallop after the run away carriage the scene pans out to show Hugh Harman, Rudolf Ising and one other person watching the cartoon and adding sound effects. They discuss how they can get Bosko to save the girl, when someone says &#34;Let&#39;s go home&#34;. This prompts everyone to exit, leaving Bosko in the lurch.'] ['Aging town constable Bob Valdez  is tricked into killing an innocent man by powerful rancher Frank Tanner , whose hired gun R.L. Davis  shot up the hovel where the wrongly accused man and his Indian wife were trapped. Valdez believes it would be a fair gesture to raise $200 for the widow, $100 from Tanner and the rest from others in town. Tanner is livid at the old man\'s suggestion. He orders ranch hand El Segundo  and his men to tie Valdez to a heavy wooden cross and drive him into the desert. The central pole is so long that Valdez must walk bent over. He finds an oasis blocked by two trees that he repeatedly tries to ram with the ends of the cross. When it finally breaks, the jagged ends are driven into Valdez\'s back. Davis finds him and cuts the ropes. The badly injured Valdez is able to crawl to the ranch of his friend Diego , where he is nursed back to health. Unfortunately for Tanner, he has picked on the wrong man -- Valdez is a wily, experienced Indian fighter and a marksman with a rifle. He dons his old cavalry uniform and sends Tanner a message via one of the rancher\'s wounded men: "Valdez is coming." Valdez sneaks into the compound and, during the ensuing gun battle and his escape, kidnaps Tanner\'s woman, Gay Erin , for whose favors it is rumored that Tanner had her husband killed. With her in restraints, Valdez proceeds to systematically do away with the men Tanner sends after him with his long-range Sharps rifle. The only one he shows mercy to is Davis, after the gunman screams, "I cut you loose! I cut you loose!" Now he has two hostages. While hiding from Tanner\'s posse, Valdez is informed by Gay Erin that it was she who killed her own husband in order to be with Tanner, not the other way around. He sets her free, but by now Tanner\'s woman is sympathetic to his cause. Valdez is finally surrounded and captured. Tanner and his men ride up. The men are ordered to shoot, but R.L. Davis begs off, and El Segundo calls his men aside, refusing to obey orders. That leaves Tanner to do his own dirty work -- if he can. Tanner turns out to be a coward one-on-one. Valdez tells him he should have paid the $100.'] ['Shifting periodically between two parallel stories, Dust opens in present-day New York City with a young criminal, Edge , being confronted at gunpoint by an ailing old woman, Angela , whose apartment he is attempting to burglarize. While he awaits an opportunity to escape, she launches into a tale about two outlaw brothers, at the turn of the 20th century, who travel to Ottoman-controlled Macedonia. The two brothers have transient ill will between them, and they become estranged when confronted with a beautiful woman, Lilith . In the New York storyline, Edge hunts for Angela\'s gold to pay back a debt, and gradually grows closer to her. In the Macedonian story, the brothers end up fighting for opposite sides of a revolution, with the religious Elijah  taking up sides with the Ottoman sultan and gunslinger Luke  joining "the Teacher" , a Macedonian rebel.'] ["Rancher Tim Clark borrows money from Bob Russell, who then rustles Clark's cattle so he will be unable to repay the money. Thus Russell is able to cheat Clark out of his ranch. Clark becomes a prospector for silver and ultimately comes to settle accounts with Russell and crooked deputy Bendix."] ['A town in Wyoming is up in arms. Somebody has shot the sheriff, Billy Kelly, and things are so bad that preacher Sam Stone and businessman George Gates implore the mayor, Ned West, to bring in outside help. They arrange for a gunfighter called "Waco" to be pardoned by the governor and sprung from jail. Waco rides to town and immediately cleans it up, defying boss Joe Gore by becoming sheriff, firing the deputy and bringing in old partner Ace Ross to be by his side. Preacher Stone is happy but wife Jill is not. She used to be involved with Waco, who isn\'t going to like it that she got married while he was behind bars. Also unhappy is rancher Ma Jenner, whose boys Ike and Pete seek revenge on her behalf because Waco killed their brother. And mayor West has troubles of his own because of an attack on his daughter Patricia. It all comes down to a gunfight. Waco is outnumbered, particularly after Ace chickens out and abandons him, but the mayor and preacher come to his aid. Gore and the Jenners end up dead, but so does Stone, which means Jill and Waco can be together again.'] ["Montana is on the brink of statehood, but in need of law and order. John Malvin witnesses the murder of a miner and his son by men who turn out to be Yeager, Ives and Gimp. He learns later that Ives is a deputy to the sheriff, Henry Plummer. What he doesn't know is that Plummer is secretly behind these and other recent murders. Malvin accepts a job as Plummer's deputy. He also meets and falls in love with Clair Enoch, the daughter of Possum Enoch, who runs the stage relay depot. Plummer gets rid of Yeager, then asks Malvin to take his place guarding businessman Jason Waterman's money shipment on the stage. Clair and Possum warn him that bandits will attack the stage. Malvin is angered by suggestions that Plummer's behind all this. When the crimes continue, Clair organizes a vigilante group. Malvin remains against them until Plummer's attempt to kill Clair provides conclusive proof. He confronts the sheriff and places him under arrest."] ["John Vickers has spent eight years hunting for the three men who murdered the woman he loved. He finds one, Woodson, and kills him in a gunfight, but not before learning that the other two men have joined the U.S. Cavalry. En route to North Dakota, where Vickers plans to join the men under the command of George Armstrong Custer to continue his search, he sees a sergeant named O'Hara physically manhandling a woman. Molly Quade is grateful for his intervention, but O'Hara gets even when Vickers ends up serving under him at the fort, giving him the most unpleasant duties. Molly has come to the fort to help her father Sam Quade run a general store. He is opposed to her attraction to Vickers. On an assignment, soldiers are badly outnumbered by a band of Sioux until being rescued by Custer and his troops. Vickers is recognized by Custer as a former Union officer and is promoted to first sergeant. O'Hara realizes that Vickers suspects him to be one of the killers of his fiancee. An ambush attempt fails, so he deserts the Army and flees. A wagon train is formed to evacuate civilians while Custer prepares to do battle at Little Big Horn, but along the way, Molly, her father and Vickers are taken captive. O'Hara is a prisoner, too, and when he learns Custer's men will be hopelessly outnumbered and slaughtered, he tries to go warn the general and sacrifices his own life, distracting the Sioux until the others can escape. Molly becomes aware that Sam, her father, is the third killer Vickers has been seeking. Before she can persuade Vickers not to kill him, Sam rides off to warn Custer, which will certainly lead to his own death."] [' The Cisco Kid and his English sidekick Pancho were used to riding around Mexico and dealing with injustice. In this film they inspire Mexican peasants to oust imperial French settlers.'] ['Wandering lawman Michael Wyatt rides into a lawless town and runs into conflict with the local boss, Doc Warren.'] ['A young farmer and a bible-quoting runaway slave team up to track down the legendary Confederate guerrilla William Quantrill. Along the way they run into a legendary gunfighter, J.R. Swackhammer, who teaches the young farmer how to shoot and gives him a special gun that shoots seven rounds, the seventh which he must use to fight evil.'] ['Peter "Painless" Potter  is a dentist of doubtful competence. Out west, after the partner of Calamity Jane  is killed while trying to discover who\'s been illegally selling guns to Indians, the cowardly Painless ends up married to Jane, who needs to keep her true identity a secret. One day while protecting everyone during a holdup, Jane gives all the credit to Painless, who becomes the townsfolk\'s "brave" new hero.'] ['Sugar Creek follows Adam Stanton as he awakes, alone in a field and without his shoes. Setting out in search of help he finds the local townspeople to be afraid of him.'] ["1883. Clay, a gunfighter going blind, escapes from Drunner Labor Camp determined to prove his innocence - he has been framed by Fox, now his successor as sheriff of Mesa Encantada. Fox has susbsequently been hired by the townspeople to protect them from Ortiz' bandits; instead, he now runs a protection racket. The town continues to be terrorized by Ortiz, who tries to hire Clay to kill Fox. But Ortiz's mistress Estella turns him against Clay and enables Fox to ambush the pair of them. Fox kills Ortiz, plans to ditch Estella. She helps Clay escape and, despite losing his sight, manages to decimate Fox's gang. He kills Fox, and saves his own daughter, Nancy. (Various VHS and DVD versions end with Clay lying apparently dead in the street, with Nancy at his side. This is a more pessimistic ending, in the style of Corbucci's later masterpieces, Django and The Great Silence. But in the Italian version, there is an afterword in which the Cavalry, having presumably dealt with any surviving malefactors, ride off, and Clay - now wearing glasses - bids goodbye to Nancy and her beau . He then rides off. Corbucci lets Clay reach the horizon, then cuts to a medium shot of Clay taking off his glasses, throwing them in the air, and shooting holes in both lenses. His sight, miraculously, has been completely restored."] ['The film takes place in two parts. The first half resembles a western; albeit a surreal one. The second is a love story of redemption and rebirth.  The first half opens with El Topo  traveling through a desert on horseback with his naked young son. They come across a town whose inhabitants have been slaughtered, and El Topo hunts down and kills the perpetrators and their leader, a fat balding Colonel. El Topo abandons his son to the monks of the settlement\'s mission and rides off with a woman whom the Colonel had kept as a slave. El Topo names the woman Mara, and she convinces him to defeat four great gun masters to become the greatest gunman in the land. Each gun master represents a particular religion or philosophy, and El Topo learns from each of them before instigating a duel. El Topo is victorious each time, not through superior skill but through trickery or luck. After the first duel, a black-clad woman with a male voice finds the couple and guides them to the remaining gun masters. As he kills each master, El Topo has increasing doubts about his mission, but Mara persuades him to continue. Having killed all four, El Topo is ridden with guilt, destroys his own gun and revisits the places where he killed those masters, finding their graves swarming with bees. The unnamed woman confronts El Topo and shoots him multiple times in the manner of stigmata. Mara then betrays him and rides off with the woman, while El Topo collapses and is carried away by a group of dwarves and mutants.  The second half of the film takes place years later. El Topo awakes in a cave, to find that the tribe of deformed outcasts have taken care of him and set him up as a God-like figure, while he has been asleep and meditating on the gun masters\' "four lessons". The outcasts dwell in a system of caves which have been blocked in - the only exit is out of their reach due to their deformities. When El Topo awakes, he is \'born again\' and decides to help the outcasts escape. He is able to reach the exit and together with a dwarf girl who becomes his lover, performs for the depraved cultists of the neighbouring town, to raise money for dynamite. A young monk arrives in the town to be the new priest, but is disgusted by the perverted form of religion the cultists practice. He also discovers that El Topo is his father, who had abandoned him to the mission. He threatens to kill El Topo, but agrees to wait until he has succeeded in freeing the outcasts. With the help of his now pregnant girlfriend and son, El Topo creates a new exit from the cave. The outcasts come streaming out, but as they enter the town they are shot down by the cultists. El Topo helplessly witnesses his community being slaughtered and is shot himself. Ignoring his own wounds he massacres the cultists, then takes an oil lamp and immolates himself. His girlfriend gives birth at the same time as his death, and she and his son make a grave for his remains. This becomes a beehive like the gun masters\' graves. As the film ends, El Topo\'s son, girlfriend and baby ride off on horseback, the son now wearing his father\'s clothes.'] ["The southern army is trying to track down the Yankee army during the civil war. The south is ambushed, but thanks to the sharp-shooting of Frank James  and the distracting and at the same time clever antics of Jesse James , the south manages to pull through. The James brothers, along with their war buddies, the Younger brothers, congratulate themselves, but  are surprised to learn that their army has pulled out, General Lee had surrendered the previous day at Appomattox, and the war is over. The group decides to return home to their families and farms. Things have changed when they get back to Missouri. The town is occupied by the Yankee army, Jesse's childhood friend, Zee , has grown up into a very attractive young woman, and there is a man hanging in the town square, ostensibly for treason against the North. In actuality, those farmers with large amounts of land are being pressured to sell their farms to the railroad company, who are pushing across North America. If they don't sell their land to the well-groomed, suit-wearing Thaddeus Rains,  and his secret-service organizer, Allan Pinkerton  the farmers are burned out of their homes, or killed outright. Frank James finds that the railroad doesn't even need their land -- they're just buying it as cheap as they can get, to push the railroad through. The James and Younger brothers don't want to sell, and Cole Younger  loses his temper when several 'railroad men' approach him about selling, and kills two of them. The army decides to hang him , but his brothers Bob  and Jim Younger , along with Jesse James and Frank James, decide to rescue him, with some help from Zee. During the rescue, Jesse is shot in the shoulder, and has to hide out at Zee's farm. A few weeks later, when Jesse has recovered, the railroad sets fire to the James' home, killing Jesse and Frank's mother . The James and Younger brothers ride out for revenge against the railroad men -- but instead focus on the bank's payroll, reasoning that 'you could kill a hundred railroad men and they won't care', but if they steal the payroll and attack supply trains, the army will sit up and take notice. Dubbing themselves the 'James-Younger' gang, they set out robbing banks, with Pinkerton and Rains struggling to stop them. The impact of the James gang is only increased when they commit the first daylight bank-robbery in history, turning themselves into folk heroes in the process. Eventually, the gang comes to blows over leadership, with Cole Younger feeling that Jesse is getting an overblown ego from the publicity of 'his' gang's activities. Jesse backs down, after a bitter argument, and lets Cole plan and execute a robbery; Cole's chosen target proves to be a trap set by Pinkerton and Rains. Jim Younger is shot and killed, and Jesse and his brother  leave the gang, with Jesse later marrying Zee. The gang doesn't do as well without the James brothers. People don't respect the Younger brothers as much as they did the James-Younger Gang, preferring Jesse's easy-going 'nice guy' personality and his warm, friendly and accommodating manner, which had won the affection of the townsfolk in previous robberies. When Jesse and Zee attempt to start a new life, Pinkerton finds and arrests Jesse. During the train ride to the jail, Jesse is chained in a rear car, but manages to trick one of the deputies into showing his gun, which he uses to escape to the top of the train car. Meanwhile, Zee and the remainder of the Gang shoot a cannon at the locomotive, stopping the train and rescuing Jesse. Confronted in the final moments by the two men he's come to hate, Jesse shoots neither Rains nor Pinkerton, but rather Rains' prized watch, a treasured gift from his father. Pinkerton tells Jesse, through gritted teeth, that he should go to Tennessee, as 'the railroad has no interest in Tennessee', and therefore, neither does Pinkerton ."] ['Placed behind bars during the war, Diego Callahan, also known as "Macho," travels to Texas looking for the man responsible for his imprisonment. He quarrels with a one-armed Army colonel named Mountford and kills him, observed by Alexandra, the officer\'s wife. Vowing vengeance, she immediately puts a $1,000 bounty on Callahan\'s head. Seeking his own kind of revenge, Callahan locates the man he\'s looking for, Duffy, and hangs him from a windmill. Harry Wheeler agrees to hire a team of bounty hunters and give chase. Alexandra also sets out in pursuit, only to have Callahan overpower and rape her. For reasons of her own, the woman now loves Callahan, but it is too late. Wheeler\'s men are determined to collect that reward, and Callahan finds that he can\'t kill them all.'] ["Catherine Ballou , an aspiring schoolteacher, is traveling by train to Wolf City, Wyoming, to visit her rancher father, Frankie Ballou . En route she unwittingly helps accused cattle rustler Clay Boone  elude his captor, the sheriff , when Boone's Uncle Jed , a drunkard disguised as a preacher, distracts the lawman. She reaches the ranch to find that the Wolf City Development Corporation is trying to take the ranch away from her father, whose only defender is an educated Indian, Jackson Two-Bears . Clay and Jed appear and reluctantly offer to help Catherine. She also hires legendary gunfighter Kid Shelleen  to come and help protect her father from fast-drawing Tim Strawn , alias Silvernose, the hired killer who is threatening Frankie. Shelleen arrives, a drunken stumblebum who is literally unable to hit the broad side of a barn when he shoots and whose pants fall down when he draws his gun. Strawn kills Frankie, and when the townspeople refuse to bring him to justice, Catherine becomes a revenge-seeking outlaw known as Cat Ballou. She and her four gang members rob a train carrying the Wolf City payroll, and Shelleen, inspired by his love for Cat , shapes up and kills Strawn. Later he casually reveals that Strawn was his brother. Cat poses as a lady of loose morals and confronts town boss Sir Harry Percival ([[Reginald Denny , owner of the Wolf City Development Corporation. A struggle ensues, Sir Harry is killed, and Cat is sentenced to be hanged on the gallows. Just after the noose is placed around her neck, Uncle Jed  cuts the rope as she falls through the trapdoor. Her gang then spirits her away in a daring rescue."] ['Hud Bannon  is an ambitious, brash, callous and self-centered man whose life fits him like a cheap suit. He has few interests other than enjoying himself and avoiding responsibility. His life is limited to drinking, brawling in bars, joyriding in his sporty pink Cadillac, and sleeping with women . Although his elderly rancher-father Homer  is a deeply principled man, none of his ethics have rubbed off on Hud; he\'s  the spoiled youngest son and baby-brother of Homer\'s eldest son, Norman. Also living at the Bannon Ranch is Hud\'s teenage nephew Lonnie . Lonnie\'s late father was Hud\'s elder brother, Norman, who died in a car wreck as a result of Hud\'s recklessness. Hud wrongly believes that his brother\'s death is the primary cause of Homer\'s anger and resentment toward him. The age difference between Hud and  Norman makes Hud much nearer in age to his nephew Lonnie than he would otherwise be. Throughout the early part of the film, Lonnie is continuously seeking ways to develop a post-childhood brotherly relationship with Hud, looking toward establishing as a young man the kind of personal bonds that can exist between young-adult brothers. Indeed, in the course of the screenplay\'s unfolding of its events, Hud does begin to open up to his nephew. but for reasons that will later be revealed, the transparent falseness of Hud’s opening up to Lonnie only confirms the despicable nature of his character. Hud, in a true act of adult cruelty  comes to recognize Lonnie’s desire for an emotional attachment to him, and tries to use this attraction to gain Lonnie’s support in his moves against Homer. The central challenge in the screenplay’s plot that the Bannons have to confront is the fact that Homer has probably permanently destroyed the ranch’s operational and financial viability through his own acts of carelessness. He buys some cheap Mexican cattle which, unknown to him, are infected with foot-and-mouth disease. He failed to quarantine these animals , though they had been bought from sources both out of the state and out of the country entirely. Homer only calls in Hud after some of the cattle in the herd have simply dropped dead, without obvious cause. Homer alone decided upon what course of action to take and merely wanted Hud to share standing watch over the dead carcasses in shifts until the state veterinarian arrived to formally test them. Hud, who suspects what the problem might be when Homer tells him the origin of the newly bought cattle, recommends they quickly sell them before word gets out. But Homer, ignoring both Hud’s suggestion and the financial consequences to the ranch, does not alter his decision, and he calls in the state veterinarian . The vet immediately issues a legally binding order that the Bannon ranch be quarantined. Thus, no livestock movement to or from the ranch is possible. After the test results come back, the vet orders the entire herd be destroyed and buried on the ranch under state supervision, to quarantine the infection there and to keep it from spreading. Although this will probably bankrupt the Bannons, Homer complies, rather than risk spreading the disease or passing the problem on to unsuspecting buyers. Hud is angry that his inheritance has been eroded; he attempts to have Homer declared legally incompetent, so that he can usurp control of their ranch. In a key scene, Hud takes Lonnie out for a night on the town. They get drunk and triumph in a barroom brawl. Afterwards, back on the ranch, Hud begins to reflect on "old times" when he and Lonnie\'s father used to do the same thing. He briefly lets down his guard about his feelings toward his brother, Norman\'s untimely death, and his father\'s coldness towards him. Homer confronts Hud as they come into the ranch house; he accuses his son of trying to corrupt Lonnie. Most angering of all to Homer is that fact that he clearly sees the cunning, ulterior motive of Hud in his show of personal attention and feigned affection toward Lonnie, in that Hud is trying to use this attraction to gain Lonnie’s support in his moves against Homer. A huge blowup between father and son ensues; Hud accuses Homer of hypocrisy, "quoting Scripture like he wrote it himself" and nursing a hatred for him over Norman\'s death. Homer reveals that his disappointment runs deeper than that and long predated the fatal wreck: "I took that hard, but I buried it!" He is then goaded by Hud into spilling out his deep, visceral disgust for him, saying that Hud cares about no one but himself and is so unethical that he\'s "not fit to live with." Hud says, "My mama loved me, but then she died." Lonnie and Hud are both attracted to the Bannons\' middle-aged housekeeper, Alma ; yet Hud is crude and insulting to her, while Lonnie is protective. Although Hud\'s attraction to her is  somewhat mutual, Alma keeps her distance because she has already been "around the block" with macho womanizers like Hud. In a drunken rage, Hud forces himself upon Alma, and Lonnie comes to her aid. She promptly flees the ranch, disgusted and demoralized at Hud\'s brutishness. After Lonnie drops her off at the bus station, Hud happens by as she is waiting. He apologizes for his drunken assault, but not for his attraction to her. Driving back to the ranch, Lonnie spots his grandfather at the roadside. Homer has fallen from his horse during a survey of the Bannon ranch. Hud pulls up behind Lonnie, and both try to help Homer, but he does not survive. At the very end, Homer accuses Hud of being eager for him to die. Although Lonnie initially idealized Hud for his charm and liveliness, he is repelled by his uncle\'s treatment of Homer and Alma; Lonnie now sees Hud for what he is. After Homer\'s funeral, Lonnie leaves the ranch, not sure if he will ever return. Lonnie tells Hud to put his half of their inheritance in the bank, then walks off. For a moment, Hud feels the emptiness of his life, which he has created by driving everyone who loved him away. But after a swig of beer and a moment\'s thought, he dismisses Lonnie\'s departure with a deprecating wave and a smile of indifference. Hud goes back into the Bannon house alone; the final fade-out shows the window shade\'s pull-ring, swaying to and fro.'] ["Texas Ranger Gene Autry  and cavalry Lieutenant Bob Cameron  are competing for the attentions of Dixie Summerall , the beautiful daughter of Colonel Summerall  at Fort Adobe, Texas. Their romantic aspirations are cut short when an Indian war party threatens to cause trouble. A peace treaty is signed with the help of Duval , the fort's interpreter. Gene and his buddies, Frog Millhouse  and Rufe Jones , suspect that Duval is working with the Indians, and they go to his canteen to investigate. Confronted by the Texas Ranger, Duval tries to kill Gene and a barroom brawl ensues. Afterwards, Gene and his friends are court-martialed for their involvement in the fight. When Gene tries to warn Colonel Summerall and Major Crosby about the interpreter's involvement with the Indians, he is arrested for the murder of a Comanche brave. Known to the Indians as Chief Tavibo, Duval is now free to continue his plot to re-route a supply train so that the Comanches can attack and capture the cavalry's ammunition. After Gene escapes jail, he joins the bloody battle between the cavalry and the Comanches. Soon Frog arrives with the Texas Rangers to win the battle, during which Duval is killed and his true identity is revealed. After peace is restored, Colonel Summerall apologizes to Gene, and Gene wins Dixie as his bride."] ["Confederate veteran O'Meara  refuses to accept defeat following the surrender of General Robert E. Lee at Appomatox. He renounces his family and America, travels west and joins the Native American Sioux tribe, and takes a wife . However, when the US Army build a fort on Sioux lands, O'Meara must make a difficult decision when fighting starts."] ['Windy, a sideshow barker, cheats a group of cowboys out of their pay but is then robbed himself. When the cowboys discover they have been cheated they initially decide to hang him, then decide to make him work off his debt. He falls in love with ranch owner Molly and, when he saves her life after she is bitten by a snake, he wins her heart.<ref name 9501E1D7113AEE32A2575BC1A96E9C946194D6CF THE SCREEN; Triumphant Impudence.]'] ['A dance-hall girl in a wide-open cowtown falls in love with the tough foreman of a cattle ranch. They plan to marry, but they run into more problems than they counted on.'] ['In this western, a Mexican desperado tries to flee his partner, a determined girlfriend, and a US Marshal.<ref nameallmovie.com| workhttp://www.allmovie.com/cg/avg.dll?p1:18330|accessdate=February 12, 2007}}'] ['Mysterious pilot, The Eagle, attempts to sabotage a local company and sends threatening messages via skywriting.'] ["The film's unlikely protagonist is a mild-mannered window peeper named Dead-Eye Dick . Dick spies on a Mexican couple. The husband is very jealous and is about to discover that his wife has a lover when Dick rescues the lover, whose moniker is Mexico Pete . The worldly Pete counsels the shy Dick on his problems approaching women. Dick claims that he's waiting for an Alaskan Eskimo named Nell. Pete and Dick decide to travel to Alaska to find this fantasy woman, and they have several wacky misadventures along the way."] ['Professor Brad Fletcher , a teacher from New England, leaves his job and travels to Texas due to his ill health. After arriving in the west, he ends up taken hostage by a wounded outlaw, Solomon "Beauregard" Bennet . Fletcher helps Bennet regain his health and manages to convince Bennet that he is more valuable to him alive than dead. Through their uneasy friendship, Fletcher takes an interest in the outlaw way of life. Instead of returning home, he decides to join the "Bennet\'s Raiders". Fletcher\'s influence on Bennet soon causes the formerly cold-blooded killer to rethink his violent behaviour, whereas Fletcher\'s transformation from a peaceful professor to a confident and greedy criminal makes him break his own moral codes. Due to his intellect and ambition, Fletcher becomes a key member of the gang and soon challenges Bennet for the leader\'s position. After proving his worth in a duel, Fletcher plans and executes his first bank robbery. After one of the gang members turns out to be Charlie Siringo ([[William Berger , a Pinkerton detective, Fletcher and Bennet find out there is a vigilante group after them.{{cite web}}'] ['In Hollywood in the late 1920s during the waning days of the industry\'s transition to sound film, producer and studio head Alfie Alperin wants to produce a great Western movie about Wyatt Earp. Tom Mix is cast as the great United States Marshal and the real Earp is on set as a technical adviser. But before Earp and Mix can start their movie adventure, they are caught in a real case of murder, prostitution, and corruption. Together they try to straighten out the problems of the missing son of Earp\'s former girlfriend, Christina. But now she is the wife of studio boss Alfie Alperin and he isn\'t amused by Earp\'s investigations. The fact that the young man\'s older sister is dating a notorious mobster and that all three were at the scene of a murder. Soon Earp unveils the true sadistic character of Alfie Alperin and after the death of Christina matters become personal. And the two of them get to fight a real gunfight at a real isolated ranch, with Mix telling Earp "I wish there was a camera here" before drawing a real gun...'] ['A black soldier returns from fighting for the Union in the Civil War only to find out that his mother has been murdered by a gang of white thugs. He becomes a bounty hunter, determined to track down and kill the men who killed his mother.'] ['Set around the capture and escape of Geronimo, a prominent Native American leader of the Chiricahua Apache, the film is a period drama involving a love affair between Lieutenant Parker and Pauline, Major Wilkins’ daughter, and the jealous Captain Gray. Gray secretly releases Geronimo held prisoner at Fort Sill and Parker is dispatched to find Geromino. After succeeding in throwing the blame on Parker, Gray receives orders from Major Wilkins to take both Parker and Geronimo prisoners. Pauline learns of the ruse, however, and while attempting to warn Parker, is captured by Geronimo who also takes Parker prisoner. Parker and Pauline manage to escape. Subduing Captain Gray and his men, Geronimo prepares to execute them. Rescued by Lieutenant Parker, Gray nonetheless has him jailed to face a court-martial but Pauline finally clears Parker of the charges against him.'] ['The further adventures of U.S. Marshal Rooster Cogburn in which he battles injustice in his own unorthodox way while dealing with a teenage girl hellbent on reforming him.'] ["In Reno, Nevada, Roslyn Tabor , a beautiful new divorcée, meets aging cowboy Gay Langland . Guido  and Gay invite Roslyn and her friend Isabelle Steers  to Guido's place in the country to help her forget about the divorce. They arrive at the half-finished house Guido built for his wife, who had died during childbirth. They drink and dance. Roslyn has too much to drink, so Gay drives her home. Eventually, the two move into Guido's half-finished house and start to work on it. One day after breakfast, Gay tells Roslyn how he wishes he were more of a father to his own children, whom he has not seen for some years. Later that afternoon, Roslyn and Gay have a fight when he decides to kill a rabbit that is eating from the vegetable garden they have planted. When Guido and Isabelle show up, Gay suggests rounding up wild mustangs to sell. They go to a local rodeo to hire a third man for the job. Along the way, they meet Perce Howland , a friend of Gay's who is on his way to the rodeo to compete. Gay offers to pay for the broke Perce's entry fee if he helps them with the mustangs afterward. At the rodeo, Roslyn becomes upset when Guido tells her how the horses are made to buck with an irritating flank strap. She declares that all rodeos should be banned. Later, after Perce is thrown by a horse, Roslyn begs him to go to a hospital, but he insists on riding a bull. He gets thrown again, resulting in a head injury. Later, after Roslyn dances with Perce, he passes out in a back alley. When he regains consciousness, he sees her crying over him. He says that he never had anyone cry for him before and that he wished he had a friend to talk to. He tells her how his mother changed after his father died. She gave his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce. A drunken Gay then fetches Roslyn, telling her that he wants her to meet his kids, whom he unexpectedly ran into. But Gay causes a public scene when he discovers his children have not waited around. Later on, during the drive home, a drunken Guido asks if Roslyn has left Gay and offers to take his place. Back at Guido's house, Perce comes to and nearly tears his bandages off, forgetting about his recent injury. Roslyn puts him to bed. She then sits down with Gay. He asks her if a woman like her would ever want to have a child with him. She avoids the issue, and Gay goes to bed. The next day, Gay, Guido and Perce prepare to go after the mustangs. Roslyn reluctantly tags along. After they catch a stallion and four mares, she screams that she hates the men when she learns that the mustangs will be sold for dog food. She then tells Gay she did not know she was falling in love with a killer. He tells her that he did things for her that he never did for any other woman, such as making the house a home and planting the garden. She begs Gay to release the horses. He considers doing it, but when she offers to pay $200, it angers him. Guido tells Roslyn that he would let them go if she would leave Gay for him. She rebuffs him coldly. Perce also asks her if he wants him to set the horses free, but she declines because she thinks it would only start a fight. He frees the stallion anyway. After Gay chases down and subdues the horse all by himself, he lets it go and says he just did not want anybody making up his mind for him. He and Roslyn drive off under the starry night sky. She tells him she would not mind having a baby as long as there was somebody there to make sure the child grew up into a human being."] ["  Brandon deWilde leads a cast lengthy in character actors playing subdued Biarn Turner, a 15-year-old runaway from the Eatondale Orphan Asylum bound for Florida in the pre-World War I time period. He receives a ride into the rural Missouri town of Delphi with rich land-owner Tobias Brown . There, after an episode in the town square involving most of the populace, he meets crusty newspaper man Doyle Magee . Both of these men share an interest in the polite and mature youth; one showing kindness, the other almost outright cruelty. Eventually, both of their reasonings become clear to the lad. At the same time, the whole town of Delphi comes to not only accept Biarn, but to embrace him as one of the town's own and his dream of becoming a farmer. Highlights include a turn of the 19th to 20th century small-town 4th of July celebration with a horse-trotting race and a head-to-head between Magee and Brown."] ['The movie opens in 1932 when World War I veterans are protesting and rallying in Washington D.C. for war bonuses they were promised but never received from the government, a true event known as the Bonus March. The US Cavalry and Infantry are present for crowd control. The mounted cavalry is ordered by Maj. John Hardesty  to present their sabers in order to hold back the protesters. First Sergeant John "Top" Libbey , along with three fellow soldiers, refuse to raise their arms because the demonstrators were men they served with during the war. As a consequence, their military careers are tarnished and they are relegated to duty at a remote post in the American Southwest. Two years later, Lt. Marshall Buxton  arrives at his new post, where it is discovered during his interview with retiring Col. Stuart  that he was assigned because of a fight and that many of the others there are also due to insubordination. Lt. Buxton meets Sergeants Libbey, Quinlain, Mulcahey and Shattuck, who together manage the herd of remounts. Col. Stuart is replaced as post commander by Hardesty, who has been promoted to colonel. Hardesty\'s mission is to aid in the transition to a mechanized army. To accomplish this, the horses at the outpost will have to be destroyed. Buxton is ordered to escort the animals to slaughter. While watching the horses being helplessly shot to death in a mass grave, Lt. Buxton decides, with the concurrence of Libbey and the others, to end the massacre and drive the remaining herd to safety. A manhunt ensues that forces the renegade men and horses north. Along the way, the men get a little help from Retired Col. Stuart in his standing with the War Department and the Colonel\'s daughter , who is a journalist. Many of the horses are lost during the journey, due to exhaustion and injuries. After reaching the Canadian border and making a final run with the horses, the men are granted a pardon by President Roosevelt while dodging a light artillery attack by Hardesty\'s men, who have followed the recreants since their insurrection. Buxton\'s men and the remaining horses are allowed safe passage across the border by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. While Lt. Buxton decides to return to the United States to face charges, the remainder of his group decide to stay in Canada.'] ['{{Plot}} The movie opens with a bank robbery orchestrated by the titanic, towering thief known as Gasback. As a thief, he only pulls off the most difficult heists that offer the biggest rewards. Gasback\'s trio of henchmen, however, are tired from the increasing danger and expense of each successive job and decide to seize the winnings from his latest heist at Macca City, kill Gasback and retire to a life of luxury. When Cain, the leader of the trio goes to fire the killing shot, his gun is mysteriously knocked out of his hand... Vash the Stampede appears from underneath a counter where he had been cowering and immediately throws the thieves off guard with his odd behavior and complaints about ruining his donuts. Gasback attempts to shoot down his former companions as they run away, but Vash manages to throw his aim off and no one is killed. Police begin to circle the building just as it is revealed that Vash is the legendary "Humanoid Typhoon." Gasback is confused why he would want to try to save even robbers and Vash responds in his usual way telling him that it\'s better to be alive. Gasback ultimately escapes the police by using a barrage of explosives for cover, one of which damages the city\'s power Plant. 20 years later the movie picks up with Gasback\'s former henchmen who had been living luxuriously on the money they had stolen. Gasback has taken revenge on one of them, destroying his business and property and leaving him to seek refuge with Cain Kepler. Cain used his portion of the robbery money to repair the city\'s Plant that was damaged by Gasback\'s escape and became Mayor. His vanity culminates in a huge rotating statue in his image built in the center of the city. Fearing Gasback will try to steal it, he insures the statue for $$5 billion double-dollars prompting Milly Thompson and Meryl Stryfe to travel to Macca City to run risk prevention. Vash travels to the city aboard a sand steamer and intervenes in an escalating brawl with some thugs harassing a young woman named Amelia. She is appreciative of Vash\'s assistance, but spurns his over-the-top advances . Amelia is actually a bounty hunter who has traveled to Macca City in anticipation of Gasback\'s appearance. Over the years the thief has accrued a $$300 million double-dollar bounty and Amelia is only one of a great number of bounty hunters gathering to take a shot at bringing the criminal down. Meanwhile, Gasback continues planning his revenge and is ambushed by police who open fire on the bar he is playing poker in and level it to the ground. Gasback is shielded from the gunfire by his bodyguard who turns out to be Nicholas D. Wolfwood. Gasback discovered the priest dying of thirst in the middle of the desert  near a water vending machine that wouldn\'t accept his crumpled bills. Feeling indebted to the thief, Wolfwood agrees to act as his bodyguard, but not actively participate in the robbery against Cain. Vash continues trying to unsuccessfully court Amelia and they end up at dinner with Milly and Meryl. A brawl breaks out and afterward Vash carries the inebriated Amelia back to their hotel. That night Gasback attacks and destroys a factory owned by the second henchmen at a nearby town, leaving him to seek refuge with Cain and word spreads that the rumored attack on Macca City was a hoax. The bounty hunters, including Amelia, begin to leave the city early the next morning just as Gasback arrives. The bounty hunters, most of them nursing hangovers from drinking the night before, offer little resistance and soon Gasback fights his way to Cain\'s doorstep where he is halted by Vash. Wolfwood orders Vash to let Gasback pass and opens fire, distracting him just long enough for the thief to get inside the mansion. With his contract complete, Wolfwood puts his gun away allowing Vash to chase Gasback inside. Gasback confronts Cain just as Vash and Amelia arrive. Vash hopes to defuse the situation while Amelia aims to kill Gasback. Amelia learns that Vash was the one who allowed Gasback to escape from the botched robbery 20 years ago. During Vash\'s interruption Cain manages to escape and once again Vash allows Gasback to leave despite Amelia\'s protests. She tells Vash that because he saved Gasback 20 years ago countless lives were affected by his robberies including her own life and her mother\'s who suffered because of the thief. She swears to chase him down and take revenge. Elsewhere in the city Gasback confronts Cain once again and explains to his betrayer that he\'s not going to kill him, but instead steal everything that belongs to him. Cain had believed the target of the theft was his statue, but in fact the object is far more valuable. Gasback sets off a string of explosions which separate the city\'s Plant from its cradle and the massive light-bulb like Plant rolls through the town past dumbstruck citizens straight to the city\'s main gates where a special getaway vehicle secures the Plant and drives away. Amelia immediately takes a vehicle and chases after Gasback and she is followed by Vash and Wolfwood. She catches up to Gasback and starts shooting coming dangerously close to hitting the Plant. Vash and Wolfwood pull up between them and Vash tries to clam Amelia down, but he is shot by one of Gasback\'s henchmen and falls into a pit of quicksand. Wolfwood leaps in after him to save him, but only manages to pull up Vash\'s sunglasses. They take the sad news back to Milly and Meryl in the now darkened city and Amelia starts to think that she\'s no better than Gasback. The following day Amelia enlists Wolfwood  to help track down Gasback and reclaim the Plant. They attack the thief’s caravan, but are quickly outmaneuvered. Just as one of Gasback\'s men moves to shoot Amelia, the gun is shot out of his hand by Vash, who reappears without a scratch. The bullet that struck him lodged in an extremely tough piece of smoked meat he was carrying in his coat pocket . Gasback then challenges him to a duel and Vash handily defeats him with a shot to the leg and shoulder. Gasback then activates a secret energy-based weapon, but Amelia steps forward and reveals a strange mechanical glove she wears which counters the weapon. Gasback recognizes the glove immediately as something he made for his wife, Amelia\'s mother. Amelia explains she was born shortly after Gasback left home to commit another robbery. The thief left his wife well-provisioned, but rival thieves came and stole almost everything they owned and none of their neighbors would help the family of the notorious criminal Gasback and not even doctors would help when Amelia\'s mother lay dying. Amelia holds the gun on him, but ultimately decides to spare his life having adopted Vash\'s outlook. A disheveled Cain arrives on the scene with a gaudy missile bearing his face which Wolfwood dispatches with a single shot from his Cross Punisher. Gasback, his henchmen and his former henchmen including Cain are all taken into custody and Amelia is last shown following the police caravan from a distance before driving off. Vash and Wolfwood discuss the events of the last few days, including the coincidence that Amelia wouldn\'t have been born if Vash hadn\'t save Gasback 20 years ago, as they leave the city. The movie ends with a newspaper clipping which blows past with the headline that the Dodongo Brothers have escaped prison. Wolfwood interprets Vash’s silent detachment as a sign that the legendary outlaw has something to do with the Brothers as well…'] ['The story begins as the US Army 10th Cavalry Buffalo Soldiers led by Jesse Lee (Mario Van Peebles are fighting in the Spanish-American War in 19th Century Cuba. As they are barely holding their own against constant attacks from enemy troops, Jesse Lee runs back to the command post of the corrupt and racist Colonel Graham  to request that the 10th Cavalry be allowed to pull back. Colonel Graham orders Lee to shoot a deserter in exchange for allowing the 10th to retreat. Unable to kill a man in cold blood, Jesse Lee demonstrates excellent marksmanship by shooting the man\'s cigar from his mouth. Colonel Graham then kills the deserter, and offers another prisoner called Little J , Jesse Lee\'s command of the 10th . Graham then orders the 10th to fall back in order to begin another mission, one in which they will be required to wear civilian clothing, as opposed to their Cavalry uniforms. They\'ve been ordered to rob a Spanish gold shipment, which is a setup to give the Colonel an excuse to execute the entire 10th Cavalry as deserters. As he meets them with his own cavalry force, his aide Wheezie causes a distraction, allowing the 10th to shoot the Colonel and his cavalry down. With Colonel Graham and his troops supposedly dead, the remnants of the 10th led by Jesse Lee travel to New Orleans where Little J meets a gambler named Father Time  and they begin playing poker, at which point Time is caught cheating. Little J helps the gambler escape and they go back to the hotel room where the others are hiding at telling them "We were never here" in fear that the vengeful gamblers might come for them. Doing just as J feared, the gamblers come in search of him and Father Time, only to be shot in the back by none other than the late Colonel Graham and more US troops. Angel is killed in the firefight while Little J, Father Time and the others barely escape. They meet up with Jesse who had left earlier to finish some business in a town out West. The newly formed Posse heads West with Colonel Graham on their heels every step of the way. They stop in a town in between where Jesse has ammunition custom made out of gold in order to kill the demons of his past, using one to kill the man who made the ammunition, as he was one of the men who had lynched Jesse\'s father years before. Father Time later explains that the Voodoo ladies in New Orleans believe that gold is the only way to kill a demon. They make their way to Freemanville, a town made up entirely of African-Americans. Carver\'s deputy goes to cutterstown, not wanting to tip anyone off they are working together, he wonders why he is there. He is there to inform Bates that Jessie Lee is in Freemanville. They stay awhile until the Sherrif of a nearby town, Bates, threatens the Carver, Sheriff of Freemanville that the town will burn unless Jesse Lee is turned over to him and his deputies. Sheriff Bates and several of his deputies were men that had lynched Jesse\'s father years before and were afraid that Jesse had come back for revenge. The sheriff and a few of his deputies attack the town that same night looking for Jesse Lee. One of the deputies beats Weezie in order to get answers. Little J watches and cannot handle the sight and fights back. Little J manages to make his way outside where more deputies are waiting, Little J gets taken down when he is attacked from the behind. Two of the sheriffs kick Little J around but when Bates joins the beating, a lot more of his men start beating Little J with their weapons. They beat Little J to death and take Papa Joe and Obobo as prisoners back to his own town where they\'ll get a "fair trial". Jesse poses as a Ku Klux Klan member and kills a deputy at the Sheriff\'s jail and rescues Papa Joe and Obobo. When he returns he convinces the townspeople to fight the Sheriff by telling them he wants the land for himself to sell to the railroad when it comes through. The citizens of Freemanville fight the Sheriff the next day when he rides in. As they begin to gain the upper hand, Colonel Graham arrives with his cavalry and a Gatling gun which he uses to cut the people down. Jesse charges the gun with a stick of dynamite destroying the gun and killing some of Graham\'s troops. Meanwhile the Sheriff of Freemanville, Carver, plans to run with the deeds to all of the property in Freemanville which is in his name but is stopped by Lana. Father Time shows up just in time to stop Sheriff Carver from hurting Lana. He kills one of Carver\'s deputies, but is killed by Carver. As Carver once again tries to flee, he is stopped by Sheriff Bates who reveals that they had a deal to split the proceeds from the land 50-50. Jesse arrives just in time to hear about the deal, and watches as Carver is betrayed and murdered by Bates. Jesse kills Bates in a showdown, finally putting his past demons to rest. Colonel Graham having captured Lana orders Jesse into the saloon where they have a climactic fight to the death resulting in Graham\'s death and the destruction of the saloon, which Graham had set ablaze with Lana still in it. Jesse, Obobo and Lana watch as the townspeople fight the fire. The story ends years later with an old man being interviewed by reporters about the black cowboys of the west. The man, who was a young boy when he met Jesse Lee, gives the reporters a small book that Jesse had given him. In the end, a caption goes on to tell that there had been over 8,000 black cowboys in the Old West whose stories had never been told due to omission by Hollywood and others alike.'] [' On November 12, 1955, Marty McFly discovers that his friend Dr. Emmett "Doc" Brown had become trapped in the year 1885. Marty, with Doc\'s 1955 self, uses the information in Doc’s 1885 letter to locate and repair the DeLorean. While retrieving the car, Marty spots a tombstone with Doc\'s name, dated six days after the letter. Learning that Doc was killed by Biff Tannen\'s great-grandfather, Buford "Mad Dog" Tannen, Marty decides to go back to 1885 to save Doc. Marty arrives on September 2, 1885, in the middle of a United States Cavalry pursuit of Indians. While evading the pursuit, the DeLorean\'s fuel line is torn, forcing Marty to hide the car in a cave and walk to Hill Valley. Marty meets his Irish-born great-great-grandparents, Seamus and Maggie McFly. Marty runs afoul of Buford and his gang. Buford tries to hang Marty, but Doc saves him. Doc agrees to leave 1885, but with the DeLorean out of gasoline and no more available, there is no way to accelerate the car to 88&nbsp;mph. Doc devises a scheme to use a locomotive to push the DeLorean up to speed. As Doc and Marty explore the rail spur they intend to use, they spot an out-of-control horse-drawn wagon. Doc saves the passenger, Clara Clayton. The two fall in love. Buford tries killing Doc at a town festival, but Marty intervenes. Buford then goads Marty into a showdown in two days\' time. Consulting the photograph of Doc\'s tombstone, they note that Doc\'s name has disappeared, but the date on the tombstone remains unchanged. Doc warns Marty that he, not Doc, might be killed by Buford. The night before their departure, Marty and Doc place the DeLorean onto the rail spur. At Clara\'s house, Doc tells Clara he is from the future, but Clara believes it is an excuse to end their relationship. Doc returns to the town saloon to get drunk, but Marty rides to the saloon and convinces Doc to leave with him. However, Doc drinks a single shot of whiskey and passes out. Buford arrives early and calls out Marty. However Marty has finally realized his reputation is unimportant and refuses to fight. Doc revives after drinking the bartender\'s special "Wake-Up Juice" and tries fleeing with Marty, but Buford\'s gang captures Doc, forcing Marty to duel. Marty uses a firebox door from a stove as a bullet-proof vest. During the fistfight that follows, Buford destroys the tombstone, is knocked unconscious and arrested for an earlier robbery. Marty and Doc depart to "borrow" the locomotive. Clara is leaving on the train when she overhears a salesman discussing a man he met in the saloon, despondent about his lost love. Realizing the man is Doc, Clara triggers the emergency brake and runs back to town. She discovers Doc\'s model of the time machine and rides after him. Doc and Marty, having "borrowed" the train at gunpoint, begin pushing the DeLorean along the spur line, attempting to get it up to 88 miles per hour. Clara boards the locomotive while Doc is climbing towards the DeLorean. Doc encourages Clara to join him, intending to bring her to 1985. As she climbs to Doc, Clara falls and is left hanging by her dress. Marty passes the hoverboard to Doc, who saves Clara. They coast away from the train as the DeLorean disappears through time, while the locomotive roars over the edge of the incomplete bridge. Marty arrives on October 27, 1985. He escapes the powerless DeLorean before it is hit by a freight train and destroyed. Marty discovers that everything has returned to the improved timeline. Marty finds Jennifer sleeping on her front porch. Later, he uses the lessons he learned in 1885 to avoid being goaded into a street race with Needles, avoiding a potential automobile accident. Jennifer opens the fax message she kept from 2015 and finds that the message regarding Marty being fired has been erased. Marty takes Jennifer to the time machine wreckage. As they survey the remains, a locomotive equipped with a flux capacitor appears, manned by Doc, Clara, and their two children. Doc gives Marty a photo of the two of them by the clockworks at the 1885 festival. Jennifer inquires about the fax, and Doc tells them it means that the future has not been written yet. After the Browns bid farewell to their friends, Doc’s train converts into an aerial craft and roars off into an unknown time.'] ["Will Kane returns to the town of Hadleyville  which is in the hands of a corrupt marshal and his two aides. J.D. Ward, the man that replaced Kane as marshal, is a tyrant who shoots up the horses Will has just purchased. Ward is after Ben Irons and his men because of wanted posters, even though Ward knows they are innocent. Ben gets away. Ward pursues him. Kane decides to help Ben. Ben dies from a gunshot wound. Ward is going to arrest Kane for helping Ben, but the town rallies together and issues a warrant for Ward's arrest. Miracle-like, Kane again puts on the tin star  and shoots Ward to death."] ['A popular dance hall girl, Duchess, joins with a gambler nicknamed the "Dirtwater Fox" on the way to Salt Lake City, Utah. Seeking refuge from a pursuing gang of outlaws, the Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox join a wagon train of Mormons. On their trip, they encounter snakes, rapids, horseback pursuits through towns, and even getting tied up by the outlaws .'] ["Reformed outlaw Link Jones , travels to Crosscut, Texas to catch a train to Fort Worth, where he intends to use the savings of his community of Good Hope to hire a schoolteacher. On the train platform, Sam Beasley  speaks with Link briefly, rousing the suspicions of the town marshal, Sam being a known con man. When the marshal comments that Link looks familiar, Link gives him a false name. Aboard the train, Sam impulsively joins Link, learns of his mission in Fort Worth and claims he can be of help. Sam introduces him to the Crosscut saloon singer, Billie Ellis , insisting she could make an ideal teacher. Their conversation is overheard by Alcutt, a shady-looking passenger. When the train stops to pick up wood for additional fuel, male passengers help load the train but Alcutt remains on board, feigning sleep. He signals three other men, Coaley Tobin , Trout  and Ponch , who then try to rob the train. Link tries to intervene and is knocked unconscious. The holdup is prevented by a guard who orders the train to pull away. Alcutt does, however, take Link's bag containing Good Hope's money. He is wounded as the robbers flee. Link revives to discover that he, Sam and Billie have been left behind, many miles from the nearest town. Link leads them on foot to a ramshackle farm, admitting that he lived there years earlier. While the others wait in the barn, Link enters the run-down house and finds the train robbers hiding inside. Coaley is suspicious of Link's claim that he and the others simply want to rest for the night. The men are interrupted by the appearance of aging outlaw Dock Tobin , who is startled to see Link, his nephew, whom he raised as a killer and thief and who abandoned him more than a dozen years earlier to go straight. Tobin laments that nothing has been the same since Link's departure and introduces him to the roughnecks he now commands, including Link's own cousin, Coaley. Disturbed by the revelation of Link's true identity, Coaley demonstrates his toughness by killing Alcutt, who is near death from his wound. Realizing the danger of his situation, Link brings in Sam and Billie from the barn and lies to Tobin, telling him that he intentionally sought out his uncle after being left by the train. Tobin reveals his long-held ambition to rob the bank in the town of Lassoo and asserts that Link's return to the gang makes that possible. Link agrees to participate in the holdup to protect Billie. After declaring that she is his woman, Link has a knife held to his throat while Coaley drunkenly insists that she strip. Tobin waits until she is nearly undressed before he laughingly sends Link and Billie to sleep in the barn. Claude Tobin , another cousin, arrives and is displeased at finding Link there. Dock rejects the suggestion of Claude and Coaley to kill Link and the others. They depart on the four-day ride to Lassoo. Link goads the brutal Coaley into a fistfight and beats him severely, then forcibly strips him of his clothes, as revenge for what Coaley did to Billie. Deeply humiliated, Coaley attempts to shoot Link, but Sam intercedes and is killed instead. Tobin then shoots Coaley for disobeying him. Billie laments that she has finally found a man worth loving, but can never have him. Link has a wife and children in Good Hope. With the town Lassoo in sight, Link volunteers for the holdup job. Tobin insists that he be accompanied by the mute Trout. Lassoo is a ghost town, its bank deserted except for a frightened old Mexican woman, whom Trout shoots in a panic. Link proceeds to kill Trout. He then awaits the arrival of Claude and Ponch. In a drawn-out gun battle, Link kills Ponch first, then eventually and with some regret, Claude. Returning to camp, Link discovers to his horror that Billie has been raped and beaten. He goes in search of Dock Tobin, who is on a cliff nearby. Link calls out to Tobin that he, like Lassoo, is a ghost and finished. He shoots Tobin and reclaims the bag of Good Hope's money. Riding back to civilization, Billie declares that she will resume her singing career, knowing that Link intends to return to his home and family."] ['The film is framed by the reminiscences of 121-year-old Jack Crabb , who recounts his colorful life story to a curious historian ([[William Hickey . Among other things, Crabb had been a captive of the Cheyenne, a gunslinger, an associate of Wild Bill Hickok , and a scout for General George Armstrong Custer . Having been adopted by the Cheyenne and reared in their culture, Crabb has perspective on both Caucasian and Native American life in the 19th century. Jack and his older sister Caroline  had survived the massacre of their parents\' wagon train by the Pawnee. Found by a Cheyenne warrior, Jack and his sister are taken back to a Cheyenne village. Caroline manages to escape on horseback, but Jack is reared by good-hearted tribal leader Old Lodge Skins . Life among the Cheyenne proves to be idyllic, though Jack unwittingly makes an enemy of another boy, Younger Bear ; however, Younger Bear eventually owes his life to Jack, who saves him from a Pawnee warrior. Jack is given the name "Little Big Man" because he\'s short but very brave. When Jack is 16, he is recaptured by U.S. cavalry troopers and renounces his Native American upbringing in order to save himself. He is put in the care of Reverend Silas Pendrake  and his sexually frustrated wife, Louise , who tries to seduce Jack. Jack cannot accept the contradiction between Louise\'s piety and sexual appetite, and he eventually leaves the Pendrake household. Jack becomes the apprentice of the snake-oil salesman Merriweather . The two are tarred and feathered when their customers realize that Merriweather\'s products are fraudulent. One of the angry customers happens to be Jack\'s sister, Caroline. Once Caroline realizes that one of the men she helped to tar and feather was her brother, they reunite. She attempts to mold her brother into a gunslinger named the Soda Pop Kid . Jack meets Wild Bill Hickok at a saloon, and Hickok takes a liking to the young man. When Hickok is forced to kill a man in self-defense, Jack loses his taste for gunslinging and Caroline deserts him. Jack next becomes a partner in a general store and marries a Swedish woman named Olga . Unfortunately, Jack\'s business partner turns out to be a thieving scoundrel and Jack is forced to close the store. The famous cavalry officer George Armstrong Custer happens upon the scene and suggests the couple re-start their lives further west. Jack and Olga set out, but their stagecoach is ambushed by Cheyenne. Olga is abducted and Jack sets out in search for her. During his quest, he is reunited with Old Lodge Skins, who is overjoyed Jack has returned to the tribe. Younger Bear has become a contrary  and, having been humiliated by Jack years before, is still bitter. After a short stay with the tribe, Jack continues his search for Olga. He eventually becomes a "muleskinner" in Custer\'s 7th Cavalry, hoping to obtain information on Olga. He takes part in a battle against the Cheyenne, but when the 7th troopers begin killing women and children, Jack becomes enraged and turns on them. Nearby, Jack discovers a Cheyenne woman, Sunshine , giving birth. He saves Sunshine from the marauding troopers and returns with her to Old Lodge Skins\'s tribe. Sunshine becomes his wife and bears him a child. Jack again encounters Younger Bear, who has undergone another life change. No longer a contrary, Younger Bear is now the henpecked husband of the long-lost Olga, who is now living as a Cheyenne woman. Olga does not recognize Jack, who makes no attempt to remind her of their previous relationship. Sunshine asks Jack to take in her three widowed sisters as wives and to father children with them. He is reluctant at first, but finally agrees and has sex with all three; the first time all on the same night, exhausting Jack. One day during the winter season, Custer and the 7th Cavalry make a surprise attack on the Cheyenne camp. A now-blind and elderly Old Lodge Skins is saved by Jack, but Sunshine and their child are killed along with her sisters. Jack tries to infiltrate Custer\'s camp to exact revenge. At a crucial moment, with knife in hand, Jack loses his nerve, and is mocked by Custer for it. Disheartened, Jack becomes the town drunk in Deadwood, South Dakota. While in a drunken stupor, he is recognized by Wild Bill Hickok, who gives him money to clean up. When Jack returns to the bar, Hickok is shot and killed. With his last breath, Hickok expresses a dying wish involving a widow he was having an affair with. Jack goes to see the widow, a prostitute who turns out to be Louise Pendrake. Jack gives her the money that Hickok intended for her to use to start a new life. Jack soon becomes a trapper and hermit. His mind becomes unhinged after coming across an empty trap with a severed animal limb. Poised at the edge of a cliff, he prepares to commit suicide. Jack suddenly hears the faint chords of the traditional cavalry tune "Garryowen" echoing through a valley and spots Custer and his troops marching nearby. Jack decides to exact revenge. Custer, who remembers that Jack once tried to assassinate him, hires him as a scout, reasoning that anything Jack says will be a lie, thus serving as a perfect reverse barometer. Jack leads the troops into a trap at the Little Bighorn. Before the attack, Jack truthfully tells Custer of the overwhelming force of Native Americans hidden within the valley of the Little Bighorn. Custer does not believe him and leads the 7th Cavalry to its doom. During the frantic battle, Custer begins to rave insanely. Ignoring the closing circle of warriors, Custer points his pistol at Jack. Before he can pull the trigger, Custer is killed by Younger Bear, who removes the unconscious, wounded Jack from the battle by carrying him to Old Lodge Skins\' tepee. Having thus discharged his life debt, Younger Bear tells Jack that, the next time they meet, he can kill him without becoming an evil person. Jack accompanies Old Lodge Skins to a nearby hill where the aged, weary leader decides to end his life. He offers his spirit to the Great Spirit, and lies down to wait for death. Instead, it begins to rain. Old Lodge Skins sighs and says, "Sometimes the magic works, and sometimes it doesn\'t". They return to his tepee to have dinner. Jack\'s narrative ends and he dismisses the historian, while thinking with sadness about the memories of a world which is no more.'] ["Lawman Brett Starr leaves his job in Dodge City to take up a sheriff's job in Tombstone, Arizona where his two brothers are. Brett finds out that the position has been offered to the unscrupulous lawman Shotgun Cassidy. Starr impersonates Shotgun and after he is appointed sheriff seeks to expose the corruptuion and wrongdoing of the town authorities."] ['Francisco Cortez escapes prison after serving fifteen years for the murder of Jim Lester\'s father. He proclaim\'s his innocence and lists seven men who may be the real killer, who uses the name "The Phantom".'] ['H.D. Dalton  is an injured rodeo rider who comes home to his ex-girlfriend Jolie , his family and farm.'] ['The five richest men in the territory gather in Laredo for their annual high-stakes poker game. The high rollers let nothing get in the way of their yearly showdown. When undertaker Tropp calls for them in his horse-drawn hearse, cattleman Henry Drummond forces a postponement of his daughter\'s wedding, while lawyer Otto Habershaw abandons his closing arguments in a trial, with his client\'s life hanging in the balance. They are joined by Wilcox and Buford in the back room of Sam\'s saloon, while the curious gather outside for occasional reports. Settlers Meredith, his wife Mary, and their young son Jackie are passing through, on their way to purchase a farm near San Antonio, when a wheel on their wagon breaks. They wait at Sam\'s while the local blacksmith repairs it. Meredith, a recovering gambler, learns of the big poker game and begins to feel the excitement once again. During a break, Otto Habershaw, catches a glimpse of Mary in her violet dress. Being so enchanted by her, he permits Meredith\'s request to watch the game only if Mary allows him. The newcomer buys into the game, eventually staking all of the family savings, meant to pay for a home. The game builds to a climactic hand; the gamblers raise and re-raise until more than $20,000 is in the pot. Meredith, out of cash, is unable to call the latest raise. Under the strain, he collapses. The town physician, Joseph "Doc" Scully, is called to care for the stricken man. Barely conscious, Meredith signals for his wife to play out the hand. Taking his seat, Mary asks, "How do you play this game?" The other players object loudly to playing with someone who does not know the game, but eventually give in. The situation is explained to her: if she cannot match the last raise , she will be out of the hand. Despite the men\'s protests, she leaves the room to borrow additional funds. With Jackie and four of the players trailing behind, Mary crosses the street and talks to the owner of the Cattle and Merchants\' Bank, C. P. Ballinger. After she shows him her hand, Ballinger assumes she is playing a practical joke. When he learns otherwise, he loans her $5,500  and makes a $5,000 raise for her. The other players, aware of Ballinger\'s tightfisted, cautious nature, all reluctantly fold. Mary collects her sizable winnings and pays Ballinger back with interest. The game then breaks up, no one ever having seen the winning hand. The lady\'s determination earns her the admiration of the men. Even Drummond, the most hard-hearted of the bunch, is so touched that, when he returns home to the waiting wedding ceremony, he talks privately to his weak-willed, prospective son-in-law, gives him some money, and orders him to run away and find himself a better wife than his daughter. The denouement takes place in the gambling town of Black Creek, where it is revealed that Meredith, Mary, Doc Scully, and even their "son" are confidence tricksters and expert card sharps. Together with Ballinger and Scully, they have perpetrated a scam on the five poker players, who had swindled the banker in a real estate deal sixteen years before. "Mary" is actually Ballinger\'s girlfriend Ruby. She had promised him she would give up gambling after the caper, but it becomes clear that she had no such intent when she sits down to another poker game.'] ['John McCanless was once a gunslinger and has become a cranky old rancher. There is a plan to build a dam which would flood his property. John has no intention of selling his land and is determined to fight the dam to the end if necessary.'] ['The Man Who Came Back is based on the Thibodaux massacre, the second bloodiest labor strike in US history. Following the American Civil War, recently freed slaves on a Louisiana plantation are worked relentlessly but paid minimum wages. Sometimes paid only in scrip, worthless money accepted only at the plantation\'s overpriced store, the workers become financially in debt. This creates an inescapable situation for these free men looking to gain real freedom. In an attempt to better their lives, the workers strike. This leads to massive retaliation by the most powerful men in the town, including the sheriff , the preacher , power-hungry Billy Duke  and his vigilante group of thugs. White overseer Reese Paxton  steps up to demand justice for his workers. Duke\'s rage turns on Paxton and his family. Despite assistance from a Yankee attorney , Paxton is convicted by Billy\'s father, the corrupt Judge Duke . After being sent to prison, beaten within inches of his life, and having endured merciless emotional torture, Paxton "comes back" to seek revenge.'] ['The title character is a beautiful horse  of Matt Fletcher , a Mexican-American buffalo hunter who returns home only to have his beloved horse stolen by a powerful bandit, Chuy Medina ([[John Saxon  with the help of the bandit\'s girlfriend, Trini  in the border town of Ojo Prieto. Trini was sold to Chuy at the age of 15, but has been brutalized and effectively discarded.http://mysticmoviereviews.com/2008/07/18/the-appaloosa-1966/ Matt begins to hunt down the bandit to recapture the horse, but finds matters more complicated than expected when he meets the girlfriend of the bandit. Fletcher is subjected to torture and humiliation by Chuy and his minions. A later foray into Medina\'s camp results in a brutal arm wrestling match in a bar between Fletcher and the bandito. Fletcher loses and is stung on the arm by a scorpion. Again left to die, Fletcher is rescued by Trini, who despises her "lover", Chuy, and prefers Fletcher\'s company. She gets him assistance from a kindly old peasant, which later costs the old man his life. During the violence-laden climax, Fletcher is forced to choose between Trini and his beloved Appaloosa. Matt, realizing that Trini means more to him than the horse, sends out the Appaloosa to draw Chuy\'s fire. As the bandit prepares to aim for the horse, sunlight glints on his gun barrel, revealing his position. Matt fires and kills him. Matt and Trini then cross the border with the Appaloosa to start a new life.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/2685/The-Appaloosa/overview It was released as Southwest to Sonora in the United Kingdom. The rifle Brando uses in the beginning is a Sharps Buffalo Rifle.{{Citation needed}}'] ['Following the surrender of Geronimo, Massai, the last Apache warrior is captured and scheduled for transportation to a Florida reservation. On the way he manages to escape and heads for his homeland to win back his girl and settle down to grow crops. His pursuers have other ideas though.'] ['J.T. Hope, a former police officer and marine, owner of a ranch called "Circle Hope Ranch" decides to start a program for troubled teens on his ranch to help rehabilitate them and help them get out of the life of crime, drugs and other bad things. Hope starts the program and 3 boys are brought in to the new program. J.T. has 2 good friends who work with him on the ranch, Shorty, and Colt Webb, a former juvenile delinquent who was given a second chance with the help of J.T. Hope.'] ["A shipment of gold bullion is stolen by three men in Arizona and buried near Waterhole No. 3. One of them is killed by Lewton Cole, who discovers a map to the buried treasure scrawled on a $20 bill. The other two thieves, Army Sgt. Henry Foggers and his accomplice Hilb, set out to find Cole and the gold. Cole, meanwhile, gets a headstart on the local law enforcement after the killing by locking up Sheriff John Copperud and his deputy in their own jail. Cole rides to the sheriff's ranch, steals his horse and forces himself on Billie, the sheriff's daughter. Copperud returns to the ranch and infuriates Billie by being more upset over losing his horse than about Cole's treatment of her. An honest man is hard to find in these parts, except for a U.S. Cavalry captain named Shipley. It all ends with a long, wild gunfight as Cole and the outlaws go for the gold."] ["Texas rancher Sam Dent; Glenn Ford takes a small herd of three Brahman bulls to Brazil where he has sold them for a small fortune. There, he finds himself in the middle of a range war. And in love. His concern: who are really his friends and who are his opponents. Much of the movie was filmed in Brazil in 1955. Abbe Lane's musical number was supervised by her husband, Xavier Cugat."] ['Gil Kyle finds himself caught up in the politics and unrest of the American Civil War and soon gets himself framed for a murder. His only alibi is Candace Bronson, who is aiding the Confederate cause and has left the territory to deliver a vital message about a Yankee gold shipment. So he sets off in pursuit, running into desperados, government agents, and guerrilla fighters, who are more interested in profit than ideals.'] ['In the 1830s in the Rocky Mountains, fur trapper Flint Mitchell  meets at the summer "Rendezvous" with other mountain men, cashing in his furs, drinking, and enjoying contests among his friends. He organizes a hunting "brigade" into the beaver-rich Blackfoot territory, buying horses and recruiting trappers, despite protests from his Scottish friend and former trading partner, Brecan , who lives among the Blackfoot and warns him that the land belongs to them. Flint outbids Brecan for Kamiah , the granddaughter of Blackfoot medicine man Bear Ghost and adopted daughter of a Nez Perce chief, Looking Glass . Brecan wants to return her to the Blackfoot, to promote peace between the tribes, while Flint wants to marry Kamiah and ensure the brigade\'s safety. Pierre , a French Canadian trapper, and Captain Humberstone Lyon , another Scotsman, who fought in the Battle of Waterloo, join Flint on the dangerous expedition. Kamiah successfully guides Flint and his men on their trek through the high passes filled with crippling snow drifts and delivers them to the Blackfoot territory, where they build a stockade. Flint narrowly escapes capture and death by Ironshirt , a young Blackfoot prince and war chief, who kills Baptiste DuNord, one of Flint\'s best trappers. Ironshirt steals the brigade\'s horses, but Flint impresses Bear Ghost ([[Jack Holt , who orders them returned. Though he marries Kamiah for reasons other than love, and cannot speak her language, Flint falls in love with her. As Flint and Kamiah grow closer, Flint and Bear Ghost become good friends. Bear Ghost prevents Ironshirt from harming Flint and his men, but catastrophe strikes when Roy DuNord, another of Flint\'s men, kills Bear Ghost to avenge his brother\'s death. Although Brecan kills Roy, and Flint sinks into a grieving depression over the death of Bear Ghost, Ironshirt succeeds Bear Ghost as chief and resumes his campaign to drive the white trappers out of his country. In the spring, Kamiah gives birth to a boy, Chip. On the way to Rendezvous, the brigade is attacked by a large war party under Ironshirt and Kamiah is killed. With Chip strapped to its back, Kamiah\'s horse bolts during the attack and is chased by Ironshirt, intent on killing the boy. Flint manages to kill Ironshirt, however, and rescue his son. As the years pass, Flint takes Chip to live in the Blackfoot camp, where, Flint believes, Kamiah would have wanted him. Although Flint intends to have the boy formally educated in the East, Chip persuades him year after year to postpone his schooling, learning the ways of the mountains from his father.'] ['Recently diagnosed with a terminal disease, Bruce Campbell  unexpectedly finds himself the owner of a small valley in the Canadian Rocky Mountains as the result of a bequest from his grandfather.<ref name Weiler |first January 11, 1960 |title http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/review?_r9C07E1DF1230EF3ABC4952DFB766838B679EDE |work 2010-05-05 }} {{smaller}} After travelling from England, Bruce arrives at "Campbell\'s Kingdom"  to find its existence under threat from the construction of a new hydroelectricity dam. Convinced that his grandfather was right and that the Kingdom may be prospective for oil, the race is on to prove that there is oil under Campbell\'s Kingdom before the mining company building the dam can flood the valley. Standing in his way is corrupt construction contractor Owen Morgan , who resorts to dirty tricks in order to prevent Campbell from succeeding in his quest. However, Bruce is ably and enthusiastically assisted by love interest Jean Lucas , geologist Boy Bladen ([[Michael Craig  and drilling contractor James MacDonald . Unfortunately for Campbell the residents of the nearby town of Come Lucky invested heavily in his grandfather\'s schemes, only to feel cheated when his projects came to nothing. Gradually Bruce manages to turn them around by exposing the fraud and lies of Morgan and the mining company.'] ["Jim Flagg is the marshal in the town of Progress. He hears arch-rival John McKay is headed toward town so he warns Mayor Wilker and others in Progress that there's sure to be a robbery. Wilker doesn't appreciate Flagg causing a panic and relieves him of his badge. Flagg sets out on his own. He discovers McKay has joined up with a band of youthful outlaws. Taken prisoner, Flagg escapes death thanks to McKay's intervention, but the two old enemies end up in a bloody fistfight. Taken back to town, Flagg puts McKay in a boarding house run by Mary, a widow. When the outlaws arrive, intent on robbing a train, McKay sides with Flagg in defeating their plans."] ["The film centers on Owen Pentecost  from North Carolina, who comes to Denver on a whim. He encounters Ann Merry Alaine , who is going there to open a dress shop. When they get to Denver, Owen enters a hotel saloon, and wins a poker game with the owner, who bet his estate on this last game. Along with the hotel comes Boston Grant . Both of the women in the town begin to fall for Owen. Owen however has money on his mind, and the gold of the town's Confederates is what is revealed he went there for originally. But the predominantly Union town wants the gold, and with the Civil War approaching, the town is split. Owen leads the Southerners into a last escape attempt with the gold."] ['Kevin and Rachel move to Los Angeles to follow their dream – making it in cinema. They can\'t believe their luck when they find the perfect house on a hill called Edendale – right next door to Hollywood. Here, all the neighbors are in "the business", and they have high hopes for Kevin and Rachel. But Rachel\'s dreams soon turn to nightmares. First, there\'s something hiding in the closet, then, the awful crying in the walls, and now, Kevin is acting strange. Terrified, Rachel thinks she must be going crazy – but could her insanity extend to the hill itself? As the neighbors eagerly await the completion of Kevin\'s work, Rachel must convince him to leave this place before the powerful Ghosts of Edendale reach through time to possess his very soul.'] ['Two Texas Rangers investigate the kidnapping of wives and daughters of Senators. In order to do so, one goes undercover as "The Scarlet Horseman", a legendary and respected Comanche figure. The villainess, Matosca, intends to use the kidnappees to force a partition of Texas.'] ["Confederate veteran Matt Weaver  returns home to New Mexico after the Civil War and discovers his farm was sold by a banker named Brewster . His fiancee Ruth  has married another man in his absence. Ruth's husband and other Union sympathizers in town resent Weaver's allegiance to the Rebels during the war. His town turns against him, and soon Brewster hires a mulatto gunman named d'Estaing  to come to town and provoke Weaver into a fatal fight."] ['A stranger on horseback rides into the mining town of Lago. Three gun-toting men follow him into the saloon, taunting him. When they follow him to the barbershop, he kills all three of them. Impressed with this performance, a dwarf named Mordecai befriends the Stranger. An attractive woman named Callie Travers bumps into him in the street and insults and badgers him. When she slaps him, he drags her into the livery stable and rapes her. Next, he rents a room at the hotel. That night, he dreams about a man being brutally whipped. It is revealed later that Marshal Jim Duncan was whipped to death by gunfighters Stacey Bridges, Dan Carlin, and Cole Carlin while the people of Lago looked on. Only Sarah Belding, wife of hotelier Lewis Belding, made any attempt to rescue him. The next day, Sheriff Shaw tells the stranger he will not be charged for killing the three men. Meanwhile, the townsmen discuss Bridges and the Carlin brothers, who are due to be released from prison that day. The town double-crossed the three gunfighters after they killed Duncan, and the men are expected to seek vengeance. Since the men slain by the Stranger were the mining company\'s new protectors, the townsmen decide to hire the Stranger as their replacement. Presenting the offer to the Stranger, Shaw explains that the three gunfighters were caught stealing gold from the mining company, although he admits the gold was poorly protected. The Stranger declines the job until Shaw tells him he can have anything he wants. Accepting these terms, the Stranger indulges in the town\'s goods and services, makes Mordecai both sheriff and mayor, has the entire town painted red, and paints the word "HELL" on the "LAGO" sign just outside of town. While the Stranger trains the townspeople to defend themselves, Bridges and the Carlin brothers are released from prison and make their way to Lago. They begin on foot but kill three men and take their horses. A group of men try to ambush the Stranger in the hotel, but he kills most of them. After Belding inadvertently divulges his complicity in the attack, which left the hotel destroyed, the Stranger drags Belding\'s wife into their room and she sleeps with him willingly. In the morning, the Stranger rides out and finds the gunfighters, has a brief shootout with them, and returns to Lago. With the town painted red, townsmen with rifles stationed on rooftops, and a picnic and welcoming banner set up for the gunfighters, the Stranger mounts his horse and rides away. When the gunfighters arrive, they encounter almost no resistance, and by nightfall they have the townspeople collected in the saloon. The Stranger returns and kills the gunfighters one by one. Mordecai shoots Belding when he attempts to shoot the Stranger in the back. The next day, the Stranger begins to ride out of the ruined town, as Mordecai carves a headstone for Duncan\'s grave. Mordecai comments to the departing Stranger that he never did know his name, to which the Stranger cryptically replies, "Yes, you do." He rides off into the distance, eventually seeming to vanish.'] ["Harry Collings  and Arch Harris  are two saddle tramps who have grown weary after seven years of wandering through the southwest. Along with a younger companion, Dan Griffen , they stop off in Del Norte, a ramshackle town in the middle of nowhere run by the corrupt McVey . Harris and Griffen discuss traveling to California to look for work when Collings abruptly informs them he has decided to return to the wife he had left years before. Griffen temporarily leaves the two in a bar while he goes to buy supplies. Some town thugs shoot him to death out of pure meanness. Collings and Harris manage to escape, but they return that night and Collings shoots McVey repeatedly in his feet, crippling him. After riding hundreds of miles back to his old house, Collings finds that he is understandably less than welcome by his wife, Hannah . In order to be allowed to stay, he offers his services not as a husband but as a mere “hired hand”. Hannah agrees and quickly puts him to work. Gradually, the distrust and unease caused by years of estrangement slip away, and the two begin to become close again. For the first time, Collings finds himself willing to settle down forever. McVey and his troupe of hooligans, however, suddenly make it difficult for Collings to make what should have been an easy decision. They kidnap Harris and Collings is forced to leave Hannah once again to save his friend. In a subsequent brutal shootout with McVey's gang, all of the villains are killed but Collings is fatally wounded. Harris rides back alone to Hannah's house."] ['Set during the early years of the California Gold Rush, the film tells of the adventures of Caroline Frost, the wilful and spoilt daughter of a US Senator. He does not approve of her beau, Lt Robert Latham, of the US cavalry, and persuades President James K Polk to post Latham to guard gold shipments from the California mines owned by Jake Carstair. Caroline travels by train and steamship and manages to join a wagon-train about to trek overland to the West. She falls in with Johnny, a debonair but ruthless gambler and two comically inept opportunists, Prince Gregory Stroganovsky and his much put-upon servant Koppa. Adapting slowly to the rigours of the journey, she first claims to be married to the Prince  and then further claims to be actually married to Carstair. She eventually reaches Sonora in California. Here, her problems are quickly sorted out. After some confusion between Carstair and his real wife, Caroline decides that she really loves Johnny. Her Father, who has followed her, is reconciled.'] ['The film centers on the trials and tribulations of the Spencers, a family living in the Grand Teton Mountains of Wyoming during the early 1960s. As the patriarch of a large and growing family, Clay Spencer  is fiercely independent, yet dedicated to his family. While he resists the influence of religion, he struggles to remain faithful to his wife Olivia , to allow his son  to attend college, and to build a new home for his family.'] ["In 1876, a young trader named Tom Doan ([[Jack Holt  arrives at Sprague's Trading Post where a group of buffalo hunters has assembled. Fresh from his Kansas farm, Tom meets and falls in love with Milly Fayre ([[Lois Wilson , the stepdaughter of Randall Jett . Unknown to Tom, Randall is the leader of a gang of notorious outlaws who make a brutal living robbing buffalo hunters. After Milly and Tom are separated, an Indian uprising occurs, sparked by the irresponsible slaughtering of the buffalo herds by white adventurers. Jett is killed by his own men, but Milly is able to escape. Attempting to make her way back to civilization, Milly is pursued by a band of hostile Indians and falls in front of a herd of stampeding buffalo. Tom rides in and rescues her just in time. The Indians are subdued by the buffalo hunters, and Tom and Milly head back to civilization."] ['Rancher Taw Jackson  is shot by a gunman for hire, Lomax , and wrongfully imprisoned. His land and property are then confiscated by corrupt businessman Frank Pierce  who knows gold was discovered on Jackson\'s ranchlands, and hired Lomax to shoot Taw. Released early from prison, Jackson cuts a deal with Lomax because he\'s a safe-cracker, to ally against Pierce. Together, they plot to steal a shipment of gold being transported in a "war wagon," a heavily armored stagecoach armed with a deadly Gatling gun in a top-mounted steerable turret. They assemble a gang and plan to rob the war wagon at the weakest point in the route it travels. Things don\'t quite work out as planned. Pierce dies in a shootout with one of his own men trying to escape from the war wagon. Taw still manages to recover a portion of the gold shipment.'] ['Willet Gashade , a former bounty hunter, returns to his small mining camp after a lengthy absence and finds his slow-witted friend Coley  in a state of fear. Coley explains to Gashade that their partner, Leland Drum , had been shot to death two days before by an unseen assassin. The killing was possibly committed in revenge for the accidental trampling death of “a little person” in town, which may have been caused by Gashade’s brother, Coin. Coin had inexplicably rushed away from their camp moments before the shooting death. Gashade and Coley become increasingly paranoid, and Gashade takes his friend’s gun away from him. The following day, a young woman  shoots her horse to death immediately outside of the camp. The sound of the gunshot temporarily sends the frightened Coley into hiding. Gashade examines the dead horse and notes that it appeared to be perfectly healthy. The woman offers Gashade a thousand dollars to lead her to a place called Kingsley. Although openly distrustful of her, he grudgingly accepts the offer. Coley, apparently smitten by the woman, accompanies them.  The young woman is rude and insulting to both Gashade and Coley. She refuses to tell them her name. The three stop briefly in Crosstree. Gashade learns that Coin was seen there only a day or two before. As they continue traveling slowly through the hot desert, Gashade observes that they are being followed by a stranger dressed in black, Billy Spear , who continues to keep his distance from them. Gashade sees that the woman appears to be signaling to the man. Coley makes attempts to talk to the woman but she continually taunts and insults him. She also repeatedly refuses to answer any of Gashade’s questions regarding the purpose of their journey. At night, Spear suddenly walks into their camp and joins them. Hired by the woman as a gunslinger for reasons unknown, Spear is suspicious and hostile toward Gashade and contemptuous of Coley. He repeatedly threatens both of their lives. Gashade advises Coley to keep away from Spear. The woman rides her horse hard. When it dies of exhaustion, Coley gives his horse to the woman and Gashade allows Coley to ride with him. Later, when Gashade\'s horse shows signs of fatigue, Gashade tells Coley to join the woman on her horse, but Spear forbids him from doing so. The woman says that the journey would be much easier without Coley. She and Spear demand that he be left behind. Gashade reluctantly agrees, and he tells Coley he will come back for him soon. The three see a bearded man  sitting in the middle of the desert nursing a broken leg. The man tells the woman that the person she is seeking is only one day\'s ride away. She leaves him a canteen of water. Meanwhile, the bearded man\'s lost horse is found by Coley. He mounts the horse, and rides back to the group. He charges Spear. Spear shoots him dead. Gashade buries his friend in the sand. All of the horses die. The group runs out of water, but they still keep moving. Gashade sees Spear growing weaker and attacks him. After knocking him unconscious, Gashade grabs a large rock and crushes the killer\'s gun hand. Gashade walks after the woman, who is now closely following a man up the side of a rock formation. The man turns around and Gashade sees that the man is his look-alike brother, Coin. Gashade attempts to tackle the woman as she pulls out a gun and takes aim at Coin, but it is too late: Coin and the woman shoot each other dead. Gashade, lying next to the woman\'s corpse, whispers, "Coin." Spear stumbles aimlessly under the hot sun.'] ["Sabata, a former Confederate army officer and steely eyed, quick-drawing impossibly accurate gunman with a trick gun is working for a travelling circus as a stunt marksman. The circus comes to a small Texas town, where a former subordinate officer, a lieutenant from the army is running a crooked casino. The man owes Sabata $5,000 from sometime ago. Then the circus manager runs off with the circus funds, so Sabata decides to stay in town and try to collect on the debt from his friend. Sabata then runs into conflict with the town's land baron, McIntock, who imposes high taxes on gambling, drinking and prostitution with the supposed idea of building the town up, using the money. Sabata who is after the money himself finds out that the townspeople's money in McIntock's safe is counterfeit and that he and the priest have hidden it elsewhere, in the form of gold coins. After a few attempts on his life and lots of badmen dying under his guns, Sabata and the lieutenant are apparently killed so McIntock goes for the money only to find them both still alive. Sabata is helped throughout by his friends; the acrobat, his partner and a fat, pompous man who is anything but what he seems."] ["Dr Frankenstein’s grandchildren Maria and Rudolph have moved to the American West, in order to use the prairie lightning storms in their experiments on unwilling victims. After a number of failures, Rudolph is finding it increasingly difficult to hide the trail of bodies. Down the road, Mañuel Lopez, his wife Nina, and their daughter Estelita decide to leave town because of the frequent disappearances. Two gunslingers come to town, Hank Tracy, a dimwitted lug, and Jesse James, the infamous outlaw. Meeting up with the head of a local gang, they join up with the intention of stealing $100,000 from the next stagecoach. However, a gang member named Lonny decides to go to the sheriff and lets them know about the plot in exchange for becoming his deputy. So as the robbery begins, the sheriff and his men shoot the two remaining members of his gang and seriously wound Hank. Jesse and Hank escape and stop at the Lopez's campout to tend to Hank's wound and sleep until the morning. During the middle of the night, Estelita wakes up Jesse and Hank and leads them back to town to the Frankensteins' house to fix up Hank. Maria agrees to help, but her plan is to use Hank as another one of her experiments. After sending Jesse to the town pharmacist with a note, she begins operating on Hank, giving him a new brain and bringing him back to life. Rudolph tries to poison Hank, now called Igor, and Maria orders Igor to strangle Rudolph. Jesse gives the pharmacist the note, which actually reveals his identity and tells the pharmacist to call the sheriff. Jesse manages to escape, killing deputy Lonny in the process. When he returns to the Frankensteins' house, Igor incapacitates him and ties him up. Realizing Jesse is in trouble, Estelita sends the sheriff to the house, where he finds Jesse and prepares to take him for the reward. But Maria sends Igor to crush the sheriff. During the scuffle, Estelita frees Jesse and tries to escape. Maria orders Igor to go kill Estelita, but Igor strangles Maria instead and goes after Jesse. Estelita gets Jesse's gun and kills Igor. The next morning, as Jesse buries Hank, Estelita pleads with him to stay and live with her, but Jesse, knowing that he's a fugitive, rides off with the sheriff, who wasn't killed by Igor."] ["In 1868, within the Ruby Mountains, Gideon  roasts hare over an open fire. Suddenly, gunshots ring out with one striking his left arm. He grabs what he can and races down the mountain. His attackers emerge from their cover to inspect his campsite. Colonel Morsman Carver , a former Confederate officer, is accompanied by Pope ([[Robert Baker , Hayes , Parsons  and the Kid ([[John Robinson ; who are all engaged in a bounty operation to apprehend him. As Parsons is preparing to load the dead body to take to Carson City for the reward money, Carver shoots the horse - which he declares is his, leaving Parsons to walk the 30 miles back to town carrying the body. Encountering a railroad under construction, Gideon hitches his horse and steals some food. The foreman recognizes the stolen horse and detains Gideon. Carver and his remaining man, Hayes, come upon the railroad site and search for Gideon. Meanwhile, Gideon escapes from custody and makes off with another horse. As Carver and Hayes draw within sight of Gideon, Gideon's horse can no longer take the strain of the heat and collapses. Gideon euthanizes the horse with his knife. When Carver and Hayes finally reach the horse's carcass, Hayes dismounts and marvels at what type of an animal would disembowel the creature. Suddenly, Gideon leaps out from the horse's belly, where he had been hiding, and grabs Hayes threatening to kill him if Carver doesn't give up his gun. Carver instead decides to shoot Hayes with his last bullet. While confronting each other, Carver and Gideon recall the events that put them at odds. After the American Civil War had concluded, Gideon was ordered to track down former Confederate officers. When he arrived in Seraphim Falls at Carver's home to interrogate him, Carver was out in a nearby field. To coerce Carver's wife  into revealing his whereabouts, and believing that their house was empty, Gideon ordered their barn to be set on fire. The blaze quickly spread to their main residence, as Carver emerged from the cropland. While the soldiers detained him, his wife and son ran inside the house to save their infant child who was still in a bedroom. Trapped by the flames, all three perished. Gideon, racked with guilt over the tragedy, is seen dropping his gunbelt and walking away from his men."] ["Rodeo star John Scott  and his gambler friend Kansas Charlie  are wrongly accused of armed robbery at the Rattlesnake Gulch rodeo  just after John Scott gets his rodeo prize money. The Rodeo Official is robbed and murdered by Pete  a minute after Scott and Kansas Charlie leave. Pete then says he just saw John and his friend Kansas Charlie leaving the office. The two fugitives flee to another town where they assume new names. Meanwhile, Anne Whitaker makes a large deposit of rare Wisconsin silver at the depot, but Kansas Charlie intercepts this currency as a way to teach Pete about morality. But Pete arrives to point them out and they find themselves in jail. Pete's reluctant accomplice, knowing they are innocent, gets them out and they head after Pete to try to get a confession."] ["{{Plot}} In 19th century Asia, Yang  is a warrior and member of the Sad Flutes clan, the cruelest assassins in the world. His personal goal to become the greatest swordsman in the entire world is accomplished when he kills the former greatest swordsman and leader of the enemy clan. Both clans swore to fight until every single member of the opposing clan was dead. Yang has killed every member, except a baby girl he comes upon, spares and decides to watch over. This act makes Yang a sworn enemy of his own clan, and is not safe in his homeland. Yang arrives in Lode, a small, dusty, town, where the main attraction used to be a carnival. There he seeks out a fellow rogue warrior friend known to the townsfolk as Smiley. Yang discovers Smiley died 3 years ago, but ran the town's laundry shop. Among the townspeople Yang meets, he is introduced to the gang of friendly carnies led by dwarf Eight-Ball , Ron , the vagrant drunk and Lynne , a spunky young woman who was friends with Smiley. Lynne gives Yang the nickname Skinny and agrees to teach him how to do the laundry. Yang begins to enjoy his life in the town, learning to enjoy pleasures he never knew as a warrior. He becomes friendly with the people, a hard worker, and able gardener, while the baby dubbed April , is adored by all. He even finds an interest in opera, after Lynne shows him on a gramophone. Lynne reveals to Yang that Smiley taught her both a little bit of the sword and the Sad Flute clan. She wants Yang to teach her more, and asks about the Sad Flutes' name. He explains that it describes the sound of blood coming from your victim's slit throat, but he is reluctant to show any of his warrior skill. Back in the East, Yang's former clan is shown to be looking for him. His former master Saddest Flute  and his ninja army take the same boat to America, killing the entire crew in the process. Saddest Flute states that to find Yang in such a large country, they would wait and listen. Yang one day sees Lynne place flowers on a grave, and asks Eight-Ball what happened. He explains in a flashback, that years ago, when Lynne was an adolescent girl, the town came under siege by a corrupt Colonel . His preference to rape women with healthy teeth prompts him to choose Lynne as his victim while her father is held to the ground, and mother and baby brother forced to stand by. When Lynne is brought to the Colonel in a kitchen, she manages to evade him by throwing a pan of potatoes frying in grease on his face. She runs outside, and the Colonel shoots her in the back. Her father struggles free and is shot dead by the Colonel, while her mother holding her brother runs over and both are also killed. When the townsfolk buried her family, they found Lynne still breathing. Since then, Lynne has made revenge on the Colonel a priority, aching to learn to fight and kill, and practices throwing knives, at which she her aim is lacking. Yang surprises Lynne by showing her that her knife throwing was prohibited by her sight, not her arm, and gives her a successful lesson by blindfolding her. Lynne is clearly fond of Yang, and gives him a charm on a necklace that belonged to her mother, as a present. Yang shows her his jedok geom , but Lynne notes it is welded to its scabbard. Yang explains it is so his past cannot hear the sound of the lives he has taken, and if his past finds him, there will be no more music. In a flashback, it is shown as a young boy, Yang was given a present of a small puppy from his master, and was being trained to become the strongest. The Colonel returns to the town to terrorize the people. He now wears a frightening face prosthetic to hide the grotesque scar from the hot grease. The colonel tortures a clown by having his men shoot at a bucket of water on the Clown's head, and is about to have them shoot at a glass of whiskey when Ron the drunk takes the shot glass and drinks it. Ron is dragged through the town by a whip around his neck pulled by horse. The Colonel then inspects a lineup of women for their teeth, and chooses a Hispanic woman whose husband begs for mercy. The Colonel releases the woman to her husband to shoot them simultaneously. Eight-Ball and the other carnies tie Lynne up in a cellar for her own good as well as the people. Yang removes her blades, agreeing with the carnies. Lynne manages to free herself with a concealed knife in her boot. The Colonel has the Hispanic woman's daughters cleaned to be raped, but Lynne, disguised as a prostitute offers herself instead. She fools the Colonel, thinking she will be able to kill him when he reveals he recognized her after smelling her neck. The Colonel's men rush in to hold Lynne down to the bed. Back in the laundry, the carnies run in looking for Lynne, and Yang realizes where she is. He grabs an iron and shatters the seal on his sword to free it. Far away, Saddest Flute jerks up from meditation, sensing the seal break, and is aware of Yang's location. Just as she is about to be raped, Yang bursts in through the window, expertly and easily slaying everyone in the room but Lynne and the Colonel. As Yang turns to kill him, Lynne intercedes that she will do it, but the Colonel grabs her and leaps out the other window, using her to break his fall. The Colonel runs down an alley to escape. Lynne sees him fleeing on a horse and shuts her eyes to deliver an expert knife throw to the back of his head. The townsfolk pull off the prosthetic to reveal a lackey of the Colonel, now especially scared that he will return with an army of outlaws to kill them all. Yang is about to leave town before the Sad Flutes come for him, but the townsfolk implore him to stay and help. The people are worried they don't have the means to defend their town, but Eight-Ball has Ron's secret stash of guns and explosives unburied. Ron is shown to be an expert marksman, shooting a bowling pin down amidst his best liquor from hundreds of feet away. Yang asks Ron while preparing why Ron stopped shooting. Ron explains that he was once an outlaw, using his great skill to rob banks, and trains. His criminal career ended when the woman he loved was shot during a gunfight, and he vowed to never pick up a gun again, until that day. Ron advises for men like him and Yang, the best thing they could do for the ones they loved was stay as far away from them as possible, that they are like flowers while he and Yang are sand. The day before battle, Lynne comes to Yang and asks to leave with him after the fight, and to think on it. Later that night, Yang comes to Lynne's house. He gives her his own twin short swords, explaining these were to kill. Yang tells her to come close. The day comes and the Colonel arrives with scores of outlaws to charge the town. Yang stands across his flower garden, waiting. As the men approach, they are met with explosions. From miles away in the top ferris wheel cab, Ron is sniping sticks of dynamite hidden in the garden as riders come. In the ensuing dust and chaos, Yang rapidly and stealthily disposes of the men. The outlaws are lured to the ferris wheel, where Yang and the carnies ambush them. Ron slides to safety on a cable, and the ferris wheel is blown up, killing many of the Colonel's men. Thinking it safe, the carnies come out from cover, only to be attacked by the numerous remaining outlaws. The Colonel's men chase the carnies to the center of town, where the Sad Flutes suddenly assemble. Saddest Flute instructs them 'kill.' Yang looks to Lynne holding April and tells her to run. The carnies manage to get away before the bloodshed between the outlaw cowboys and clan warriors starts. Yang runs after Lynne and must cut down several warriors before following her to the laundry shop. Meanwhile, the cowboys in town manage to shoot down some clan warriors, but are engaged in lethal battle. In the laundry, Lynne hands April to Eight-Ball so she can help Yang. While he is killing a warrior, she saves him from another sneaking in. After they are safe for the moment, they hear shots, and run to Eight-Ball, where he is dying and says he couldn't protect April. He dies and the Colonel is seen carrying her in a building, yelling at his men to make sure no one got in. The Sad Flutes pursue hotly, and are mostly fended off with a small machine gun, but the outlaws are unable to stop Yang, as he brutally slices through them all. He comes in the room to find the Colonel holding a gun to April's head, and leaps up to cut the barrel and bullet in half mid-firing. Catching April from falling, Yang steps aside to let Lynne fight the Colonel. After a tense battle, Lynne manages to finally drive a sword into the Colonel's back. Yang and Lynne exit the room to find Saddest Flute sitting across the carnage at the end of the hall. He tells Yang that April is the enemy, and asks if he would ever tell April that Yang killed her parents, her whole clan, and observes that Yang ran away from his old life of killing to kill more. He says Yang does not belong there. Yangs claims he does, or did, and will not kill April. Yang and Saddest flute go to the desert in the sunset, and duel to the death. During, flashbacks show Saddest Flute training Yang as an adult in pouring rain, drilling him through adolescence in the snow, and forcing child Yang to kill the puppy he was given, declaring Yang's biggest enemy would be his heart, and as an assassin, he must kill what he loves. In the present, Yang wins the duel, cutting Saddest Flute's throat. Lynne tells Yang she knows she won't be coming with him, and tries to hand him April, but he refuses. He makes the baby laugh once more, and gives Lynne a caring look. Yang turns to the sunset, and Ron tells him to 'keep walking, sandman.' Ron narrates that the warrior never stopped walking, to put as much space between him and the little lady he loved as possible, showing April then Lynne. The scene then shifts to the a snowy, glacial environment. Opera plays from a small fish shack where a hooded man in a parka sits. Another approaches and asks how much for a fish. The sitting man nimbly kills the other, knives falling out of his hands as he collapses. Yang stands up and goes to his shack, where he takes the pendant he had been given by Lynne, his sword disguised as a snowman's broom, and April's pacifier, and sets the hut on fire. Walking out to the snow, a slew of clan warriors leap out of the snow, and Yang unsheathes his sword as the scene fades."] ['On the outskirts of a wind-swept Arizona cattle town, an aggressive and strong-willed saloonkeeper named Vienna maintains a volatile relationship with the local cattlemen and townsfolk. Not only does she support the railroad being laid nearby , but she permits "The Dancin\' Kid" and his confederates to frequent her saloon. The locals, lead by McIvers but egged on by Emma Small, are determined to force Vienna out of town, and the hold-up of the stage  offers a perfect pretext. Vienna faces them down helped by the mysterious and just arrived Johnny Guitar. He turns out to be her ex-lover and a reformed gunslinger whose real name is Johnny Logan. Their smouldering love/hate relationship develops until McIvers gives Vienna, Johnny Guitar and "The Dancin Kid" and his sidekicks 24 hours to leave. The Dancin\' Kid and his gang rob the town bank to fund their escape to California. but the pass is blocked by the railroad who are dynamiting a way in and they flee back to their secret hideout behind a waterfall. Emma Small convinces the townsfolk that Vienna is as guilty as the rest and the posse ride to her saloon. Vienna appears to be getting the best of another verbal confrontation when one of the wounded bank robbers is discovered under the table. Emma persuades the men to hang Vienna, and burns the saloon down. At the last second Vienna is saved by Johnny Guitar. Vienna and Johnny escape the posse and find refuge in The Dancin\' Kid\'s secret hideaway. The posse tracks them down and The Kid and his men are killed. Emma challenges Vienna to a showdown. Vienna is wounded in the duel, but she manages to kill Emma. A halt is called to the bloodbath by the posse\'s leader, McIvers. Vienna and Johnny depart, hopeful that better days lie ahead.'] ["Don José Gran, a rich businessman from Buenos Aires, travels to La Pampa in search for horses. He hires Juan, a noble gaucho that tames horses for a living, to aid him in his search. On that very day, Juan rescues a damsel in distress, María, from a crazed horse. Don José Gran then kidnaps María and goes back to Buenos Aires with her. Juan decides to go uptown and rescue her; a fellow ranch hand, Don Genaro, tags along. Juan and Don Genaro try to go by cart to Buenos Aires, but the vehicle gets stuck, so they take the train instead. Once in Buenos Aires, they ask for directions and end up chasing a fleeing streetcar that takes them all the way to Gran's mansion. Don Genaro gets in trouble for smoking in the streetcar, and decides not to be involved in María's rescue, preferring instead to go shopping for supplies. Juan infiltrates the mansion and waits for Don Gran to arrive; he then fights him and overpowers him. María, who had been previously assaulted by Gran, is supposed dead by Juan and mourns her. As María wakes up, Gran creeps up behind Juan, ready to kill him, but Juan blocks the stab and overcomes him once more. As he is about to kill him, María stops him, claiming that a gaucho would never kill a defenseless man. They escape the mansion and happily board the train home. The last shot shows Don Genaro on his way to the train, losing his step and scattering the supplies over the street. He picks them up, waving young boys away, and picks his way up. After María and Juan return to the country, Gran plans a revenge. He talks the 'comisario' and accuses falsely Juan of being a 'cuatrero'. The 'comisario' begins a search of Juan. María tells Juan to escape. Juan finds Gran and starts a pursuit on horses. Gran reaches a 'zanja' and falls down. Juan goes down and try to help him, but Gran dies. Justice wins. The film ends."] ['Gambler Jason Sweet  wins a herd of sheep in a poker game and proceeds to take them by train into the middle of cattle country. It is not long before the townsfolk take notice , but Sweet is more than up to the challenge. The first thing he does is pick a fight with the roughest, toughest man around, "Jumbo" McCall , and beat him up. He also reveals himself to be an expert with a gun. Dell Payton  does not know what to make of him, but is attracted to him, as is he to her. Her fiancé, local cattle baron "Colonel" Steven Bedford , is troubled by this and also because he and Sweet know each other. The newcomer recognizes Bedford as an old acquaintance, Johnny Bledsoe, a card sharp and gunfighter gone respectable. When Bedford finds himself losing their battle for domination, despite initially having the whole town behind him, he sends for professional gunman Chocktaw Neal . Chocktaw and his two buddies all have grudges against Sweet. Chocktaw tries to goad Sweet into a shootout, but Sweet spots Chocktaw\'s friends, aiming at him with their rifles. Fortunately, Dell and Milt Masters  are able to disarm them, and Sweet is quicker to the draw than Chocktaw. The final showdown comes down to Bedford and Sweet. Sweet is faster and smarter, and Bedford ends up dead. Then, to Dell\'s utter astonishment, Sweet sells the sheep so he can buy cattle. He explains he only kept them because he refuses to be pushed around by anybody. The couple then ride away together.'] ['In 1821, Don Diego de la Vega  fights against Spain in the Mexican War of Independence as Zorro, a mysterious avenger who defends the Mexican peasants and commoners of Las Californias. Don Rafael Montero ([[Stuart Wilson , the cruel governor of the region, learns de la Vega\'s identity. Arresting de la Vega in his home, his beloved wife Esperanza  is accidentally killed by one of Montero\'s soldiers. Montero imprisons de la Vega and takes his infant daughter, Elena, as his own and leaves for Spain. Twenty years later, Montero returns from exile in Spain with Elena , who has grown into a beautiful woman, by his side. He is planning to turn California into an independent republic. However, his reappearance also awakens a long-dormant de la Vega, who has spent two decades living in anonymity during his imprisonment. He escapes from prison, and as he plans his revenge on Montero, de la Vega encounters a thief, Alejandro Murrieta , who - along with his brother - greatly admired Zorro as a child and even had a small hand in the hero\'s last great exploit. After a brief period of deliberation, de la Vega decides to take Alejandro as his protégé. Inspired by the wish for revenge upon Captain Harrison Love , his brother\'s killer and Montero\'s right hand man, he endures the tough training regimen brilliantly. After Alejandro steals a black stallion resembling Toronado, Zorro\'s long deceased horse, and leaves Zorro\'s mark at the scene, de la Vega scolds him claiming that Zorro was a servant of the people, not a thief or adventurer. He challenges Alejandro to gain Montero\'s trust and pose as Don Alejandro del Castillo y García, a visiting nobleman, with de la Vega posing as his servant, Bernardo. Both attend a party at Montero\'s hacienda, where he gains Elena\'s admiration and titillation and enough of Montero\'s trust to be invited to a secret meeting. There, Montero hints at a plan to retake California for the Dons by buying it from General Santa Anna, who needs money to fund his upcoming war with the United States. Alejandro and the Dons are taken to a secret gold mine known as "El Dorado", where peasants and criminals are used for slave labor. The plan is to buy California from Santa Anna using gold mined from Santa Anna\'s own land. Meanwhile, de la Vega uses this opportunity to become closer to Elena: still posing as Bernardo, he learns that Montero raised her telling her that her mother died in childbirth. De la Vega sends Alejandro, as Zorro, to steal the map leading to the gold mine: he duels Montero, Love, and their guards at the hacienda. When Alejandro escapes, Elena attempts to retrieve Montero\'s map, but he uses his sword to strip off her clothing and seduces her, leading to a passionate kiss before he flees. Terrified of Santa Anna\'s retribution if he discovers that he is being paid with his own gold, Montero decides to destroy the mine, along with all its workers, to better hide all evidence. De la Vega tells Alejandro to release the workers on his own so that he can reclaim Elena: he corners Montero at his hacienda and reveals his identity, but is captured. As he is taken away, Elena, inspired by a chance encounter with a woman who had been her nanny at the market, asks Montero the name of the flower that her mother had hung about her crib: when it is de la Vega who tells Elena its name, she realizes he is her father. She releases de la Vega from his cell and they proceed to the mine, which Zorro has begun to infiltrate. De la Vega stops Montero from shooting Zorro and the two duel. Meanwhile Zorro is confronted by Love and they duel. In the end, Alejandro avenges his brother by impaling Love with his own sword, and de la Vega sends Montero to his death by dragging him off a cliff behind a gold laden cart which crushes Love. Elena and Alejandro free the workers before the explosives go off, where they attend to the mortally wounded de la Vega. He makes peace with Alejandro before dying, passing the mantle of Zorro to him, and gives his blessings for Alejandro\'s and Elena\'s prospective marriage. They re-build the de la Vega hacienda and have a son named Joaquin, honoring Alejandro\'s brother.'] ["During the 1970s, FBI agent Ray Levoi is assigned to aid in the investigation of a political murder; that of Leo Fast Elk , on a Native American reservation in South Dakota. Agent William Dawes, Levoi's superior, has chosen him for the task due to his mixed Sioux heritage which might assist in the inquiry as they interview local townspeople. Levoi's new partner, agent Frank Coutelle, has diligently worked on the probe looking to apprehend a prime suspect: Aboriginal Rights Movement radical Jimmy Looks Twice. While helping Coutelle track down the suspect, Levoi gradually becomes sensitized to Indian issues, partially from his attraction to Maggie Eagle Bear, a political Native American activist and schoolteacher. Levoi comes to suspect there is a conspiracy and cover-up involving the small town, much to Coutelle's anger. Levoi and Crow Horse later discover that a local government sponsored plan to strip mine uranium on the reservation is at the root of the killings. The mining is polluting the water supply and fueling a bloody conflict between the reservation's anti-government ruling council and the pro-government natives who, led by tribal council president Jack Milton, are not above using violence to further their aims. Milton does not own the land where the mining occurs, but gets kickbacks from the leases. Coutelle is later revealed to be part of the scandal to silence the opposition and help broker the land deal. Soon after finding Maggie Eagle Bear and former convict Richard Yellow Hawk murdered, a showdown ensues between Coutelle and pro-government collaborators against Levoi, Crow Horse and the anti-government activists. Coutelle becomes outnumbered by the armed resistance and is later investigated on charges of corruption."] ['Ray Dokes ([[Luke Kirby , is fresh out of prison. Returning home, he discovers the countryside of his youth transformed. Urban development crawls across the pastoral fields like a rash. Determined to stay out of trouble, Ray heads to the farm of his old friend Pete , a Texan cowboy, whose debts are growing faster than his corn. Sonny Stanton , the heir to a thoroughbred dynasty, is buying the entire concession of farmland to build a golf course. One of the farms he’s after belongs to Etta Parr , Ray’s old flame. Seems she’s the only one brave enough to stand in Sonny’s way Ray hooks up with Chrissie Nugent , a kick-ass jockey and tries to steer clear of Sonny. When a million-dollar thoroughbred goes missing from the Stanton Stables, Sonny gets desperate and forces the sale of the community’s remaining farms. Ray reacts by coming up with a scheme to stop Sonny once and for all. One false move will land Ray back in jail.'] ['In the year 2019, a gang of bandits calling themselves the "United Regime" invade the town of New Hope. They are led by General Quantrill , a descendent of the famous Confederate cavalry officer William Quantrill. A mysterious motorcycle riding gunslinger called Yuma  arrives in town and joins the gang, but plays the thugs against each other, causing the drunken riders to shoot each other. The next morning Yuma\'s love interest Sarah kills two others from the gang, but the Regime believes Yuma is responsible. Yuma hunts down his accusers and shoots six of them. He is chased by the rest of the gang to the tire refinery, but kills them all, including Quantrill\'s son. The sole survivor, Ackett  escapes to warn Quantrill. Most of the townsfolk flee but Sarah stays to help Yuma. Quantrill descends on the town with his entire army, only to find the road blocked by coffins filled with the bodies of his son and troops. Enraged, he shoots Ackett with a shotgun and enters the town, only to find it empty. The buildings, rigged with explosives, are detonated and most of Quantrill\'s army is destroyed. The remaining thugs converge on the town center and are attacked by armed townsfolk. Quantrill spots Yuma in a tower and sends his men after him. When they enter the tower Yuma abseils down and detonates a bomb hidden inside. Meanwhile, Sarah\'s son hides in an armored school bus which is later hijacked by Quantrill, who is chased by Yuma and Sarah. Yuma climbs into the bus and crashes it into a wrecked car. Quantrill and Yuma lie on the injured road, both within reach of their guns. Yuma draws first and kills Quantrill. Yuma loads Quantrill\'s corpse onto his bike and reveals he was a bounty hunter tasked with capturing Quantrill, before riding off into the sunset.Steel Frontier'] ['A group of prostitutes in Big Whiskey, Wyoming, led by Strawberry Alice , offers a $1,000 reward to whomever can kill Quick Mike  and "Davey-Boy" Bunting , two cowboys who disfigured Delilah Fitzgerald , one of their own. This upsets the local sheriff, Little Bill Daggett , a former gunfighter and now an obsessive keeper of the peace who does not allow guns or criminals in his town. Little Bill had given the two men leniency, despite their crime. Miles away in Kansas, the Schofield Kid , a boastful young man, visits the pig farm of William Munny , seeking to recruit him to kill the cowboys. In his youth, Munny was a bandit who was notorious for being a vicious, cold-blooded murderer, but he is now a repentant widower raising two children and has sworn off alcohol. Though Munny initially refuses to help with the assassination, his farm is failing, putting his children\'s future in jeopardy. Munny reconsiders a few days later and sets off to catch up with the Kid. On his way, Munny recruits Ned Logan , another retired gunfighter who reluctantly leaves his wife  to go along. Back in Wyoming, gunfighter English Bob  and his biographer, W. W. Beauchamp , arrive in Big Whiskey, also seeking the reward. Little Bill and his deputies disarm Bob, and Bill beats him savagely, hoping to set an example for other would-be assassins. The next morning Bob is ejected from town, but Beauchamp decides to stay and write about Bill, who has impressed him with his tales of old gunfights and seeming knowledge of the inner workings of a gunfighter\'s psyche. Munny, Logan and the Kid arrive later amid a rain storm and go to the saloon/whorehouse to discover the cowboys\' location. Munny has a bad fever after riding in the rain, and is sitting alone in the saloon when Little Bill and his deputies arrive to confront him. Little Bill has no idea who Munny is, and after finding a pistol on him he beats him brutally and kicks him out onto the street. Logan and the Kid, upstairs getting "advances" on their payment from the prostitutes, escape out a back window. The three regroup at a barn outside of town, where they nurse Munny back to health. Three days later, they ambush a group of cowboys and kill Bunting&nbsp;– although it becomes apparent that Logan and Munny no longer have much stomach for murder. Logan decides to return home while Munny and the Kid head to the cowboys\' ranch, where the Kid ambushes Quick Mike in an outhouse and kills him. After they escape, a very distraught Kid confesses he had never killed anyone before, and renounces the gunfighter lifestyle. When Little Sue  meets the two men to give them the reward, they learn that Logan was captured by Little Bill\'s men and tortured to death, but not before giving up the identities of his two accomplices. The Kid heads back to Kansas to deliver the reward money to Munny and Logan\'s families, while Munny drinks half a bottle of whisky and heads into town to take revenge on Bill. That night, Logan\'s corpse is displayed in a coffin outside the saloon. Inside, Little Bill has assembled a posse to pursue Munny and the Kid. Munny walks in alone and promptly kills Skinny Dubois ([[Anthony James , the saloon owner and pimp. After some tense dialogue, a gunfight ensues, leaving Bill wounded and several of his deputies dead. Munny orders everyone out before stopping Little Bill from reaching for his pistol. Bill curses Munny before the latter finishes him with a final gunshot. Munny then threatens the townsfolk before finally leaving town, warning that he will return if Logan is not buried properly or if any prostitutes are further harmed. The final scene is a bookend shot of Munny\'s farm, and of Munny paying a final visit to his wife\'s grave. The epilogue text that follows reads that Munny and his family were rumored to have moved to San Francisco and "prospered in dry goods".'] ["Dr Rand, leading and expedition to an uncharted island in the Arctic circle that may be the ancestral home of all Native Americans, is shipwrecked. The only survivors are Dr Rand's son and his servant Mokuyi. Years later, a message from the sinking ship is found and an expedition sets out to find the island again. Part of the crew, led by smuggler Solerno, mutinies when they reach the island, abandoning Dr Munro and his expedition. Fortunately, Dr Munro and company are rescued by Kioga, the adult son of Dr Rand, who has been raised on the island by Mokuyi."] ['A young rancher, swindled in a cattle deal, kills a rancher, in self defense, who has accused him of stealing his cattle. He then gets caught up in adventure and romance as he tries to prove his innocence and clear his name.'] ["Texas Ranger Dusty Rivers  is sent to Canada during the 1880s in pursuit of outlaw Jacques Corbeau , arriving in the midst of the Riel Rebellion. Dusty meets nurse April Logan  and quickly falls in love with her. However, she is already involved with Canadian Mountie Sergeant Jim Britt . Dusty and April have become involved with one another, which becomes evident to Jim, to whom April wishes to remain loyal. Meanwhile, April's brother, Ronnie Logan ([[Robert Preston , who also is a Mountie, is in love with Corbeau's daughter, Louvette . Louvette loves Ronnie intensely and is determined to protect Ronnie in the coming fight at all costs, using Ronnie's feelings for her father's benefit at times. Corbeau is eventually tracked down to his hideout. When the showdown between Dusty, the Mounties, and the supporters of Corbeau finally arrives, Louvette tricks Ronnie, and ties him to a chair to keep him safe, after he had given her information vital to the Mounties' planned attack on the outlaws. Ronnie is unable to warn his fellow Mounties and Rivers that they are riding into a trap. The lawmen are ambushed and think Ronnie is a deserter. Dusty Rivers helps to turn the tide of the battle and Sergeant Jim arrests Corbeau. Rivers tracks down Ronnie at Louvette's hideout and convinces him to turn himself in, however he is killed in a case of mistaken identity. Afterwards, Dusty Rivers is set to return to Texas, but first gives April and Jim his blessing."] ['Set in New Mexico around the turn of the 19th to 20th century and told in flashback, the film tells the story of Jeb  whose entire family was slaughtered when he was a young boy. The vision haunts him into adulthood, but the rest of his childhood is forgotten. When the killers discover that Jeb is the only family member to survive, they vow to kill him too. He spends his life avoiding his unseen assailants, trying to remember his past and find the men responsible for the killings.'] ['The setting is the east shore of the Caspian Sea  where the Red Army soldier Fyodor Sukhov has been fighting the Civil War in Russian Asia for a number of years. The movie opens with a panoramic shot of a bucolic Russian countryside. Katerina Matveyevna, Sukhov\'s beloved wife, is standing in a field. Awakening from this daydream, Sukhov is walking through the Central Asian desert – a stark contrast to his homeland. He finds Sayid buried in the sand. Sayid, an austere Central Asian, will come to Sukhov\'s rescue in sticky situations throughout the movie. Sukhov frees Sayid, and they strike a friendly but reticent relationship. While traveling together they are caught up in a desert fight between a Red Army cavalry unit and Basmachi guerrillas. The cavalry unit commander, Rakhimov, "convinces" Sukhov to help, temporarily, with the protection of abandoned women of the Basmachi guerrilla leader Abdullah\'s harem. Leaving a young Red Army soldier, Petrukha, to assist Sukhov with the task, Rakhimov and his cavalry unit set out to pursue fleeing Abdullah. Sukhov and women from Abdullah\'s harem return to a nearby shore town. There, Sukhov charges the village museum\'s curator with protecting the women, and prepares to continue home. Sukhov hopes to "modernize" the wives of the harem, and make them part of the revolution. He urges them to take off their burqa and reject polygamy. The wives are loath to do this, though, and as Sukhov takes on the role of protector, the wives declare him their new husband. Sukhov continues to press for their modernization and liberation, while trying to imagine, in one of the film\'s most amusing episodes, himself at the head of the polygamous family back in Russia. Soon, looking for a seaway across the border, Abdullah and his gang come to the same town and find Abdullah\'s wives. Sukhov is bound to stay. Hoping to obtain help and weapons to fight Abdullah\'s gang, Sukhov and Petrukha visit Paul Vereschagin, a former Tsar\'s customs official who has begun drinking. Vereschagin lives a lonely life as the only Russian, along with his wife, living in an isolated border town. His glory days are behind him: the walls are covered with pictures of Vereschagin from the military campaigns he fought in and was awarded and wounded. The Civil War has left him without an official job and without a place to go. He warms to Petrukha who obviously reminds him of his own son who died young. Sukhov and Petrukha solicit his help, but after discussing the matter with his nagging wife, Vereschagin refuses. Luckily, Sukhov finds a case of dynamite on which some old men from the village have been resting. Sukhov plants the dynamite on Abdullah\'s ship in the Caspian Sea. Meanwhile, Abdullah has confronted his wives, and is preparing to punish them for their dishonor – they did not kill themselves when Abdullah left them. Sukhov takes Abdullah hostage while Abdullah is with his wives. Once Sukhov has left, though, Abdullah escapes, killing Petrukha and Gyulchatai, the youngest wife of the harem. The museum curator shows Sukhov an underground passage dating back to the Samanid dynasty that leads to the sea. Sukhov and the women of the harem attempt to escape through the passage, but on arriving at the seashore they are impelled to hide in a large empty oil tank. Abdullah discovers their hiding place, and plans on setting the oil tank on fire. Enraged at the cold-hearted murder of Petrukha, Vereschagin decides to help Sukhov and takes Abdullah\'s ship after locking his wife inside their house. Sayid also helps Sukhov, and together they fend off Abdullah\'s gang. Vereschagin, ignorant of the dynamite on the ship and not hearing Sukhov\'s shouted warnings, tragically kills himself on the exploding ship. Sukhov kills Abdullah and his gang, and returns the harem to Rakhimov. He then begins his trek home on foot, having refused a horse since a horse is merely "a nuisance". Whether Sukhov will make it home to his beloved Katerina is unclear: the revolution is not over in Central Asia, and as an exemplary Red Army soldier like Sukhov may well be needed.'] ['In 1892, Jenny Hill  is infatuated with James Miller  the local outlaw. However, her mother  strongly disapproves and marries her off to Miller’s half-brother, Miller Brown . Miller Brown loves Jenny but his love is not reciprocated. Eventually, Jenny discovers Brown’s hidden secret of being a werewolf.'] ['Teenager Grace MacLean  and her best friend Judith  go out early one winter\'s morning to ride their horses, Pilgrim and Gulliver. As they ride up an icy slope, Gulliver slips and hits Pilgrim. Both horses fall, dragging the girls onto a road and colliding with a truck. Judith and Gulliver are killed, while Grace and Pilgrim are both severely injured. Grace, left with a partially amputated right leg, is bitter and withdrawn after the accident. Meanwhile, Pilgrim is traumatized and uncontrollable to the extent that it is suggested he be put down. Grace\'s mother, Annie , a strong-minded but workaholic magazine editor, refuses to allow Pilgrim to be put down, sensing that somehow Grace\'s recovery is linked with Pilgrim\'s. Desperate for a way to heal both Grace and Pilgrim, Annie tracks down a "horse whisperer", Tom Booker , in the remote Montana mountains. Tom agrees to help, but only if Grace also takes part in the process. Grace reluctantly agrees, and she and Annie go to stay at the Booker ranch where Tom lives with his brother and his brother\'s family. As Pilgrim and Grace slowly overcome their trauma, Annie and Tom begin to have mutual romantic feelings. However, they are both reluctant to act on these feelings&nbsp;– Annie is married and Tom had his heart broken before, when his wife left him because she belonged to the city, not the ranch. The status quo is broken when Robert MacLean , Grace\'s father and Annie\'s husband, unexpectedly shows up at the ranch. Annie is increasingly torn by her feelings for Tom and her love for her family. Soon, with Tom\'s help, Grace finally takes the last step to heal herself and Pilgrim&nbsp;– riding Pilgrim again. As the MacLeans get ready to leave the Booker ranch, Robert tells Annie that he knew Annie was in love with Tom, and gently asks Annie to make her decision one way or another before going home. Although Annie wishes she could stay with Tom on the ranch, she also knows that she belongs to the city, just like Tom\'s wife. The film ends with Annie driving away from the ranch, while Tom watches her go from the top of a hill.'] ['Though he fought for the North in the Civil War, John is asked by the Governor of Texas to get rid of some troublesome carpetbaggers. He enlists the help of Holden before learning that Holden too is plundering the local folk.'] ['Set in the state of Virginia during the American Civil War, James Stewart plays the role of family patriarch, Charlie Anderson. He and his six sons run the family farm, while his daughter Jennie  and daughter-in-law Ann  take care of the housework. Charlie\'s oldest son Jacob  wants to join the war, but Charlie repeatedly tells his family that they won\'t join the war until it concerns them. Although a few of the boys want to join, they respect their father\'s wishes and remain on the farm. Charlie\'s daughter Jennie is courted by a young soldier named Sam . He wants to marry Jennie, and when Charlie gives his permission, the wedding occurs a few days later. As soon as the vows are said, a young corporal rides up and announces that Sam is wanted back immediately. Sam leaves, much to the sorrow of his new bride. While out hunting raccoon, Charlie\'s youngest son and his friend stumble onto a Confederate ambush. They run away and stop for a drink at a pond. The boy is wearing an old rebel soldier cap that he found at the river. When a union patrol comes on them, the boy is taken as a prisoner of war. His young friend, Gabriel , runs to tell the Andersons what happened. When Charlie hears the news, he and his sons and daughter Jennie leave to look for the boy, leaving James  and his wife Ann at the farm with their young baby. Meanwhile, the boy is taken to a prisoner of war camp. He finds a man  who is going to escape, and decides to let the boy come along. They and a few other men successfully make it out of the camp and start heading south. Not long after, they come onto a Confederate camp, and are soon involved in a skirmish. The boy\'s friend is killed, and the boy himself is shot in the leg. When a Union soldier comes along about to kill him, the boy looks up into the face of his friend, Gabriel. Gabriel helps him off into a bush to hide until after the battle. Charlie Anderson, still looking for the boy, overpowers the Union soldiers on a train carrying prisoners. He looks through the boxcars, searching for the boy. When he finds that the boy is not there, he gets on his horse to leave. As he looks up, he sees young Sam coming through the crowd. Jennie is overjoyed to see her husband, and Sam leaves with the Andersons, telling the soldiers to burn the train and go home. Back at the farm, scavengers raid the place, killing both James and Ann. On their way back home, the Andersons run across a Confederate patrol. The young sentry, startled by the sound of horses, stands up and takes a shot at Jacob, killing him instantly. Charlie starts to kill the sentry, but stops to ask him his age. The sentry replies, "sixteen, sir." Charlie stops, remembering that his youngest son is sixteen. He emotionally tells the sentry that he wants him to live and be an old man and have many sons. He wants him to know what it feels like to lose one of them. When the Andersons return home, the doctor tells them what happened to James and Ann. Their young child Martha is still alive, and Charlie takes her in his arms. The following day at the breakfast table, Charlie begins his standard prayer, but is so heartbroken that he can\'t finish it. He goes out to the family graveyard to see his wife\'s grave. He sees the graves of James, Jacob and Ann alongside his wife, and as he talks to her, he hears church bells ringing in the distance. Coming back to the farmhouse, he demands to know why no one told him it was Sunday. The whole family gets dressed and ready for church, coming in the door of the church house as the singing is started. As the congregation completes the first song, the pastor, , starts to announce the next hymn. As he does so, the boy stumbles through the back door on a crutch. The whole congregation looks, and Charlie Anderson turns to see what is happening. As he sees the boy, his face lights up, and he helps him to the pew. The whole church joyously sings in unison as the film ends.'] ['In 1845, a small band of settlers traveling across the Oregon High Desert suspect their guide, Stephen Meek, may not actually know where he is going. What was supposed to be a two-week journey stretches into five. With no relief in sight, tensions rise as water becomes increasingly scarce and supplies run low. The wives look on as the husbands discuss what to do, unable to participate in the decision making. The dynamics of power begins to shift when they capture a lone Indian and hold him captive so he may lead them to water. Questions plague the settlers as they press on with dwindling resources: Should they trust Meek? Will the Indian lead them to water or a trap? Are there others following them? How much longer can they survive?'] ['The story begins in 1860 in Basin Field, a small  village on the slopes of the great mountains that border Canada in the "Far West". The film depicts the idealistic lifestyle of an old West farmer, his Indian wife and half-breed son, who narrates the tale. The main character is "Doc" Leonardo Pieraccioni, the village doctor, his Indian wife Pearl  and their son Jeremiah. Their idyllic life is is disrupted when his grandfather, an old gunslinger, shows up on the farm. Doc\'s father Johnny Lowen Harvey Keitel, a famous gunfighter, suddenly returns. Johnny says he has returned home to find rest and to finally retire. The family is not happy with his return, given his past lifestyle and mistreatment of his family. After his arrival in the village, Jack Sikora David Bowie, a killer who has been chasing Johnny for years, and his two henchmen hears he has returned. Jack is determined to kill Johnny, and does everything in his power to force his rival to accept a duel to the death. Given Jonny\'s reluctance to accept a duel, Jack kidnaps Doc\'s son Jeremiah. During the kidnap, Mary, the Saloon madam tries to defend him, but is killed in the process. Johnny accepts the duel in order to save Jeremiah,but ultimately the village idiot manages to kill Jack by an accidental fire.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0148508/'] ['In 1891, wealthy Sheikh Riyadh  sends his attaché Aziz  to invite American Frank Hopkins , and his mustang, Hidalgo, to enter the "Ocean of Fire," an annual 3,000-mile survival race across the Najd desert region, a race traditionally restricted to pure-bred Arabian horses. Hopkins had been a cowboy and a dispatch rider for the United States government. In this capacity, he had carried a message to the U.S. 7th Cavalry Regiment, authorizing the attack at Wounded Knee that resulted in massacre of a band of Lakota Sioux. While working as a stunt rider in Buffalo Bill\'s Wild West show, Hopkins and his horse are advertised as "the world\'s greatest distance horse and rider". The Arabs consider the al-Khamsa line to be the greatest distance horses. Aziz asks the show to stop using that phrase or to allow Hopkins and Hidalgo to enter the race and prove themselves. The American cowboy and his mustang are placed against the world\'s greatest Arabian horses and Bedouin riders, some of whom are determined to prevent a foreigner—and especially an "impure" horse—from finishing the race. For Hopkins, the Ocean of Fire becomes not only a matter of pride and honor but a race for his survival, as he and his horse attempt the near-impossible desert crossing. He intends to use the purse for saving mustangs. They were important to the Indians, who trained and used them, but the US government was trying to eliminate them to convert the Indians to farming. Throughout the race, competitors try to kill Hopkins and Hidalgo. Chief adversaries include the wealthy, spoiled British aristocrat Lady Anne Davenport , who owns a rival Arabian horse and is used to getting her own way. Another is the Sheikh\'s nephew, who wishes, contrary to his uncle\'s decree, to marry his cousin, the sheikh\'s daughter Jazira . A spirited girl and a horse-rider in her own right, she is rescued by Hopkins from a raid in which the Sheikh\'s nephew hoped to force her marriage by dishonoring her. She grows to trust the American. A recurring theme in the film is the fact that Hopkins\' father was European American and his mother a member of the Native American Lakota tribe. The Lakota call him "Blue Child" or "Far Rider". As a half-breed, he feels sympathy and pity for his mother\'s people, who are being driven to extinction by the settlers. However, he does not generally reveal his heritage, especially after the Wounded Knee massacre, for which he feels partly responsible. Jazira compares his relation to his heritage to her desire to avoid wearing a veil, saying that he mustn\'t "go through life hiding what God made you.... like me." Near the end of the race, Hidalgo is severely injured and Hopkins is dying of thirst. As he hallucinates, by Lakota tradition he sings a prayer to Wakan Tanka as his death song. But Hidalgo struggles up, and Hopkins rides bareback to finish the race, which he wins. After Hopkins returns to the United States, he buys many mustangs which would have been killed by the Government in an effort to control Indians. He releases the horses, including Hidalgo, into the wild.'] ["Hob Danvers comes to a Tucson, Arizona rodeo with Sylvia Lorgan in tow. Hob has been separated from wife Ruth for two years, and doesn't realize she intends to be at the rodeo. He meets up with old friends Lew and Meg Hutchins and learns that Lew is here looking for work. He is shocked to find that Lew's new job, after many years as a rodeo rider, is now as a clown. Current rodeo star Jackie Roach turns up and makes a pass at Sylvia, who rejects him. Hob competes in bareback riding and so impresses Lew's young son that Lew bribes a cowboy to change places and let him ride a bucking bronco. Lew is thrown and badly injures his leg. Ruth scolds the others for encouraging Lew, saying everyone should face the hard truth that his rodeo career is done. Lew, angry now, enters the Brahma bull competition over Meg's objections. Hob goes first and is thrown. Lew, attempting to distract the bull, cannot get away quickly enough due to his bad leg. He is fatally gored. Hob walks away, leaving Sylvia behind, but Ruth joins him on the way out."] ['In the desert wilderness of 1930s Manchuria, The Bad  - a bandit and hitman - is hired to acquire a treasure map from a Japanese official traveling by train. Before he can get it however, The Weird  - a thief  - steals the map and is caught up in The Bad\'s derailment of the train. This involves the slaughter of the Japanese and Manchurian guards, and various civilians. The Good  - an eagle-eyed bounty hunter - appears on the scene to claim the bounty on The Bad. Meanwhile The Weird escapes, eluding his Good and Bad pursuers. A third force - a group of Manchurian bandits - also want the map to sell to the Ghost Market. The Weird hopes to uncover the map\'s secrets and recover what he believes is gold and riches buried by the Qing Dynasty just before the collapse of their government. As the story continues, an escalating battle for the map occurs, with bounties placed on heads and the Imperial Japanese Army racing to reclaim its map as it can apparently "save the Japanese Empire". After a series of graphic shoot-outs and chases, a final battle erupts in which the Japanese army, Manchurian bandits, The Good, The Bad and his gang are chasing The Weird all at once. The Japanese army kills most of the bandits. The Good kills many Japanese soldiers and sets off an explosion that drives them away. The Bad\'s gang is slowly killed off and he kills those that attempt to leave the chase. Only the Bad, the Weird and the Good make it to the "treasure". However, they find that it is nothing more than a boarded-over hole in the desert. The Bad recognizes The Weird as the "Finger Chopper" - a criminal that cut off his finger in a knife fight five years ago - and the man that the Good had thought the Bad to be. Turning on each other in a final act of vengeance for the slights they suffered, they finally gun each other down after a prolonged Mexican standoff. The three lay in the sand, dying and alone, as the "useless hole" they had fought and died for suddenly and belatedly erupts with a geyser of crude oil. The Good does survive along with the Weird. With a newly raised bounty on the Weird, a new chase begins as he flees across the Manchurian desert.'] ["It is the Bakumatsu period in Japan. Jiro, a young boy of both Japanese and Ainu descent, was a foundling raised by a kindly innkeeper and her daughter in the village of Sai on the Shimokita Peninsula during the last years of the Tokugawa Shogunate, several years before the start of Japan's Meiji Restoration. One evening, a lone shinobi, appears out of the darkness and kills Jiro's adoptive mother and sister while the boy was away. When he returns home, he finds their dead bodies, a strange dagger and a whole host of angry villagers who blame him for killing his family. Rather than stay in the village and face a brutal crucifixion for the grave crime of parricide, Jiro escapes into the night with the dagger and meets with a buddhist monk called Tenkai who works for the Shogunate as an Oniwaban . Tenkai takes the boy face-to-face with the man who supposedly killed his family and gets him to deliver the killing blow. Afterwards, his entire village is set ablaze and the villagers slaughtered to cover up the incident. Tenkai then takes Jiro in at his temple on the island of Ezo, and has his subordinates Shingo and Sanpei train him in the ways of Ninja so that one day, he may learn of his father. Tenkai quickly dispatches Shingo to follow Jiro and make sure he stays to the same path as Tarouza, Jiro's late father. As Jiro travels in search of answers to the mystery of his family line, he comes across a group of Japanese men beating up an old Ainu man. The old man's son, Uraka, implores Jiro's help and he quickly dispatches the punks. The old man dies of his injuries, and Jiro and Uraka escape to Uraka's home village of Shinopirika-Kotan, unaware the old man's assailants are actually agents of Tenkai. At Kotan, the village elder recognizes Jiro's dagger as the Dagger of Kamui. He states that it was originally owned by the previous village chieftain, and as given as a gift to a Japanese ninja who married the chieftain's daughter, Oyaruru. The Elder then tells Jiro that one day Oyaruru returned to Kotan alone, and eventually left the village to live upriver by herself. Jiro seeks out Oyaruru, and learns she is his biological mother, and of the misfortune Tenkai had wrought on her family. Tenkai dispatched Tarouza to the mountain Kamui Nupuri to find a great treasure large enough to keep the Shogunate in power. Tarouza, however, broke all contact with Tenkai, and married Oyaruru. When Tenkai and his men caught up with them, he slashed the face of the infant Jiro, and sent him floating downriver in the canoe his parents would have used to escape. On the cliff above, Tarouza loses an eye to a primitive grenade, and his sword arm to Hanzou. He falls over the cliff, seemingly to his death. Jiro comes to the horrifying realization that Tenkai had tricked him; the man he stabbed was his father. During their evening meal, without ever noticing, both Jiro and Oyaruru take in a paralysis potion through the food and Oyaruru is killed with the Dagger of Kamui, implicating Jiro in her murder. Imprisoned according to village law, Uraka returns to help Jiro, who finally understands that Tenkai has been manipulating him and the time for revenge is at hand. Revelation after revelation of Jiro's heritage and family is revealed until the final climax: A bloody showdown between Tenkai and Jiro. The movie is very accurate in its depictions of pre-Meiji Japan, Russia, and the United States, and deals directly with historical events such as the Boshin War, and historical figures such as Saigō Takamori, Andō Shōzan, Oguri Kōzukenosuke Tadamasa, Geronimo, and Mark Twain."] ['In 1880 four escapees from death row, Crip , Leo , Chunk  and Hash  ride into the town of Paradise and enter the Rosebud Saloon. Crip shoots the town marshal Issac Webb  and takes ten men as hostages, killing some to ensure the four are unmolested. The gang leaves town with $11,200 from the Bank of Paradise and a female hostage Helen Caldwell  who entered the bar because her alcoholic Uncle Billy  was one of the captives. Prior to these events, Marshal Webb had sent for a friend and former gunfighter Banner Cole to take his place in leading a posse to rescue Helen and bring the men to justice. Though not a criminal, Cole is a loner that Webb wishes to enter the community through his being deputised. Cole is enraged to discover that the townspeople have put Webb on a table next to the three dead bodies of those murdered by the four. The doctor  said at first they thought Webb was dead himself, then realised he couldn\'t be moved so left him among the corpses. Webb\'s last act is to deputise Cole telling him to do the right thing, not out of hate, but out of liking people as the townsfolk are good people who have had bad things done to them. Cole agrees only out of liking Webb. The laconic Cole makes his original plan for hunting down the four by himself clear by turning down the offer of Webb\'s handcuffs by saying "I won\'t be needing any." However, town elder Benson convinces Cole to follow Webb\'s wishes and organize a posse. The men of the town gather but enthusiasm wanes when not as many able bodied men as expected volunteer to go up against the killers, some men leaving because the posse doesn\'t outnumber the killers by ten to one. Cole\'s frank assessment of the situation scares others off with Cole saying "If they\'re afraid of words they shouldn\'t go." Cole\'s posse eventually consists of the aged former Army Captain Jeremiah Brown ([[Robert Keith , who wishes to lead the posse himself in the manner of his long ago Army days, Uncle Billy, Burt Hogan , who wishes to revenge his brother Burl  murdered by the four, Jock Wiley ([[Paul Carr , a young gunhand seeking the experience to establish his reputation as a gunfighter, Seymour Kern ([[John Saxon , a bank employee who has just arrived on a special assignment from the New York parent and is browbeaten into joining to look after the bank\'s missing money and avoid taunts of cowardice from the bank manager , and Johnny Caddo , an Indian who merely thinks that joining is "the right thing to do." Cole doesn\'t want any of the inexperienced and troublesome men to come with him but he has no choice. The posse discover Helen who has been left behind tied up near a rattlesnake that Cole is able to remove from Helen\'s vicinity. Helen has been raped and is unwilling to return to the town to face the shame of being vilified by the population. Cole orders the willing Uncle Billy to return her by force if necessary. Captain Brown demonstrates his aged incompetence by disobeying Cole\'s orders and opening fire and nearly murdering four cowhands who he mistakes for the four killers. Cole has to wound Jeremiah to stop his shooting spree and orders him back to town with the cowhands who have been waylaid by the killers. Cole\'s distrust of his own posse begins to subside when he is impressed by the determination of the inexperienced Seymour who has never ridden a horse or used a firearm before and the quiet Johnny Caddo\'s acceptance of the prejudicial treatment he gets from the posse. The posse tracks the four to a farmhouse and surrounds it until Hogan makes a noise starting a gunfight. Cole kills one of the outlaws. The boasting Wiley is unable to actually kill a man and is killed as he freezes, allowing the remaining three to escape. Hogan begins shooting the corpse of the outlaw that Cole himself killed telling himself and the posse that Hogan himself killed the man who killed his own brother. When the men note that all the witnesses agree that it was actually Hash who had murdered his brother, Hogan refuses to listen and leaves the posse to return to town. Cole, Caddo, and Seymour continue tracking the party to the desert but realise that the outlaws have doubled back and are intending on returning to shoot up Paradise.'] ["Vince Carden's hatred for Indians has caused an estrangement from his brother Paul and disappointment from wife Martha. A wagon train joined by Paul is attacked by braves in retaliation for a raid by Vince, and the only survivor besides Paul is a woman, Kate Mayfield, returning home from her education back East. Vince organizes one more attack, pitting him against not only the Indians but his own brother."] ["Sheriff Pat Garrett ([[Thomas Mitchell  welcomes his old friend Doc Holliday  to Lincoln, New Mexico. Doc is looking for his stolen horse and finds it in the possession of Billy the Kid . Despite this, the two gunfighter take a liking to each other, much to Pat's disgust. This does not prevent Doc from trying to steal the horse back late that night, but Billy is waiting for him outside the barn. Billy decides to sleep in the barn, and is shot at. He overpowers his ambusher, who turns out to be curvaceous young Rio McDonald , out to avenge her dead brother. The next day, a stranger offers to shoot Pat in the back while Billy distracts the lawman. However, he is only setting the Kid up. Billy, suspicious as always, guns him down just before getting shot himself. There are no witnesses, and Pat tries to arrest Billy. Pat does not understand when Doc sides with the Kid. As the pair start to leave, Pat shoots Billy, forcing Doc to shoot the gun out of his hand and kill two of Pat's men. Doc takes Billy to the home of Rio and her aunt, Guadulupe . With a posse out searching, Doc rides away. Instead of killing the unconscious Kid, Rio instead nurses him back to health, a process that takes a month. By the time Doc returns, Rio has fallen in love with her patient. Doc is furious that Billy has stolen something else from him. After Doc's anger subsides a bit, the Kid gives him a choice: the horse or Rio. To Billy's annoyance, Doc picks the horse. Angered that both men value the animal more than her, Rio fills their canteens with sand. The two ride off without noticing. On the trail, they find themselves being pursued by Pat and a posse. The pair surmise that Rio tipped the sheriff off. Doc kills a few men from long range, but leaves Pat unharmed. When Doc wakes up one morning, he finds Billy gone and Pat waiting to handcuff him and take him back. Stopping at Rio's, the two men find that Billy has left tied her up in sight of water out of revenge. Suspecting that Billy loves Rio  and will return to free her, Pat waits. Sure enough, the Kid comes back and is also captured. On the way back to town, however, they find hostile Mescaleros all around. Pat reluctantly frees his prisoners and returns their revolvers after extracting a promise from Doc that he will give them back and make Billy do the same. They manage to elude the Indians, but Doc refuses to honor his word. As Doc tries to leave with his horse, Billy stops him. The two men decide to duel it out, with a pleased Pat expecting Billy to lose. However, as they await the signal , Billy realizes that Doc is a true friend, and moves his hands away from his guns. Doc tries to provoke him, inflicting minor wounds in one hand and both ears, but the Kid still will not fire. The two reconcile. Furious, Pat calls Doc out, despite not having a chance. Doc makes no attempt to shoot his friend and is himself fatally wounded. Pat is aghast. After Doc is buried, Pat offers to give Billy their friend's revolvers. He also persuades Billy to give him his guns, saying that he can then claim that it is Billy in the grave. The Kid can leave his past behind him and have a fresh start in life. However, it is all a trick. Pat had removed the firing pins from Doc's revolvers. Fortunately for Billy, while comparing the guns, he inadvertently switched one of Doc's for his. As a result, neither his gun nor Pat's fires. Billy pulls out a second, working gun. He handcuffs Pat, judging that the lawman will still state that Billy is dead rather than admit the Kid left him helpless. As he is riding away, Billy stops and looks back; an overjoyed Rio gets on his horse."] ['In the years following the Civil War, Kansas is in the middle of a difficult time. Homesteaders are moving into the west, trying to start new lives, and are going head to head against cattlemen who have been settled in that territory for years. In Abilene, one of the biggest cattle towns of the west, the town is on the brink of a confrontation between the cattlemen and the homesteaders. Marshall Dan Mitchell , who is the law in Abilene, has the job of keeping the peace between the two groups. For a long time, the town had been divided, with the cattlemen and cowboys having one end of town to themselves, while townspeople occupied the other end. Mitchell liked it this way, it made things easier for him, and kept problems from arising between the two factions. However, when homesteaders decide to lay stakes in the cowboys end of town, that balance is upset, and leads to a deadly showdown. The leader of the homesteaders is Henry Dreiser , a young man with good common sense, and the local sheriff is Bravo Trimble , a lawman who would rather play cards than be involved in any confrontation. Mitchell not only has the difficult job of juggling the upcoming confrontation, but also his love life.'] ["The story is set in Oklahoma Territory in 1889. It describes the efforts of Jed Cooper  to bring the men who tried to lynch him to justice. The men are Capt. Wilson , Reno , Miller , Jenkins ([[Bob Steele , Stone , Charlie Blackfoot , Maddow , Tommy , and Loomis . Cooper drives a small herd of cattle across a stream. When the men in a posse surround him, he shows them a receipt for the cattle, but the man he bought them from was a rustler who killed the herd's owner. Cooper explains that he knew nothing about the murder, but only Jenkins expresses doubts about his guilt. After Reno takes Cooper's saddle and Miller takes his wallet, the men hang him from a tree and ride away, leaving him for dead. Federal Marshal Dave Bliss ([[Ben Johnson  sees Cooper and cuts him down while he is still alive, then takes him to Fort Grant, where the territorial judge, Adam Fenton , determines that Cooper is innocent, sets him free, and warns him not to become a vigilante. As an alternative, Fenton offers Cooper a job as a marshal. Cooper accepts, and Fenton warns him not to kill the men who lynched him. One day, Cooper sees his saddle on a horse in front of a small-town saloon. He finds Reno inside and tries to arrest him, but Reno reaches for his gun, forcing Cooper to shoot him dead. When word of this becomes public, Jenkins turns himself in and provides the names of the rest of the posse. Cooper finds Stone in another town, arrests him, and has the local sheriff, Ray Calhoun , put him in jail. Most of the men Cooper seeks are respected members of the community, but Calhoun honors Cooper's warrants for their arrest. On their way to arresting the men, Cooper and Calhoun encounter the survivors of a new rustling/murder. Cooper and a posse catch the rustlers, who turn out to be Miller and two teenage brothers, Ben  and Billy Joe . Cooper takes them to Fort Grant single-handedly after refusing to let the posse lynch them. On the way, Ben and Billy Joe insist that Miller was the murderer. Miller catches Cooper off guard and attacks him, but Cooper overpowers and subdues him while the brothers watch. Fenton sentences all three rustlers to be hanged, despite Cooper's defense of the teenagers. Fenton insists that the public will resort to lynching if they see rustlers going unpunished, threatening Oklahoma's bid for statehood. Some time later, Calhoun arrives at Fort Grant and pays Cooper for his cattle. He is trying to bribe Cooper into leaving the rest of the men who lynched him alone. Cooper accepts the money but makes it clear that he still intends to arrest the men. With the bribe rejected, Blackfoot and Maddow flee, while Tommy and Loomis remain loyal to Wilson, who has decided to kill Cooper. At Fort Grant, Wilson, Loomis, and Tommy shoot Cooper up while most of the town watches the hanging of Miller, Ben, Billy Joe, and three other men. Cooper survives and is slowly nursed back to health by Rachel Warren . At Wilson's ranch, he kills Tommy and Loomis, and Wilson hangs himself. At Fort Grant again, Cooper threatens to quit unless Fenton releases Jenkins, who is both contrite and seriously ill. Fenton again insists that justice must be served, but he agrees to pardon Jenkins. Cooper agrees to continue as a marshal, and Fenton gives him warrants for Blackfoot and Maddow."] ['During the 1800s in the Wild West, a gunman by the name of Chance is hired to escort emotionally-challenged people across the desert safely.'] ['The story is set in a town in the American Southwest. Young Charles Cannon ([[Stephen Parker , after seeing a meteor crash in the desert heads out to investigate it. He becomes exposed to rays from the meteor and ages rapidly. He is now about ten years older, hairy, aggressive, and psychopathic. His mother hides him in the basement to protect him from the law.'] ["A range war is building in Wyoming. Caught on opposite sides are Sam Brassfield, who builds fences to protect his grass land, and Clay Mathews, a cattle baron determined to keep an open range. Both men argue their case before the cattlemen's association to President Chester A. Arthur, who happens to be in Cheyenne for a visit. A hired gun of Mathews picks a fight with Brassfield's top man, Johnny Quatro, in a saloon, then vows revenge after Brassfield intervenes. Brassfield proposes marriage to Sharleen Travers, who runs a neighboring ranch with her brother Harry. At first the spineless Harry sides with Mathews, but after a scolding from his sister, he apologizes to Brassfield. A while thereafter, the hired gun Bodine shoots and wounds the unarmed Harry, then kills Sharleen in cold blood. Another rancher mistakenly blames Brassfield for a raid that Matthews ordered. He changes sides after overhearing Brassfield speak on his behalf to the President. In a final showdown, Brassfield urges Mathews to keep the dispute between themselves, then outdraws Mathews in a gunfight. Bodine also pulls a gun, but Quatro shoots him down."] ["In Civil War-era Southern Missouri, Dr. Maggie McCullough  travels to the aid of her ailing Aunt Annie , the town's madame, in the lovely community of Sweetwater. With all of the men away at war, Maggie coordinates a truce between Aunt Annie's girls and the respectable women of the town. While Maggie contemplates the love triangle that's formed with an injured Union fighter  and a captured Confederate doctor , a demented faction of soldiers invade Sweetwater and the women must spring into action to defend their homes.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/129965/The-Wild-Women-of-Chastity-Gulch/details"] ["Outnumbered but determined, Wyatt Earp , his brothers Virgil  and Morgan ([[Sam Melville  and ally Doc Holliday  confront and clearly get the best of the Ike Clanton gang in a violent shootout at the O.K. Corral in the Arizona town of Tombstone. Ike , a rustler, conspires to have the Earps charged with murder and tried in a court of law. When they are cleared, Virgil runs for U.S. marshal, but is ambushed by some of Clanton's hired guns. Morgan elects to take the job in his brother's place, but he, too, is killed. Doc Holliday, a gambler who has been on the wrong side of the law himself more than once, is terminally ill with tuberculosis and is admitted into a Colorado sanitarium. Earp intends to clear out of Tombstone with what's left of his family and move to California, but changes his mind upon being appointed a federal marshal for the territory. Guns blazing, Earp and his posse ruthlessly hunt and kill various members of Clanton's gang. He rides to Mexico for a final showdown with Ike, shooting him dead. He makes one last trip to Holliday's death bed to say goodbye to his unlikely friend, then hangs up his badge and guns for good."] ['In the alien-western world of Oblivion, a suave, yet lethal bounty hunter named Sweeney arrives to arrest the seductive outlaw Lash on multiple charges, including murder. Lash, who just "inherited" a mine of Derconium  from Crowley in a game of cards, meets up with Redeye\'s brother, Jaggar, who wants the mine for himself to rule the galaxy. It\'s a fight over Lash between the sheriff of Oblivion, Jaggar, and Sweeney. But who will emerge victorious?'] ['Cheyenne Harry escapes from jail and lies low, working as a hired ranch hand. When he discovers a missing child in the wilderness, however, a complex plot of honor and secrecy unfolds.'] ['Choya, a gunfighter on the run, is tracked down by cowboys Leffingwell and "Tattoo" in the mountains. They make him a part of a scheme to bilk a rich rancher named Lavery. The plan requires a tattoo on Choya\'s shoulder, but as soon as "Tattoo" creates one, Leffingwell shoots him in the back. Choya rides to Lavery\'s Bar M ranch and asks foreman Ransome for a job, but doesn\'t get it. While they fight, Lavery and daughter Ruth ride up. Lavery feels the ranch could use another good hand, so Choya is hired. Ruth tells the new man how her 5-year-old brother was a kidnap victim many years ago, never seen again. One day, Lavery notices the tattoo and is amazed because his long-lost son had one just like it. Choya pretends it\'s a coincidence, but tells a story about a childhood memory that convinces Mr. and Mrs. Lavery that he is "Richard, Jr." Leffingwell turns up and is hired at the ranch. His plot is to kill Lavery so that Choya can inherit the ranch. A guilt-ridden Choya offers him an alternative, stealing Lavery\'s stock on a cattle roundup. Ruth rides along. Choya likes her so he double-crosses Leffingwell and has the cattle money deposited in the Lavery\'s account in an El Paso bank. He also learns that Leffingwell is the one who kidnapped the kid, only to have a Mexican bandit named Rubriz snatch the boy away. Choya crosses the border and finds Lavery\'s son has been raised by Rubriz under the name Tonio. He persuades Tonio to return to his real home. Rubriz\'s men give chase and so does Leffingwell, who is killed in a stampede. Choya and Tonio are trapped near the Rio Grande, but rescued just in time by Lavery and Ransome. Lavery makes a pact with Rubriz that the boy is old enough to go anywhere he pleases. Choya plans to ride off for good, but Ruth prefers that he stay.'] ['The aging Books and the Old West are dying. Arriving in Carson City, Nevada on January 22, 1901, reading reports of the death of Great Britain\'s Queen Victoria in the newspaper, Books seeks a medical opinion from someone he trusts, E. W. "Doc" Hostetler . Hostetler confirms a Colorado doctor\'s prognosis of a painful and undignified death from cancer, so Books rents a room from the widow Bond Rogers  and her son Gillom  to contemplate his fate. A distinctly nervous Marshal Walter Thibido  visits the house to order the notorious gunfighter to leave town. Books tells him about his terminal illness. The lawman is both relieved and elated, telling him, "Don\'t take too long to die." Books\' presence in town becomes known. Old enemies and glory seekers are drawn to him. Mike Sweeney  wants to avenge a brother\'s death. A newspaperman  wants to exaggerate and glorify the violence in Books\' life. Others seek fame by killing the gunfighter, Books being forced to shoot two strangers who try to ambush him in his sleep. Gillom is impressed, but his mother loses boarders and is upset by the violence in her home. Old flame Serepta  shows up to ask Books to marry her. He is touched until he learns that she wants to use his notoriety to make money from the sensationalized ghost-written "memoirs" of his widow. After Doc Hostetler sells Books laudanum to ease his pain and advises him not to die a death like he has described, Books bargains with someone who plans to profit from his death, the undertaker Hezekiah Beckum , from whom he orders a headstone with specific writings on it. Gillom tries to sell Books\' horse to Moses , the local blacksmith to help pay back his mother\'s loss of boarders, however, Books negotiates a better deal, confronts Gillom, and they work out their differences. Books sets himself up to die on his birthday rather than die of cancer and sends Gillom to three specific men: Mike Sweeney; Jack Pulford , a professional gambler and pistol shot; and Jay Cobb   with a message saying he will be at the Metropole saloon on January 29, his 58th birthday. On his birthday, the headstone he ordered arrives and shows 1843 as the year of his birth. Having made a gift of his horse, which he bought back, to Gillom as he has grown fond of him, Books says goodbye to Bond, whom he has gotten friendlier with and departs to meet his fate. In a changing frontier, Books arrives at the saloon by trolley and Sweeney in an Oldsmobile Curved Dash . It is early in the day, so there are no other customers for the bartender besides the four men. Books orders a drink from the bartender, and lifts his glass to each of the three men who are there at his invitation. Suddenly, one by one, the men draw their guns and open fire, each taking on Books. In the ensuing shootout, Books kills all of his opponents but is shot twice himself. Gillom arrives after the gunfight to find Books wounded but still alive. The bartender sneaks up on Books and empties a shotgun into his back. Gillom picks up Books\' gun and kills the bartender. Gillom looks at Books\' gun in horror, then tosses it away. Books looks on, nods his approval, and dies.'] ["Stratten played a lifelike, voluptuous android named Galaxina who is assigned to oversee the operations of an intergalactic Space Police cruiser captained by incompetent Cornelius Butt . When a mission requires the ship's crew to be placed in suspended animation for decades, Galaxina finds herself developing emotions and falling in love with the ship's pilot, Thor , as he and the other crew sleep."] ['In late 1890s Wyoming, Butch Cassidy  is the affable, clever, talkative leader of the outlaw Hole in the Wall Gang. His closest companion is the laconic dead-shot "Sundance Kid" . The two return to their hideout at Hole-in-the-Wall to discover that the rest of the gang, irked at Butch\'s long absences, have selected Harvey Logan  as their new leader. Harvey challenges Butch to a knife fight over the gang\'s leadership. Butch defeats him using trickery, but embraces his idea to rob the Union Pacific Overland Flyer train on both its eastward and westward runs, agreeing that the second robbery would be unexpected and likely reap even more money than the first. The first robbery goes well. To celebrate, Butch and Sundance visit a favorite brothel in a nearby town and watch, amused, as the town sheriff  unsuccessfully attempts to organize a posse to track down the gang. They then visit Sundance\'s lover, schoolteacher Etta Place . On the second train robbery, Butch uses too much dynamite to blow open the safe, blowing up the baggage car. As the gang scrambles to gather up the money, a second train arrives carrying a six-man team of lawmen. The robbers scatter but the posse heads after Butch and Sundance, who unsuccessfully try to hide out in the brothel and to seek amnesty from the friendly Sheriff Bledsoe . As the posse remains in pursuit despite all attempts to elude them, Butch and Sundance determine that the group includes renowned Indian tracker "Lord Baltimore" and relentless lawman Joe LeFors, recognizable by his white skimmer. Butch and Sundance finally elude their pursuers by jumping from a cliff into a river far below. They learn from Etta that the posse has been paid by Union Pacific head E. H. Harriman to remain on their trail until Butch and Sundance are both killed. Butch persuades Sundance and Etta that the three should escape to Bolivia, which Butch envisions as a robber\'s paradise. On their arrival there, a dismayed Sundance regards the country with contempt while Butch remains optimistic. They soon discover that they know too little Spanish to pull off a bank robbery, so Etta attempts to teach them the language. With her as an accomplice, they become successful bank robbers known as Los Bandidos Yanquis. However, their confidence drops when they see a man wearing a white skimmer and fear that Harriman\'s posse is still after them. Butch suggests "going straight", and he and Sundance land their first honest job as payroll guards for a mining company. However, they are ambushed by local bandits on their first run and their boss, Percy Garris , is killed. Butch and Sundance ambush and kill the bandits, the first time Butch has ever shot someone. Concluding that the straight life isn\'t for them, they return to robbery, but Etta decides to return to the United States. Butch and Sundance steal a payroll and the mules carrying it, and arrive in a small town. A boy recognizes the mules\' brand and alerts the local police, leading to a gunfight with the outlaws. They take cover in a building, but are both seriously wounded when Butch has to make a run to the mules for more ammunition. As dozens of Bolivian soldiers surround the area, Butch suggests the duo\'s next destination should be Australia. The film ends with a freeze frame shot on the pair charging out of the building, guns blazing, as the Bolivian forces fire repeatedly on them.'] ['A group of soldiers pulls up to a modest white house and goes inside. Moments later, they exit, dragging a boy in a dress who is frantically resisting them. The soldiers throw the boy in a wagon with other boys, one of whom is also dressed as a woman to avoid conscription. At the Dixon home, the soldiers search for Drew ([[Barry Brown  despite his mother\'s protest. She explains that she has already lost one son to the war. When the soldiers leave, Drew emerges from his hiding place. His parents give him $100 and urge him to go West, giving him their picture and his brother\'s watch as mementos. In St. Joseph, Missouri, Drew is approached by Jake Rumsey  who pistol-whips him and takes his money in an alley. Jake runs a gang of petty thieves who steal purses and rob children of their pocket change. While Drew is recovering at a minister\'s house, Jake arrives to return the purse that one of his gang stole from the minister\'s wife, hoping to collect a reward. Once inside, he purloins various household items until Drew sees him and attacks, demanding his money back. After a long struggle, Jake finally bests Drew and convinces him that he has no choice but to join his gang, as the Army will catch him if he tries to board a wagon train as is his plan. Jake introduces Drew to his gang of thieves: the brothers Jim Bob  and Loney Logan ([[John Savage , Arthur Simms , and the ten-year old Boog Bookin . Loney demands that Drew demonstrate his worth by committing a robbery and bringing in some money. Drew agrees and claims to have robbed a hardware store, when in fact he simply took $12 from his boot where he is hiding his parent\'s money. The gang heads West, hoping to improve their fortunes. At night, Drew reads to everyone from Jane Eyre. When they spy a rabbit, all six of them shoot at it, barely managing to kill it. Jake orders Boog to clean the rabbit, but Boog declines. Jake is stunned to realize that no one in the gang knows how to clean the rabbit. He demonstrates how to do it, but his barely contained disgust reveals that he is skinning his first rabbit. The next day, a settler and his wife are returning from the West, where they went bust. The settler offers his wife to all six boys for $10. Drew declines, citing his morals. The following morning, Big Joe  and his thugs, led by Hobbs ([[Geoffrey Lewis , come upon the boys while they are still asleep. During the robbery, Jake aims his gun at Big Joe, but doesn\'t have the nerve to fire. Flat broke, the gang tries to mount a string of unsuccessful robberies, which eventually grow tragic as Boog is shot while he runs with a pie from a window sill. The gang finally disintegrates for good when the Logan brothers rob Jake and Drew, taking his brother\'s watch and the horses. Left with only a mule, Jake and Drew wander aimlessly. Eventually, they come across the Logan brothers\' corpses hanging from a tree. Big Joe\'s gang has killed them, and as Jake and Drew bury their bodies, Hobbs leads the thugs to attack them, despite Big Joe\'s warning that they would bungle the job. Sure enough, Jake and Drew manage to kill all four thugs, and as Drew leans over Hobbs to retrieve his watch, he reveals a hole in his boot. Jake sees a $10 bill through the hole and realizes that Drew had lied about robbing the hardware store. He pistol-whips Drew again and takes the money. When Drew awakens, he wanders alone, swearing that he\'ll kill Jake if he ever sees him again. Seeing smoke on the horizon, he investigates, only to find that it was the result of a burning barn, set afire during a raid by Big Joe. Before he is hanged for taking part in the raid, one of Joe\'s men confirms to Drew that Jake has joined up with the gang. Drew joins the posse in order to get his revenge on Jake. The posse captures Big Joe\'s gang, and as Drew guards Jake, he realizes how guilty he is by lying about his money. Jake offers to split $1,000 that the gang has buried. Drew helps him escape during the night, but after a few days of riding, he realizes that there is no buried money. Jake assumes that Drew will kill him, but Drew swears instead to stick with Jake until he has repaid every cent that he owes Drew. In the final scene, as they approach a town, Jake asks Drew, "So how\'d that Jane Eyre turn out in the end?" Drew replies, "Fine. Just fine." The two boys walk into the Wells Fargo and rob it.'] [" Rance Roden ([[Don Lamond  plans to kill off all the buffalo and thus cause the Indians to riot. After they destroy the U.S. Cavalry , Rance and his gang will take over the West. Meanwhile, a Boston magazine gets wind of the buffalo slaughter and sends editor Kenneth Cabot  and his associates  to Casper, Wyoming to investigate. Once there, Ken's shooting skills (secretly aided by sharp shooter Annie Oakley  earn him the job of town sheriff. Rance has his band of bad guys called in to have the lawmen wiped out, but the Stooges sneak into the gang's hideout while the gang is asleep and glue their firearms to their holsters. When Ken confronts the bad guys, the bad guys decide that a life of justice is better than crime. Meanwhile, Rance and Trigger attempt to sell firearms to the Indians, including an armoured wagon containing a Gatling Gun and cannon in a turret, but the Stooges foil this plan by snapping a picture of them making the sale."] ['Immediately prior to the US Civil War, a Union officer , tries to prove local Navajo Indians are innocent of killing a prospector. He has to fight the anti-Indian attitudes of his superior officer  and North-South tensions within the soldiers. He discovers Confederate sympathisers are planning to cause the Indians to go on the warpath for their own benefit.'] ["Following a series of robberies of the K & A Railroad, detective Tom Gordon  is hired to uncover the mystery. Disguised as a bandit, Tom boards the train of K & A President Cullen. Cullen's daughter, Madge, senses that Tom is not a criminal and soon falls in love with him. Madge is sought after by Burton ([[Carl Miller , her father's secretary, who is in league with the bandits. Tom eventually discovers his duplicity, and with the aid of Tony, his horse, rounds up the villains and wins the hand of Madge."] ["A stranger in town meets pretty young Susan Martinez De La Cruz and accompanies her to a barbecue, where wealthy Jason Carberry is saying a few words for the recently departed Robin Randall, a citizen who got shot. Jason objects to the stranger's presence, being Susan's guardian and protective of her. He challenges him to a shootout, but the stranger pulls his pistol before Jason's can even clear the holster. Calaveras Kate, a saloon singer who's in love with Jason, is relieved when the stranger declines to pull the trigger. Rafael Moreno suddenly rides into town and picks a fight with the stranger. Their brawl continues until the arrival of Judge Wallace Wintrop and his niece, Sheila, who have come to town from back East and deplore all this random violence out West. The stranger is recognized as Reb Randall, the dead man's brother. He is looking for the killer, who could be Rafael, or could be Jason, or could even be Billy Buckett, the coward of the county. The women hold their breath to see if the men they love will survive."] ['A Mexican village is periodically raided for food and supplies by bandits led by Calvera . As he and his men rode away from their latest visit, Calvera had promised to return for more booty and loot the village again. Taking what meager goods they have, the village leaders ride to a town just inside the American border hoping to barter for weapons to defend themselves. While there, they encounter veteran gunslinger, Chris ; after listening to their tale, Chris suggests that the village hire more gunfighters as they would be cheaper than guns and ammunition. The village men relentlessly try to convince Chris to be their gunman; while at first he agrees just to help them find men, eventually he decides to help them out in person as well as finding six other men to join them, despite the poor pay offered. The other men include hotheaded, inexperienced Chico ; Chris\'s friend Harry Luck  who believes Chris is seeking treasure; the drifter Vin , who has gone broke after a round of gambling; Bernardo O\'Reilly , a gunfighter of Irish-Mexican heritage; cowpuncher Britt ; and an on-the-run gunman Lee , who is in the midst of a crisis of confidence. The group recognizes they will be outnumbered, but hope that when Calvera realizes that the village has brought them aboard, he will move on to a different village. Arriving at the village, the seven begin to train the villagers how to defend themselves. They all find themselves bonding with the villagers, sharing the meal the women of the village have made them when they discover that the villagers have little food themselves. Chico is fascinated by Petra, one of the village\'s young women, while Bernardo begins to bond with three of the village\'s little boys.Patrick McGee "From Shane to Kill Bill: rethinking the Western". Published by: Wiley-Blackwell, 2007, 262 pp. ISBN 1-4051-3964-1, ISBN 978-1-4051-3964-9Yardena Rand "Wild Open Spaces: Why We Love Westerns". Published by: Maverick Spirit Press, 2005 - 208 p. ISBN 1-932991-44-1, ISBN 978-1-932991-44-4 Lee, meanwhile, struggles with nightmares and fears the loss of his skills. Calvera and his bandits soon arrive, sustain heavy losses, and are run out of town by the gunmen and the villagers working in concert. Chico, who is Mexican, follows Calvera back to his camp, pretending to be one of the gang of bandits. There he learns that Calvera plans to return and raid the village because he is desperate for the food in order to feed his men. Chico reports this back to Chris and the rest of the men. Though a part of the group believes they should leave, Chris insists that they stay and they ride out to make a surprise raid on Calvera\'s camp. However, they find the camp empty and, on returning to the village, they find that the fearful villagers allowed Calvera to take control. Calvera spares the gunmen\'s lives, believing they have learned the lesson that the simple farmers are not worth fighting for. Calvera also fears reprisals from the U.S. Army. The seven are curtly escorted out of the village. The group debates their next move and all but Harry agree to return and free the village from Calvera. Harry believes the effort will lead to their deaths and rides off alone. A gunfight breaks out, and the villagers, recognizing the courage of the gunmen, soon join in in the fight. Bernardo is killed protecting the children he had befriended, and both Britt and Lee die after killing a considerable number of bandits. Harry, who had a change of heart, arrives in time to protect Chris but is fatally shot. Soon, the bandits are routed, and Chris shoots Calvera. Calvera, in his dying breath, asks why men like Chris came back to protect such a small village. The three remaining gunmen help to bury their own and the villagers\' dead. Chico announces he will be staying with Petra, while Chris and Vin begin to ride out. The village elder bids them farewell and comments that it is only the villagers who have really won: "You\'re like the wind, blowing over the land and...passing on;... ¡Vaya con Dios!" However, as they leave and pass the graves of their fallen comrades, Chris fatalistically observes, "The Old Man was right. Only the farmers won. We lost. We always lose."Transcript of script. Accessed 1 May 2012.The film\'s memorable closing lines closely echo the last words of the source film The Seven Samurai, spoken by the character Kambei: "Again we are defeated. The winners are those farmers. Not us."'] ['In a desolate ghost town during the American Civil War, bandit Tuco Ramirez  narrowly shoots his way past three bounty hunters to freedom, killing two but only badly wounding the third. Miles away, Angel Eyes  interrogates a former soldier called Stevens  about a missing man named Jackson who has taken on the name "Bill Carson"  and a cache of stolen Confederate gold. He brutally guns down Stevens and his eldest son after the interrogation, but not before Stevens pays Angel Eyes to kill Angel Eyes\' employer, another former soldier named Baker. Angel Eyes later collects his fee for Stevens\' killing from Baker, and then shoots and kills him, too. Meanwhile, during Tuco\'s flight across the desert he runs into a group of bounty hunters who prepare to capture him when they are approached by Blondie , a mysterious lone gunman who challenges the hunters to the draw, which he wins with lightning speed. Initially elated, Tuco is enraged when Blondie delivers him up to the local authorities for the reward money of $2,000. Hours later, as Tuco awaits his execution, Blondie surprises the authorities and frees Tuco by shooting the execution rope; the two later meet to split the reward money, revealing their lucrative money-making scheme. After Tuco\'s bounty is raised to $3,000, the two repeat the process at another town before Blondie, weary of Tuco\'s incessant complaints about the dividing of the profits from their scheme, abandons him in the desert, keeping all of the money. A livid Tuco manages to make it to another town and rearm himself with a revolver. Some time later in another town, Tuco enlists three outlaws to come with him to kill Blondie. As the three men break into Blondie\'s room, Blondie shoots and kills all three of them, but to Blondie\'s surprise Tuco climbs up through his back window and aims his gun at Blondie and captures him while a skirmish between Union and Confederate troops rages on outside. As Tuco prepares to kill Blondie by fashioning a noose and forcing Blondie to put it around his neck, a cannonball hits the hotel and demolishes the room, allowing Blondie to escape. Following a relentless search, Tuco captures Blondie as he is using the same scheme with another partner  and marches him across the harsh desert. When Blondie finally collapses from dehydration and heatstroke, Tuco prepares to kill him but pauses when a runaway ambulance carriage appears on the horizon heading their way. Inside, while looting the dead soldiers, Tuco discovers a dying Bill Carson, who reveals that $200,000 in stolen Confederate gold is buried in a grave in Sad Hill cemetery but falls unconscious before naming the grave. When Tuco returns with water, he discovers Carson dead and Blondie slumped against the carriage beside Carson\'s body. Before passing out, Blondie says that Carson told him the name on the grave, so now Tuco and Blondie know half of the secret of the location but neither can get the gold without the help of the other. Tuco takes Blondie  to a Catholic mission run by Tuco\'s older brother Father Pablo. Tuco nurses Blondie back to health, and the two leave, still disguised. They inadvertently encounter a force of Union soldiers . They are captured and marched to a Union prison camp. At the camp, Corporal Wallace  calls the roll. Tuco answers for Bill Carson, catching the attention of Angel Eyes, now disguised as a Union Sergeant stationed at the camp. Angel Eyes has Wallace viciously beat and torture Tuco into revealing Sad Hill Cemetery as the location of the gold, but Tuco also confesses that only Blondie knows the name on the grave. Convinced that Blondie would not be easily broken, Angel Eyes offers to take Tuco\'s place in the partnership to recover the gold. Blondie agrees and rides out with Angel Eyes and his posse. Meanwhile, Tuco escapes while being transported by train to his execution, killing Corporal Wallace in the process. We next see Angel Eyes\' gang, including Blondie, arriving in a town that\'s rapidly being evacuated due to heavy artillery fire. Tuco, wandering aimlessly through the wreckage of that same town, is oblivious of the bounty hunter that survived at the start of the movie , who tracks and ambushes Tuco who is taking a bath in an abandoned building. Despite the surprise, Tuco shoots and kills the bounty hunter. Blondie investigates the gunshot, finding Tuco and informing him of Angel Eyes\'s involvement. The two resume their old partnership, stalking through the wrecked town and killing Angel Eyes\' henchmen before discovering that Angel Eyes has escaped and left an insulting note for them. Tuco and Blondie find their way to Sad Hill Cemetery, but it is blocked by large Union and Confederate forces who are separated only by a narrow bridge. Each side is preparing to fight for it, but apparently both sides have been ordered not to destroy the bridge. Reasoning that if the bridge were destroyed "these idiots would go somewhere else to fight", Blondie and Tuco wire the bridge with dynamite. During the process, the two trade information, Tuco revealing Sad Hill Cemetery as the gold\'s location and Blondie saying that the name on the grave is Arch Stanton. The two then take cover as the bridge blows up and the two armies resume their battle. The next morning, the Confederate and Union soldiers have gone. Tuco abandons Blondie  to retrieve the gold for himself at the cemetery. Frantically searching the sea of makeshift tombstones and grave markers, Tuco finally locates Arch Stanton\'s grave. As he digs, Blondie appears  and tosses him a shovel. A second later, the two are surprised by Angel Eyes, who holds them at gunpoint. Blondie kicks open Stanton\'s grave to reveal just a skeleton. Declaring that only he knows the real name of the grave, Blondie writes it on a rock in the middle of the graveyard and tells Tuco and Angel Eyes that "two hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money. We\'re going to have to earn it." The three stare each other down in the circular center of the cemetery, calculating alliances and dangers in a Mexican standoff before suddenly drawing. Blondie shoots Angel Eyes, who tries to shoot Blondie while he is down only to be shot by Blondie again and roll into an open grave, dead. Tuco also tries to shoot Angel Eyes, but discovers that Blondie had unloaded his gun the night before. Blondie directs Tuco to the grave marked "Unknown" next to Arch Stanton\'s. Tuco digs and is overjoyed to find bags of gold inside, but is shocked when he turns to Blondie and finds himself staring at a noose. Seeking a measure of revenge for what Tuco has done to him, Blondie forces Tuco to stand atop a tottery grave marker and fixes the noose around his neck, binding Tuco\'s hands before riding off with his share of the gold. As Tuco screams for mercy, Blondie\'s silhouette returns on the horizon, aiming a rifle at him. Blondie fires a single shot and severs the noose rope, dropping Tuco face-first onto his share of the gold. Blondie smiles and rides off as Tuco, who has his gold but is tied up and has no horse, curses him in rage by shouting "Hey Blondie! You know what you are? Just a dirty son of a bitch!"'] ["Under the leadership of their ancient and powerful leader Jozek Mardulak, a colony of vampires seek a peaceful life in the desolate desert town of Purgatory. Key to the transition is the town's artificial-bloodmaking facility and it is just not working. Mardulak summons the human designer of the plant, who brings his wife and two young daughters along for what he thinks will be a pleasant desert vacation. Soon, he and his family are caught up in a civil war as another vampire elder, who abhors the idea of vampires being anything other than predators, organizes a revolution, and a descendant of the Van Helsing family arrives intent on destroying all vampires."] ["Doris Halliday , the daughter of a wealthy banker, is about to marry a man she doesn't love so the family will become richer. Her outspoken aunt Penelope Ryland , the owner of the Frying Pan Ranch in Arizona, objects to their marriage, claiming people should only be married if they love each other. Doris starts to see Penelope's point and eventually runs away the night before the wedding. Doris hides in the wagon of a train owned by traveling cowboy Jeff Larabee . When they meet they take an immediate dislike for each other. Despite a few romantic moments, they fight all night long. The next day, Doris is to be left at a stop. When she is attacked by Jeff's prize cow, however, Jeff is forced to save her. The train eventually leaves without them. They decide to part their ways, until they discover it's a long way to the next stop. Doris secretly steals a car and gives Jeff a ride. Penelope and her employee Buck ([[Bob Burns , who happens to be a friend of Jeff, try to find Doris. They take a train hoping to locate her. On the train, Buck meets Emma Mazda . Emma is attracted to him and tries to flirt, but Buck isn't really interested. They both take off at a stop and decide to travel together. Meanwhile, Doris' father initiates a search to find his daughter and promises the one who brings her back a $5,000 reward. A couple of criminals, who have seen Doris, try to catch her and bring her back. Jeff and Doris drive to his house, where they meet up with Buck and Emma, who are now in love and engaged. Buck suggests Jeff to ask to marry Doris as well, but he is reluctant to. The moment they do fall in love, they are located by Robert and Penelope. Penelope blames Jeff for being a gold digger and tries to protect Doris from him. Offended and confused, Jeff runs away. Doris follows him and declares her love. Jeff gives in and they kiss."] ['In a story derivative of The Dirty Dozen, a colonel  is given a handful of war criminals who are all condemned to die by hanging during the American Civil War to go get his fort back that he lost to Confederate Major Frank Ward . Now considered a coward, he leads these men back to the fort to retake it and restore his honor.'] ["Jim Harvey  is a guard on a wagon train. After saving the life of an Yaqui Indian warrior, Tigre, the wagon train is attacked and Harvey realises their only chance of survival is if he can negotiate a truce with Tigre's father, the chief Aguila . Aguila orders Harvey to be knocked out, and tortured later, but he is set free by Tigre's mother. He goes to town and discovers the people on the wagon train were massacred, except for two sisters who Harvey insisted hide in the caves. Harvey is falsely accused of cowardice and the townsfolk threaten to lynch him. Harvey escapes and tries to prove his innocence, discovering that a white man was responsible for the attack.Tumbleweed at Audie Murphy Memorial Site"] ['A stranger arrives at the little Mexican border town of San Miguel. An innkeeper, Silvanito, tells the Stranger about the bitter feud between two families vying to gain control of the town: on the one side, the Rojo brothers, consisting of Don Miguel , Esteban , and Ramón ; on the other, the family of the town sheriff, John Baxter The Stranger, spying an opportunity to make money from the situation, decides to play both families against each other. His opportunity comes when a detachment of Mexican soldiers escorting a shipment of gold passes through the town. The gold is ostensibly being delivered to a troop of American soldiers in exchange for weapons, but following the Mexican troops out of town, the Stranger witnesses them being massacred by members of the Rojo gang, dressed in American uniforms and led by Ramon Rojo. The Rojos take the gold. The Stranger takes two of the bodies to a nearby cemetery and sells information to both sides that two Mexican soldiers survived the attack. Both sides race to the cemetery, the Baxters to get the "survivors" to testify against the Rojos, the Rojos to silence them. The factions engage in a fierce gunfight, with Ramon managing to "kill" the "survivors" and Esteban capturing John Baxter\'s son, Antonio. While the Rojos and the Baxters are fighting, the Stranger searches the Rojo hacienda for the gold but accidentally knocks out Ramón\'s beautiful prisoner and unwilling mistress, Marisol, when she surprises him. He takes her to the Baxters, who, in turn, arrange to return her to the Rojos in exchange for Antonio. During the exchange, the Stranger learns Marisol\'s history from Silvanito: "... a happy little family until trouble comes along. And trouble is the name of Ramon, claiming the husband cheated at cards, which wasn\'t true. He gets the wife to live with him as hostage." That night, while the Rojos are celebrating, the Stranger rides out and frees Marisol, shooting the guards and wrecking the house in which she is being held in order to make it appear as if it were attacked by the Baxters. The Stranger tells Marisol, her husband, and their son to leave town, at the same time giving them some money to tide them over. Marisol asks the Stranger, "Why do you do this for us?", and for the first and only time the Stranger provides an insight into his actions: "Why? Because I knew someone like you once. There was no one there to help." Discovering that he freed Marisol, the Rojos capture and beat the Stranger, but he escapes, killing Chico in the process. Believing the Stranger to be protected by the Baxters, the Rojos set fire to the Baxter home and massacre all the residents as they are forced to flee. Among the dead are John Baxter, his wife, Consuelo, and Antonio. Now the only gang left in San Miguel, the Rojos confront and beat Silvanito, who they think is hiding the Stranger. The Stranger returns to town, where he faces the Rojos in a dramatic showdown. With a steel chest plate hidden beneath his poncho, he taunts Ramon to "aim for the heart" as Ramon\'s rifle shots bounce off. Killing all present except Ramon, the Stranger challenges Ramon to reload his rifle faster than he, the Stranger, can reload his pistol. He then shoots and kills Ramon. Esteban Rojo, unseen by the Stranger and aiming at him from a nearby building, is shot dead by Silvanito. The Stranger says his goodbyes and rides from the town.'] ["Philipp Wermeer has been framed for the murder of a powerful figure known as The Patriarch. Wermeer escapes, but the three Saxon brothers, sons of The Patriarch, have arranged for a large bounty on Wermeer's head. Clayton is a grizzled ex-sheriff stripped of his office in Jefferson after refusing to acknowledge Wermeer's guilt. During a series of fire-fights, Clayton contrives to help Wermeer escape from attacks of bounty-hunters. Together, the two make their way to Saxon City, where they can confront the three powerful Saxon brothers, and reveal the surprising truth about who killed The Patriarch. The film's music was composed by future Academy Award winner Luis Enríquez Bacalov. The film's title score was later used in Quentin Tarantino's film Kill Bill Vol. 1."] ["Grizzled North Dakota rancher Stoney  heads to the big city to see his daughter and winds up bonding with the grandson he never knew in this heartwarming tale. Stoney's city-bred grandson, Charles , tricks him into getting help for a serious health issue. But with the aid of his rancher pal , Stoney escapes the hospital -- with Charles in tow -- for what becomes a life-altering adventure as Charles discovers his family roots and what it means to be a “wooly boy” ."] ['It is 1912 and groups of Mexican revolutionaries have been attacking towns on both sides of the Mexican-American border. The most powerful of these groups is led by a former Mexican army general, Héctor Cordoba. When a surprise attack results in six cannons falling into the hands of Cordoba and his men, the United States government puts General John J. "Blackjack" Pershing ([[John Russell  in charge of seeing that the cannons will never be used against the American people. Pershing turns to Captain Rod Douglas , instructing him gather a group of men to take part in the dangerous mission into the heart of the Cordoba\'s territory. The first man to sign up for the job is Jackson Harkness ([[Don Gordon , a soldier who has worked with Douglas before. At the beginning of the film, Harkness has to stand by and watch as his brother is tortured and killed by Cordoba. Douglas ordered him not to step in because they were undercover as sympathizers in the enemy camp and could not afford to make their true intentions known. As a result, Harkness vows vengeance on the captain and will not leave his side until the opportunity presents itself. The next two men that Douglas chooses for the operation are Andy Rice  and Peter , who have just broken out of the army jail when Douglas arrives with the orders for their release. The captain now has all of the men that he feels are necessary for getting the job done. However, a Mexican lieutenant, Antonio Gutierrez, who holds a personal grudge against Cordoba, approaches him and demands to be part of the operation. He tells Douglas that he knows a woman, Leonora Cristobal who, for her own reasons, wishes to see Cordoba dead. If the captain includes him in the mission, she will help them by working her way into Cordoba’s confidence and getting him alone so that he will be vulnerable when they make their move. Antonio and Leonora arrive at Cordoba’s camp first. Leonora, who learns that the Mexican government wants to capture Cordoba alive, betrays Antonio and informs the bandit leader of his intentions, hoping that he will reward her for what she has done by allowing her to get closer to him, giving her the opportunity to kill him herself. When Douglas, Andy, Peter, and Harkness arrive at the camp, posing as sympathizers, they hear of what Leonora has done and decide that they have to act quickly. Douglas starts a fight with one of the Mexican men, so as to be put in jail, where he can help Antonio to escape. That night, Andy, disguised as a Mexican guards, breaks both of the men out of jail so that the operation can proceed. Douglas goes to Cordoba’s room, where he finds him alone with Leonora. She betrayed Antonio but she still did the job she was supposed to do. Meanwhile, Jackson and Peter have turned the cannons on the camp and begin to fire, while Andy and Antonio shoot flares into the buildings. Chaos ensues and the group of men, along with Leonora and their prisoner, Cordoba, attempt to ride out of the camp. Peter, Antonio, and Andy are killed in the process, and Cordoba is wounded. The next morning, miles away from the camp, the diminished group stops to rest. When Douglas goes off by himself, Harkness sees his opportunity to avenge his brother. He follows the captain, demands that he turn around, and draws his gun. As Douglas walks unflinchingly toward him, however, he is unable to shoot and, instead, punches him. All now forgiven, the two men walk back to where Leonora waits. Cordoba has died from the wound he received the previous night. They are not able to bring him back alive, as the government had wanted, but the cannons were destroyed and their mission is complete. This film is also seen as a counter revolutionary film that served the Nixon administration war on anti-Vietnam war demonstrators and young radical groups in the US.'] ['Two men join forces to build a cattle empire, and battle rustlers, bad weather and each other.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0034455/'] ["A woman and two children are kidnapped by Apaches. The husband Lorn Warfield , enlists the help of his neighbour Owen Forbes ([[Arthur Kennedy  to find his captured family. Warfield, a former gunman trying to forget his violent past, and Forbes is also in love with Warfield's wife. An Indian trader  aids them in their quest. Along the way they are encounter bandits, renegade Confederates, and Apache warriors. The search eventually leads them to the Apache camp where they rescue the woman and children. Safely back home, Forbes challenges Warfield  to a duel, but he refuses. Forbes shoots Warfield in the back, wounding him. Before he can finish him off, he is shot and killed by the shopkeeper."] ['In 1867, a gang led by James "Stretch" Dawson  robs a bank and flees into the desert. Out of water, the outlaws come upon a ghost town called Yellow Sky and its only residents, a hostile young woman named Constance but called "Mike" , and her grandfather (played by [[James Barton . Stretch is attracted to Mike. While the men recover from their ordeal, Dude  snoops around. Dude tells the others that the old man is mining gold, but Stretch is unimpressed. The next day, Mike and Grandpa take to the hills. A confrontation between Stretch and Dude over the leadership of the gang is interrupted by Mike shooting at them. However, when Grandpa is shot in the leg, Mike surrenders.  Back in the house, Grandpa offers to split his gold, worth roughly $50,000 by his estimate. Later, Lengthy ([[John Russell  grabs Mike, and youngster Bull Run ([[Robert Arthur  tries unsuccessfully to intervene. Stretch rescues him and holds Lengthy\'s head underwater until he nearly drowns. That night, Stretch assures Mike and Grandpa that he will keep to the bargain, with Dude eavesdropping. The next day, a large band of Apaches appear while the gang is at the mine digging up the gold. Stretch sneaks into town. Grandpa tells him that he convinced his friends to return to the reservation. In gratitude for the old man not sending the Indians to wipe out his gang, Stretch tells his men that they will share the gold, but Dude draws his gun and fires. The rest of the outlaws follow his example. Mike shows up and helps a slightly wounded Stretch back to her home. Not wanting to spend the rest of their lives looking over their shoulders for Stretch, the gang surrounds the house. In the ensuing gunfight, they think that Stretch has been killed. Dude takes the opportunity to shoot at Lengthy, but misses. He then runs off to try to take all the gold for himself, with his would-be victim in pursuit. Bull Run is fatally wounded, and Walrus  and Half Pint  decide to switch sides. Stretch then goes after Dude and Lengthy. A deadly three-sided shootout in the unlit saloon follows. Afterwards, a frantic Mike finds Dude and Lengthy dead and Stretch wounded. After Stretch recovers, he, Walrus and Half Pint return to the bank they robbed and give back the stolen money. Then, they ride off with Mike and Grandpa.'] ['There is a villain , who\'s after Jim Golden\'s  gold, and a nice postmistress , who is willing to become both wife and mother. Universal surrounded their veteran western star, Harry Carey, with a fine supporting cast in this film, including former serial queen Carol Holloway as the post mistress, rotund comedy actor George Bunny, and one Minnie Prevost, a Native American supporting player who was billed as "Minnie Ha Ha" and had made an indelible impression with Mabel Normand in the 1918 film Mickey.'] ['Dr Jim Sterling attempts to create a police force on the Big Tree Indian Reservation. However, his efforts face sabotage, secretly directed by the apparently friendly Indian Agent Fred Carson, whose gang is currently able to rob stagecoaches wagons without opposition. In order to defeat his enemies, Sterling adopts the name and costume of the legendary "Phantom Rider."'] ['The film begins in March 1836 in the Texas town of San Antonio de Bexar , site of the Alamo, where bodies of Texan defenders and Mexican attackers are strewn over the Alamo. The film then flashes back to a year earlier. Sam Houston  attends a party where he tries to persuade people to migrate to Texas. He meets with David Crockett , recently defeated for reelection to Congress. Houston explains to Crockett that as an immigrant to Texas, Crockett will receive {{convert}} [a square mile] of his own choosing. Crockett, with a grin, pointedly asks Houston whether this new republic is going to need a president. Meanwhile, in San Felipe, Texas, the Texas provisional government is meeting to discuss what action to take after the recent capture by the Texans of the Alamo and Bexar from Mexican forces at the first Battle of San Antonio de Bexar. Texas having rebelled against Mexico and its dictatorial president Santa Anna, who is personally leading an army to retake the Alamo, the Texan War Party calls for the Texas army to depart Bexar, cross into Mexico and confront Mexican forces at the town of Matamoros. The Opposition Party seeks to rebuild the Texan army and establish a permanent government to be recognized by other nations of the world. The provisional government votes out Sam Houston as commander of the Texas army. While having drinks with Jim Bowie later, the disgusted Houston tells Bowie to go to San Antonio and destroy the Alamo. William Barret Travis ([[Patrick Wilson  is also in San Felipe, reporting for duty. His character is quickly established as a man who seeks respect as a uniformed military officer, a lieutenant colonel in the Texas Army. Interlaced scenes show him granting his wife a divorce , and seeking to begin a new life in Texas. The Texas provisional government orders him to take command of the Alamo. There he meets Col. James Neill , who informs him that Travis will be in command of the Texas Army regulars while Neil is away on leave. Travis, alarmed that the Alamo\'s small force cannot withstand the Mexican Army, which is rumored to have thousands of foot soldiers, plus the formidable Mexican cavalry. Again he sends a rider to deliver his plea for reinforcements. More small groups of Texan men arrive, but not enough for the impending battle. Travis oversees preparations for defense against inevitable attack, in hopes that enough reinforcements will arrive. Crockett arrives in San Antonio, where he tells a crowd, "I told them folks they can go to hell, I\'m going to Texas". He is told that the other defenders are impatient for Santa Anna to arrive now that Crockett is on hand, and Crockett replies, "I understood the fighting was over... Ain\'t it?" For the first time in any film about the Alamo or Davy Crockett, the viewer is shown the political aspirations of Crockett and possibly his real intentions for traveling to Texas: not so much to fight for freedom, but to seek new opportunities. The movie implies that he\'s caught in the middle and cannot escape. Santa Anna soon arrives in San Antonio, much to the surprise of the Texan fighters, who were not expecting the Mexican Army to arrive until late March or early April. The Texans retire to the Alamo compound despite its vulnerability, and begin fortifying it as best they can. Amid the chaos Travis writes letters asking for reinforcements. Only a couple dozen men arrive to join them. Santa Ana\'s army surrounds the Alamo compound and the siege begins. Bowie leaves the Alamo to meet with Mexican General Manuel Castrillón  to talk things out before they get out of hand. However, an incensed Travis fires the 18-pound cannon on the south-west wall, thus cutting short Bowie\'s impromptu attempt at diplomacy; this virtually ends the chance to the forestall the Mexican attack. Bowie returns to tell Travis that Santa Anna has offered surrender at discretion. Travis offers all within the Alamo an opportunity to leave. Almost to a man the defenders decide to stay and fight to the end. At least one woman remains, Mrs. Susanna Dickinson , whose husband, Lt. Almeron Dickinson , has decided to stay. Bowie becomes debilitatingly ill and lies in a cot in one of the buildings. For the next several nights the Mexican Army band serenades the Texans with the "Degüello" , followed by an artillery bombardment of the surrounded compound. Convinced that the Texans will not leave the Alamo, Santa Ana orders a blood-red signal flag to be raised, the sign for "no quarter". The flag is visible also to the Alamo\'s defenders, who know its meaning. Bugle calls along the Mexican front line in the predawn darkness awaken the Texans, who rush to their posts. The Texans also hear the battle cry of the Mexican soldiers: "Viva Santa-Ana!" After a long brutal battle the Mexicans, despite taking heavy casualties, breach the north wall of the mission. Travis is killed, shot in the head by a young Mexican soldier storming the north wall. A small group of Mexican engineers, armed with axes and crowbars, assault and break down the boarded-up doors and windows of the west wall, while another small group storms the southwest wall. The few surviving Texans fall back to the buildings; they are all killed. Attackers discover the bedridden Bowie in his room, where he fires his pistols and attempting to fight with his knife. Crockett is taken prisoner. He promises Santa Ana to lead him to Sam Houston for the Mexican Army to surrender and maybe survive; Santa Ana refuses the mocking offer and orders Crockett to be executed. Days later, after hearing that the Alamo has been taken, Houston, once again in command of the remnants of the Texan army, orders a general retreat eastward. His army and the families of most of the soldiers flee. They are pursued by the victorious Mexican Army, led by the confident Santa Ana.  A few weeks later, Houston halts his retreat near the San Jacinto River , where he decides to face the Mexicans in a final stand. With the support of two cannons and a small group of mounted Texans , Houston\'s army surprises Santa Ana\'s army during its afternoon siesta. During the ensuing short rout , the vengeful Texans massacre at least two hundred Mexican soldiers and capture General Santa Ana -- whose identity is given away when Mexican prisoners respond to his presence by whispering "El Presidente". Santa Anna surrenders to the wounded Houston, and in exchange for his life agrees to order all Mexican troops to withdraw from Texas and to accept Texan independence. The last scene in the movie shows the spirit of Crockett playing his violin on the top of the Alamo and then looking out on the horizon.'] ['The Old West frontier town of Calendar, Colorado springs up almost overnight when the rather klutzy and hotheaded Prudy Perkins  discovers gold in a grave during a funeral. Her father Olly  becomes mayor of the new settlement. He and the other members of the town council bemoan the twin facts that the place has become a drunken round-the-clock free-for-all, and that to ship out all the gold they are mining, they must pay a hefty fee to the Danbys, a family of ranchers/bandits who control the only route out of town. Most people are too busy digging to take time out to be sheriff, and those who are willing to put down their shovel quickly die. This all changes with the arrival in town of Jason McCullough , a calm and exceptionally competent man from "back East" who says he is passing through town on his way to Australia. While in the town saloon, he sees young Joe Danby  gun a man down. Needing money after discovering the town\'s ruinous rate of inflation, McCullough demonstrates his uncanny firearms ability to the mayor and town council, and becomes the new sheriff. He breaks up a street brawl and while at the Perkins house meets Prudy under  mortifying circumstances. McCullough then arrests Joe and tosses him in the town jail, which has everything a sheriff needs - except iron bars for the cell doors and windows. McCullough keeps the none-too-bright Joe imprisoned through the use of a chalk line, some dribbles of red paint, and applied psychology. In the midst of all this, McCullough acquires a reluctant deputy in the form of the extremely scruffy Jake , who had theretofore been nothing more than the "town character." The arrest of Joe Danby ignites the wrath of the patriarch of the Danby family; while the rest of the town immediately quiets down under McCullough\'s reign, Pa Danby  mounts various efforts to get Joe out of jail. None of them work, so he then brings in a string of hired guns, who are equally unsuccessful. Meanwhile, Prudy spars romantically with McCullough, McCullough and Jake go on an unsuccessful search for gold, and, much to Joe\'s relief, bars are finally installed in the jail. The climax of the film sees Pa Danby summoning a host of his relatives to launch an all-out assault. The sheriff\'s first impulse is simply to leave town and resume his trip to Australia, but when Prudy expresses her sincere approval of this sensible idea, he announces that it sounds cowardly and decides to stay. The rest of the townfolk announce their disapproval of his new plan, and officially vote not to help in any way. Thus, the Danby mob rides in faced only by McCullough, Jake and Prudy. After a lengthy gunfight, McCullough bluffs his way to victory using hostage Joe and the cannon mounted in the center of town. As the Danbys are all marched off to jail, the cannon fires, smashing the town brothel and scattering the resident prostitutes and visiting civic leaders. McCullough makes his peace with the townfolk, he and Prudy get engaged, and he carries her home. In a closing monologue, Jake directly informs the audience that they get married and McCullough goes on to become governor of the state, while he, Jake, becomes sheriff and then "one of the most beloved characters in western folklore."'] ['Con artist Latigo Smith is on board a train traveling across frontier-era Colorado, with his would-be fiancée, a rich and powerful woman named Goldie. Looking for a way to escape this situation, he manages to slip off the train at a jerkwater stop, and finds himself in Purgatory, a small town wherein two rival companies of miners, led by Taylor Barton and Colonel Ames, are in a frantic round-the-clock race to find "the motherlode" of gold buried somewhere under the town. After consulting the town doctor about getting an embarrassing Goldie-related tattoo removed, Latigo succumbs to a gambling compulsion and loses all his money at roulette. After hearing a rumor that an infamous gunslinger named "Swifty" Morgan is expected in town, Latigo concocts a scam, using the amiable ne\'er-do-well Jug May to impersonate the man. In the process of this, the new arrival attracts the attention of Patience "The Sidewinder" Barton, the hot-tempered daughter of Taylor, who wants nothing more than to escape the town and become a woman of refinement in New York City . When Latigo and the fake Swifty side with the Bartons, Ames sends a telegram to the real gunslinger, informing him of the impostor. Swifty soon arrives in town. Latigo has replaced Jug for the climactic gunfight and sits atop a jackass-load of dynamite, attempting to bluff the gunfighter. The show-down ends with one of the massive mining blasts that regularly rock the town. Swifty is startled and accidentally shoots himself in the foot, and the panicked jackass, with Latigo aboard, blows up in the saloon. This blast uncovers the mother lode for the Bartons, and also burns off Latigo\'s troublesome tattoo. Latigo\'s gambling compulsion finally pays off when, financially backed by the Bartons, he wins big at roulette , betting $10,000 on the final outcome. Now almost as rich as Patience, he marries her. According to a monologue delivered by Jug from the back of a train at the end of the movie, Morgan is still trying to get his boot off, Patience doesn\'t get to go to the school in New York that she had mentioned in the movie, but sends her seven daughters to that school, and Jug goes on to "become a big star in Italian westerns."'] ['In a dystopian 1988, crime in the United States has increased 400%, so the island of Manhattan has been converted into a giant maximum security prison. A 50-foot containment wall surrounds the island, and mines have been placed on all the bridges and tunnels to the island. The surrounding waters are patrolled and no civilians, even prison guards, are allowed to step foot on the island. Nine years later , while traveling to a three-way summit between the United States, the Soviet Union, and China, Air Force One is hijacked by a terrorist disguised as a stewardess. The plane crashes into Manhattan, but the President  makes it to an escape pod and survives. The inmates take him hostage and order all recovery forces to leave Manhattan immediately or they will kill him. Police Commissioner Bob Hauk  offers a deal to special forces soldier turned criminal "Snake" Plissken : If he rescues the president and retrieves a secret cassette tape within 24 hours, Hauk will give him a full pardon. When Plissken reluctantly agrees to attempt the rescue, Hauk has him injected with microscopic explosives that will rupture his carotid arteries in 24 hours. The explosives can only be defused in the last 15 minutes before they detonate, ensuring that Snake does not abandon his mission. If he returns with the President and the tape in time for the summit, Hauk will save him.  Snake lands atop the World Trade Center in a stealth glider, and locates the plane wreckage and escape pod. He tracks the President\'s life-monitor bracelet signal to a theater, only to find it on the wrist of an old man. He meets an inmate nicknamed "Cabbie" , who takes Snake to see Harold "Brain" Hellman , who has made the New York Public Library his personal fortress. Brain, who knows Snake, tells him that the self-proclaimed "Duke of New York" , has the President and plans to lead a mass escape across the mined and heavily guarded 69th Street Bridge, using the President as a human shield. Snake forces Brain and his girlfriend Maggie  to lead him to the Duke\'s compound at Grand Central Station. Snake finds the President in a railroad car, but he is captured by the Duke\'s men. While Snake is forced to fight with a prisoner named Slag , Brain and Maggie trick the Duke\'s right-hand man Romero  into letting them see the President. Once inside, they kill Romero and the guards, free the President, and flee. When the Duke learns this, he is furious and rounds up his gang to chase them down. In the confusion, Snake slips away and manages to catch up with Brain, Maggie and the President. After a group of crazies cuts the ropes on Snake\'s glider and push it off the top of the World Trade Center, the group heads back down and encounters Cabbie, who offers to take them across the bridge in his cab. When Cabbie reveals that he has the secret tape, the President demands it, but Snake takes it. With the Duke chasing in another car, Snake and the others drive over the mine-strewn bridge. The cab is destroyed by a land mine and Cabbie is killed. As they flee on foot, Brain is killed by a mine and Maggie refuses to leave him, taking Snake\'s gun and firing several shots at the Duke\'s approaching car before he runs her over. Snake and the President reach the wall, and the guards raise the President on a rope. The Duke kills the guards and attacks Snake, but the President shoots the Duke dead. Snake is lifted to safety, and the explosives are deactivated with seconds to spare. As the President prepares for a televised speech, he thanks Snake for saving him. Snake asks him how he feels about the people who died saving his life, but the President only offers half-hearted regret, to Snake\'s disgust. Hauk tries to offer Snake a job, but he refuses and walks away. The President\'s speech commences and he offers the content of the cassette to the summit; but to the President\'s embarrassment, the tape has been switched for a cassette of the swing song "Bandstand Boogie," Cabbie\'s favorite song. Snake receives his pardon and leaves the prison, tearing apart the real tape.'] ["In the spring of 1865 in Nevada, a small band of Confederate soldiers disguised as civilians intercept a shipment of gold escorted by Union cavalry troops. Following a heated battle that results in losses on both sides, Confederate Major Matt Stewart  learns from a dying Union officer that the war ended a month earlier. Matt and his men transport the gold as planned to the scheduled rendezvous with Captain Petersen  who has been scouting the area disguised as a traveling peddler. When Petersen confirms that the war is indeed over and admits that he knew of Lee's surrender but made no attempt to tell the men, hot-headed Rolph Bainter  shoots him dead. The men briefly debate what to do with the gold. As ranking officer, Matt decides they will take the gold back to the South to help finance their country's reconstruction. The following day, Matt disguises himself as a peddler and uses Petersen's covered wagon to transport the gold out of the area—his men hidden inside. Soon they are stopped by a posse looking for the gold thieves, but before they discover the Confederate rebels hidden inside the wagon, Matt persuades the posse's leader Quincey  that they've been caught, and the posse rides off. Matt and his men continue on, but at one point the mules bolt from the wagon an the rebels are forced to commandeer a stagecoach carrying a former Union war nurse Molly Hull  and her companion Lee Kemper . Quincey's posse returns and chases the stage to a station house, capturing one of Matt's men, Cass Browne , in the process. They drag him through the brush in an effort to discover the location of the gold. Meanwhile, Matt and his men take the stage passengers, the aging station agent Plunkett , and his daughter Margaret Harris  hostage. Inside the station house, when Kemper accuses Matt and his men of having murdered all of the Union volunteers guarding the gold shipment, Matt explains that they were carrying out a military mission, acting under orders, and that men died on both sides. Margaret is unmoved by the explanation, embittered over the loss of her husband and son in the war. Molly and Kemper remain suspicious, but Molly tends to one of the wounded rebels. Matt then addresses Quincey's posse who have surrounded the station house by now, trying to convince them that the gold is hidden near the abandoned wagon. As night descends, Matt asks each of the hostages to give him their word that they will remain silent while he and the men slip out in the dark. As they leave, Kemper yells out a warning to the posse, and Matt and his men are forced back into the station house. Matt prevents the violent Rolph from killing Kemper. Later that night, the posse try to lure the Confederates out by threatening to hang Cass, but Matt is able to rescue Cass using the remaining sticks of dynamite from their ambush. The following day, Kemper offers Matt a way of escape in exchange for two gold bars. Giving Matt an Indian token, Kemper explains that his good trading relationship with the local Paiute Indians and this token will guarantee fresh horses and safe passage out of the territory. He also knows by the approaching clouds that a brief torrential rainstorm will soon arrive and supply Matt and his men cover for their escape. Matt agrees to the plan. Later, while Molly is caring for the wounded man in another room, Rolph tries to force himself on her. An enraged Matt stops him and a fistfight ensues. After Rolph is beaten, Matt moves to console Molly. When an angry Rolph tries to shoot Matt, young Jamie Groves  shoots the gun out of Rolph's hand, and when Rolph picks up the gun and tries again, Jamie shoots him dead. Meanwhile during the night, Quincey and his men have been digging a short tunnel under the station house. Just when they break through and reach a trap door in the floor the station house, Cass stops them from entering. Frustrated, Quincey decides to burn the station house down and orders his men to torch the roof. When one of his men tries to leave, he shoots him in the back. As the fire burns through the roof, Kemper's predicted thunderstorm arrives. In the confusion, Kemper tries to escape with his two gold bars and is shot dead by the posse. When Cass sneaks outside to scatter the posse's horses, he is also killed. As Matt and Jamie prepare to escape, Molly begs Matt not to take the gold. Outside in the chaos of the storm, Quincey and his men begin shooting at each another. Believing Matt has escaped with the gold, Quincey races after him into the night. The next morning, the surviving members of the posse are gone. Respecting Molly's wishes, Matt and Jamie surrender the gold to Plunkett. Margaret and Plunkett offer a home to young Jamie who promises he will return. Matt also promises Molly that he will return to her after he is repatriated in Virginia, and the two embrace."] ["Set in the Old West, Peaceful Gulch is not so peaceful as Morgan  and his roughnecks have run the sheriff out of town. In attempt to bring normalcy back to their little town, some of the sheriff's posse concoct a scheme to trick Morgan and his hombres into thinking that there are three famous marshalls headed into town to bring back law and order. The Stooges, mistaken for the three famous marshalls, are asked to stop Morgan and his men from stealing money in an old house haunted by the ghost of a headless Indian Chief . The trio soon find that the Indian Chief is none other than one of Morgan's men. Shemp knocks out the headless henchman and dons the costume for himself. He soon runs into Moe and Larry who have been captured by Morgan. Still disguised, Shemp knocks out everyone in the room with his hatchet and the boys are heroes once again."] ['In late 19th-century Arizona, an Apache-raised white man, John Russell, faces prejudice in the white world after he returns for his inheritance  upon his father\'s death. Deciding to sell the house in order to buy a herd of horses—which does not endear him to the boarders who live there or to the caretaker, Jessie—Russell ends up riding a stagecoach with Jessie and unhappily married boarders Doris and Billy Lee Blake leaving town. Three others ride with them: Indian agent Professor Alexander Favor, his aristocratic wife Audra and the crude Cicero Grimes. Upon discovering that John Russell is an Indian, Professor Favor requests that Russell ride up top with driver Henry Mendez. The stagecoach is robbed by a gang led by Grimes, who knew that Dr. Favor had been carrying money that he stole from the very Apaches whom Russell grew up with. Grimes rides off, taking Mrs. Favor as a hostage. Russell manages to shoot two of the outlaws—one of whom is Jessie\'s lover, sheriff-gone-bad Frank—who have the stolen money in their saddle bags. He insists that Dr. Favor give the recovered money back to him. The bigots he rode with now appeal to Russell to lead them to safety. Russell\'s instincts to protect the group clash with their naive and "civilized" attitudes to save the Favors, especially when Grimes and his remaining gang offer to trade Mrs. Favor for the money. Their pity for Mrs. Favor\'s life eventually outweighs the knowledge that Grimes is using her to bait a trap. Russell gives the money to Billy Lee, asking him to take it back to the Indians from whom it was stolen. Russell descends from the group\'s hideout with saddle bags that he pretends are full of the money, while Billy Lee stays in the hideout and aims a rifle at one of the outlaws. Russell cuts Mrs Favor loose and she slowly makes her way up to the group, but by the time Russell throws the saddle bags to Grimes Mrs Favor has collapsed at a point where she is obscuring Billy Lee\'s target. In the ensuing firefight, although Russell is able to kill Grimes, Billy Lee is unable to prevent an outlaw shooting Russell dead.'] ['The film shows a family of French Basque immigrants pioneering into the Wild West while carrying their ancestral vines. Hard drinking trail driver Lon Bennett is hired to lead them and he falls for the spirited Gabrielle Dauphin. The film is infamous among Basques for its misunderstandings of Basque customs, such as the use of the xistera  as a weapon or shouting irrintzi ululations as meaningful communication.{{Citation needed}}'] ["Set in the Northwestern United States in 1875, the film focuses on taciturn widower Matt Calder , who recently has been released from prison after serving time for killing a man while defending another one. He arrives in a tent city in search of his ten-year-old son Mark , who was left in the care of dance hall singer Kay  during his absence. Matt promises Mark, a virtual stranger to him, the two will enjoy a life of hunting, fishing and farming on their homestead. Kay's fiancé, gambler Harry Weston , tells her they must go to Council City to file the deed on a gold mine he won in a poker game. They head downriver on their flimsy log raft, and when they encounter trouble in the rapids near the Calder farm, Matt and Mark rescue them. Harry offers to buy Matt's rifle and horse so as to reach Council City by land, and when Matt refuses, Harry steals both, leaving Kay, Matt, and Mark stranded in the wilderness. When hostile Indians threaten the farm, the three are forced to escape down the river on Harry's raft. That night they set up camp by the river, and Matt and Kay argue about the wisdom of pursuing Harry. Matt questions why she would choose to marry a man who had endangered a child, and she reminds him Harry never killed a man like he did. Mark overhears their discussion, and Matt is forced to reveal the truth about his past to his son, who is unable to comprehend why his father acted as he did. As the three continue their journey, Kay comes to appreciate Matt's bravery and the tender way he cares for both her and Mark. As time passes, they are forced to deal with a series of trials and tribulations, including a mountain lion attack; prospectors Sam Benson and Dave Colby, who are pursuing Harry for stealing their gold claim; and another group of Indians. After a difficult ride through the worst of the rapids, the three arrive in Council City and confront Harry. Harry shoots at Matt, forcing Mark to kill Harry with a rifle he is inspecting in the general store, and the boy finally understands why his father shot a man so many years before. Kay heads to the local saloon, and while she is singing there, Matt arrives to take her back to his farm with Mark."] ["After having robbed a bank for $100,000 in gold bars, Dan Hogan  and his gang meet up at the Jackal's Ranch stage coach weigh station near the Mexican border, where Hogan's girlfriend Eleanor  is to surreptitiously bring their stolen gold to them. While they await her arrival, they encounter John Webb , a stranger who had shot the man who was to be their guide and who himself wants half their gold in exchange for leading them secretly into Mexico. Hogan agrees and the group takes off through the desert with the law close behind."] ["Joan Prescott, , a vacuous daughter of a wealthy, Montana rancher, meets Larry , a Texas cowboy. Joan and Larry fall for one another and are engaged. At their engagement party, Joan meets Jeff, ,a handsome suitor, whom Joan does a daring dance with. As they finish dancing, Joan and Jeff share a lingering kiss. After Jeff and Larry come to blows, Joan takes the train back to New York. En route, the train is held up by masked cowboys, who take Joan as their only hostage, but one of the masked cowboys is Larry who's come to take Joan back to their new life."] ['Ken Williams  is determined to discover the identity of a mysterious killer who preys upon railroads and transportation companies like the ones owned by Jane Corwin , whose railroad worker father  was the first victim of the murderous fiend known as "the Rattler". The Rattler is especially difficult to catch because of his skill at disguising himself as other people. Wearing a strange disguise consisting of eye glasses, a fake nose, and crepe-hair mustache, the Rattler—also known as "the Menace of the Mountain"—attempts to control the mountain and its hidden gold from his secret cave filled with strange electronic gadgets.'] ["The film presents an idealized image of the construction of the American first transcontinental railroad. It culminates with the scene of driving of the golden spike at Promontory Summit on May 10, 1869. There is a note in the title before this scene that the two original locomotives from 1869 event are used in the film, although this is false - both engines (Union Pacific No. 119 and [[ Jupiter  were scrapped before 1910. Of course, a romantic story with love, treachery and revenge is also here. Main stars were George O'Brien and Madge Bellamy."] ["Maggie is the only cow left on the Dixon Ranch after Alamida Slim  stole all the rest of Dixon's cattle. Mr. Dixon sells Maggie to Pearl, a kind and elderly woman that runs a small farm called Patch of Heaven. The local Sheriff arrives to tell Pearl that her bank is cracking down on debtors. Pearl has three days to pay the bank $750, or her farm will be sold to the highest bidder. Hearing this, Maggie convinces the other cows on the farm  to go to town to attempt winning prize money at a fair. While the cows are in town, a bounty hunter named Rico  drops a criminal off and collects the reward. Stating he needs a replacement horse to go after Alamida Slim while his own horse rests, he takes Buck. When Maggie find out that the reward for capturing Slim is of exactly $750, she convinces the other cows to try to capture him to save Patch of Heaven. That night, they hide among a large heard of steers, when Alamida Slim appears. Before any of them can do anything, Slim begins a yodeling song which sends all the cattle  into a trance that causes them to dance madly and follow Slim anywhere. Grace is able to bring Maggie and Mrs. Calloway back to their senses just before Slim closes the path behind him with a rockslide to stop Rico and his men from chasing him. As Rico discusses with his men what his next move will be, Buck starts talking with Maggie, Grace, and Mrs. Calloway as old friends and miming actions. This causes Rico to believe Buck is frightened by cows, and sends Buck back to the Sheriff. Buck escapes, determined to capture Slim for himself to prove his worth. Maggie, Grace, and Mrs. Calloway are left behind, but they meet a peg-legged rabbit named Lucky Jack, who leads them to the Slim's hideout mine. At the mine, Slim reveals that he has been stealing all cattle from his former patrons. When his former patrons can't support their land anymore, he buys the land when it is auctioned off, under the guise of the respectable-looking Mr. O'delay, using the very money he gets from selling the cattle he stole. After arriving to Slim's hideout, the cows capture Slim. They run off with Slim's accomplices and buyer in pursuit on a steam train. Rico arrives. When the chase stops, Rico is revealed to work for Slim. Slim dons his O'delay costume and leaves the cows stranded in the middle of the desert with the train, while he goes to attend the auction. However, the cows arrive using the train to the farm and expose Slim. Slim is arrested by the police, and Patch of Heaven is saved by the reward money."] ["Fifty gunmen force all of the men in a small Mexican village to ride off with them into the desert. Among the captured farmers is Chico, who years before was one of seven hired gunslingers responsible for ridding the village of a tyrannical bandit, Calvera. Chico's wife, Petra, seeks out the other members of the band of whom only two, Chris and Vin, survive. She begs them to save the village once more. To replace the deceased members of the group, Chris buys the release of Frank and Luis, held in the local jail, and also recruits Colbee, a ladies' man and deadly gunman, and Manuel, a young cockfighter. The six men discover that the missing villagers are being used as slave labor to rebuild a desert village and church as a memorial to the dead sons of wealthy rancher Lorca. In a surprise attack, the six force Lorca's men to leave, and, with Chico, prepare for a counterattack. The cowed farmers offer no assistance, but the seven defenders successfully repulse Lorca's initial attack. The rancher then gathers all of the men on his land to rout the seven. The situation seems bleak until Manuel discovers a supply of dynamite which the seven use in a counteroffensive. They are eventually overrun, but Chris emerges victorious from a shootout with Lorca. The rancher's gang flee, leaving Frank, Luis, and Manuel dead in the fighting. Chico plans to resettle the village on Lorca's fertile land, and Colbee remains to help teach the villagers how to defend themselves against future attacks - and pursue the available women. Chris and Vin once more ride off as the church bell rings seven times."] ['Sheriff Bull Harper  is taking "Comanche" Todd , a white man who has lived most of his life among the Indians, to be tried for the murder of Harper\'s three brothers. The pair join a wagon train led by Colonel Normand ([[Douglas Kennedy . Harper\'s brutal treatment of Todd causes friction with some members of the wagon train. When the sheriff beats a lad for giving Todd a pipe to smoke, Todd takes advantage of the distraction to kill his tormentor with a dropped axe. Then, while some of the young people sneak away for a late night swim, the Apaches kill everyone else. Todd miraculously survives a fall when the wagon to which he is tied is thrown off a cliff. The Apaches are gathering to avenge the massacre of their own women and children by the whites. It is up to Todd to lead the six other survivors to safety, despite the distrust of some of them. Along the way, he and Jenny  fall in love. Tommy Rettig, who plays Jenny\'s younger brother Billy, is re-united with Widmark, Rettig played Widmark\'s son in the 1950 film noir Panic in the Streets. Despite saving a small U.S. cavalry detachment from an ambush, Todd is recognized and brought to trial. He reveals that all four Harpers raped and murdered his Comanche wife and killed his two young boys. General Howard takes pity on him and places him in the permanent "custody" of Jenny.'] ['A statue is being dedicated to the late founder of Hoyt City, and reporters from around the country have gathered, speculating that "the old lady\'s going to talk." When the anticipated "old lady" does not appear at the event, they rush to her home. She is centenarian Hannah Sempler , who lives in an old mansion among the skyscrapers of Hoyt City. As she confronts the press who have barged in, a photographer says, "Hold it, Mrs. Hoyt!" She replies that her name is Hanna Sempler, and refuses to answer their questions as to whether she and Hoyt had been married, which as another reporter says, would make him a bigamist. The intruders leave, having learned nothing to prove or disprove the many rumors, but Hannah is persuaded to tell her story to a young female biographer who lags behind. She reminisces about her experiences with Ethan Hoyt  in the American West. In 1848, a teenaged Hannah Sempler is squired by her wealthy father\'s associate, Mr. Cadwallader , but she is not interested. Hannah meets and flirts with a young pioneer and dreamer, Ethan Hoyt, who comes to her home seeking financial backing from her father  in order to build a city in the western wilderness. Her father rejects Ethan\'s proposal, stating that it is too risky. Hannah, however, falls in love with the young man, and quite impulsively, they elope and head west. The first years of their marriage are not easy, but the couple are happy. When Ethan loses all his money and possessions in a drunken gambling spree to Steely Edwards , Hannah wins back his losses and befriends Steely, who accompanies the couple to Sacramento, where they hope to strike it rich mining. In Sacramento, Hannah and Ethan spend less time together, with Ethan working long hours in the mines. One day, Hannah discovers silver on Ethan\'s boots, carried from the Virginia City mine where he had been working. Hannah knows she is pregnant, but does not reveal this to Ethan, knowing he would never leave her behind in that condition. Instead she encourages Ethan to go to Virginia City and find his fortune in the silver mines. Thinking his wife wants him gone so she can be with Steely, Ethan leaves her with no intention of returning. After he leaves for Virginia City, the friendship between Hannah and Steely grows. Steely in fact looks after Hannah and her twin babies. When Sacramento is threatened by torrential flooding, Hannah plans to travel to San Francisco. But knowing that Hannah still loves Ethan, Steely arranges for her to travel by coach to Virginia City to be with her husband—he will go to San Francisco alone. As the coach crosses a bridge near Sacramento, the river overflows and washes away the coach and its passengers. Hannah alone survives; the babies perish. After burying the twins, and believing that Hannah is also dead, Steely travels to Virginia City to tell Ethan the tragic news. It has been years since they\'ve seen or spoken, and by now Ethan has become a wealthy man. When Steely tells him that Hannah is dead, Ethan shoots him, saying, "He killed my wife." Thinking that Hannah and Steely are now dead—Steely actually survives the shooting—Ethan continues his dream of building a great city. Steely returns to Sacramento and discovers that Hannah is still alive. He tells her that Ethan, who believes she is dead, has married another woman. Steely and Hannah move to San Francisco and open a gambling casino. Years later, Hannah\'s father visits her and urges her to "disappear" so as not to threaten the political future of Ethan Hoyt, who is now representing her father\'s railroad interests. Hannah refuses her father\'s request, and travels to Hoyt City, where she watches Ethan giving a political speech. No longer a champion of the people as he once dreamed of becoming, Ethan is now a man of wealth and power, participating in corrupt practices to achieve private goals. Ethan sees Hannah in the crowd and they meet. She tells him that she had divorced him, knowing his political future would be ruined by scandal if it were known they were still married. She reminds him of the dreamer he once was. He goes off with a renewed idealism, devoting the rest of his life to helping the less fortunate, even at his own expense. The story concludes as it started, with the aged Hannah and the young female biographer discussing Ethan Hoyt, standing beneath the impressive statue. Hannah has been alone for many years now, Steely having died in the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake, the same year that Ethan returned to Hoyt City, to die in Hannah\'s mansion. No one knew why he chose to do this, and for some thirty more years Hannah has remained silent about their marriage. The biographer now realizes the profound role that Hannah played in Ethan\'s life and success, and in the founding of this now great city. Also aware of Ethan\'s mythic reputation, she kisses Hannah sweetly, saying, "I\'m kissing my biography [of Ethan] goodbye." Before Hanna leaves the statue, the old woman tears up the marriage certificate she has kept all these years, saying of his myth , "Forever, Ethan. Now no one can change it. Forever."'] ['A ranch foreman tries to start a range war by playing two cattlemen against each other whilst helping a gang rustle their cattle. Each of the cattlemen blames the other for stealing their cattle. Hop-Along Cassidy, played by William Boyd, having been shot in an earlier gunfight, , uses an altered cowhide brand to discover the real rustlers. The cattlemen join forces with Hop-Along to bring the rustlers to justice.'] ["Wong Fei-hung, Clubfoot and 13th Aunt cross the Pacific Ocean to America to visit Bucktooth So, who has opened a Po-chi-lam clinic there. While traveling by carriage through the wilderness, they pick up a friendly cowboy named Billy, who is almost dying of thirst. When the party stops to have lunch, a bunch of hostile Native Americans ambush them. Wong, Clubfoot and 13th Aunt escape unharmed but their carriage slides off a cliff and falls into a river. 13th Aunt and Clubfoot are rescued and taken to Bucktooth So's clinic. However, Wong hits his head on a rock and loses his memory as a consequence. He is saved by a Native American tribe. Back in town, the mayor makes oppressive rules with the intention of causing trouble for the Chinese people living there, while Billy tries to stop him. Meanwhile, the tribe that rescues Wong encounters a more powerful rival tribe. The rival leader, a fearsome warrior, injures Fierce Eagle  on Wong's side. However, to everyone's surprise, Wong defeats the rival leader and half of his men with his kung-fu, causing the rival tribe to flee in fear. Wong is eventually brought back to the town where his companions attempt to help him recall his past. When Wong finally regains his memory, he forgets everything that has happened during the period when he suffered from amnesia. In the meantime, the mayor is in debt and decides to hire a Mexican bandit to help him rob the bank, so that he can abscond the town with a ton of cash. The robbery is successful and the mayor frames the people in Po-chi-lam for it. Wong and the others are arrested and almost hanged. Just then, the Mexican bandit discovers that the mayor has paid him US$400,000 less, so he returns to town to claim his money. In the ensuing fight, the mayor is killed and Wong manages to capture the bandit to clear his name. At the end of the film, Billy is elected as the new mayor while Wong, 13th Aunt and Clubfoot return to China."] ['{{Expand section}} In the film, a large cougar attacks livestock during a prolonged drought in a mountainous western community in Utah in the 1930s, prompting a search to find and kill the cat.www.imdb.com/title/tt0041175/'] ['{{Expand section}} Following the shooting of Billy the Kid by his former friend Sheriff Pat Garrett lookalike deputy sherriff Roy Rogers,assisted by travelling musical instrument salesman Frog Millhouse, takes his place to defend the honest settlers of Lincoln County, New Mexico from evil ranchers.'] ['In 1880, a motley group of strangers boards the east-bound stagecoach from Tonto, Arizona Territory to Lordsburg, New Mexico Territory. Among them are Dallas , a prostitute who is being driven out of town by the members of the "Law and Order League"; an alcoholic doctor, Doc Boone ([[Thomas Mitchell ; pregnant Lucy Mallory , who is traveling to see her cavalry officer husband; and whiskey salesman Samuel Peacock . When the stage driver, Buck , looks for his normal shotgun guard, Marshal Curly Wilcox ([[George Bancroft  tells him that the guard has gone searching for fugitive the Ringo Kid . Buck tells Marshal Wilcox that Luke Plummer  is in Lordsburg. Knowing that Kid has vowed to avenge the deaths of his father and brother at Plummer\'s hands, the marshal decides to ride along as guard. As they set out, U.S. cavalry Lieutenant Blanchard  informs the group that Geronimo and his Apaches are on the warpath and his small troop will provide an escort until they reach Dry Fork. Gambler and Southern gentleman Hatfield  joins them and at the edge of town, the stage is flagged down by banker Henry Gatewood, , who is absconding with $50,000 embezzled from his bank. Along the way, they come across the Ringo Kid, whose horse became lame and left him afoot. Even though they are friends, Curly has no choice but to take Ringo into custody. As the trip progresses, Ringo takes a strong liking to Dallas. When Doc Boone tells Peacock that he served as a doctor in the Union Army during the "War of the Rebellion," Hatfield quickly uses a Southern term, the "War for Southern Independence." Later, Mrs. Mallory asks Hatfield whether he was ever in Virginia; he tells her he served in the Confederate Army under her father\'s command. When the stage reaches Dry Fork, the group is informed that the expected cavalry detachment has gone to Apache Wells. Buck wants to turn back, but Curly demands that the group vote. With only Buck and Peacock objecting, they proceed to Apache Wells. There, Mrs. Mallory faints and goes into labor when she hears that her husband had been wounded in battle. Doc Boone is called upon to assist the delivery, and later Dallas emerges holding a healthy baby. Later that night, Ringo asks Dallas to marry him. She does not give him an immediate answer, afraid to reveal her checkered past, but the next morning, she agrees if he promises to give up his plan to fight the Plummers. Encouraged by Dallas, Ringo escapes but returns when he sees signs of a possible Indian attack. When the stage reaches Lee\'s Ferry, the passengers find the station and ferry burned, and those who were not killed have fled. They tie large logs to the sides of the stagecoach and float it across the river. Just when they think that danger has passed, they are set upon by a band of Apaches. Curly releases Ringo from his handcuffs to help repel the attack. During a long chase, when things look bleak, Hatfield is about to use his last bullet to save Mrs. Mallory from being taken alive when he is fatally wounded. Just then, the 6th U.S. cavalry arrives to the rescue of the group. When the stage finally arrives in Lordsburg, Gatewood is arrested by the local sheriff, and Mrs. Mallory is told that her husband\'s wound is not serious. Dallas begs Ringo not to seek vengeance against the Plummers, but he is determined to settle matters. Curly grants him leave and his gun. In the ensuing shootout, Ringo dispatches Luke and his two brothers, then returns to Curly, expecting to return to jail. He asks the lawman to take Dallas to his ranch. However, when Ringo boards a wagon and says goodbye, Curly invites Dallas to ride to the edge of town. As she climbs aboard, and Curly and Doc laugh and start the horses moving, letting Ringo "escape" with Dallas.'] ['Notorious outlaw Wes McQueen  is freed from jail and heads off to the Colorado Territory to meet the man who arranged the escape, his old friend Dave Rickard . Along the way, the stagecoach he is riding in is attacked by a gang of robbers. When the driver and guard are both killed, McQueen kills or drives off the remaining gunmen, earning the gratitude of the other passengers, dreamer Fred Winslow  and his daughter Julie Ann . Winslow has bought a ranch sight unseen and looks forward to making his fortune. McQueen arrives at the ghost town of Todos Santos, where Reno Blake ([[John Archer  and Duke Harris ([[James Mitchell  are waiting for him, along with Reno\'s part-Indian girlfriend, Colorado Carson . After looking them over , he heads off to a nearby town to meet an ailing Rickard, who asks McQueen to pull off one last big train robbery so they can both retire. With the exception of Rickard, McQueen distrusts everybody else in the gang, including ex-private detective Pluthner ([[Harry Woods , who recruited Reno and Duke, and Homer Wallace , the railroad informant. McQueen wants to go straight, but agrees to do the job out of gratitude and friendship. While waiting for the robbery, McQueen decides to keep Colorado with him to avoid stirring up trouble between Duke and Reno. Although Colorado falls for him and tells him so, McQueen still dreams of marrying Julie Ann and settling down. When he visits the Winslow ranch, he finds it a poor, arid place. Winslow warns him that Julie Ann loves Randolph, a rich man back east. Winslow took her away because Randolph would never have married so far beneath him socially. McQueen, however, does not let the disclosure deter him. The day of the robbery, a suspicious McQueen talks to Wallace\'s wife and discovers he has betrayed the gang for the reward money. Forewarned, McQueen uncouples the passenger cars in which the sheriff and his men wait in ambush, leaving them behind. Duke and Reno, as prearranged with Pluthner, also try to double cross McQueen, but he is prepared for them too. He gets the drop on them, takes the money, and leaves the pair handcuffed together for the sheriff to capture and later hang. He and Colorado go to split the money with Rickard, only to find Pluthner over the old man\'s dead body. McQueen kills him, but is shot in the shoulder. A wounded McQueen heads to the Winslow ranch, where Winslow helps Colorado remove the bullet out, even after he is told who McQueen really is and what he has done. Later, McQueen overhears Julie Ann tell her father they should turn him in for the reward money. However, Winslow lies to the sheriff and his posse when they show up. McQueen realizes he loves Colorado and asks her to marry him. The happy couple plan a new life in Mexico, but are found hiding out in Todos Santos. He gives her the money, drives off her horse so she cannot follow him, and makes a desperate dash for the border. He is trapped in a long-deserted cliffside Indian settlement, but is too good a marksman for his pursuers to rush him. Eventually Colorado arrives on foot. Meanwhile, the sheriff comes up with a devious plan. After stationing an Indian sharpshooter, he and all but two of his men ride away to a  back entrance. As the lawman had hoped, Colorado grabs a gun from one of the men, orders them to walk away, and takes the two remaining horses to McQueen. McQueen emerges and is wounded by the sharpshooter. When the posse returns, Colorado shoots back, and the two lovers are killed in a hail of gunfire. In the closing scene, a priest at a church McQueen visited says, "A happy couple passed by here today." The priest rings the church bells.'] ['Bandit Buzz Buzzard has been terrorizing a small western town and makes it his duty to dispose of all future sheriffs. Woody Woodpecker soon rides into town, becomes the new sheriff, and vows to get rid of Buzz. After Woody and Buzz share a few drinks, they pit their wits against each other. Their confrontation reaches its climax when Sheriff Woody traps the bandit in a burning stove and tosses a box of dynamite in with him.'] ['As the lead actress, Britton was the protagonist child of an American father and Spanish mother, Dones Jose and Zara Montalvo, as portrayed by Victor Kilian and Cecil Weston who is credited as Cecile Weston.{{cite web|urlBandit Queen - Cast|workallmovie.com|accessdateimdbTBQ061110/> She teamed up with Phillip Reed, in the role of Joaquin Murietta, to regain her rightful inheritance. Together they assumed false identities with Montalvo hidden behind the alias of a Zorro-like character named Lola Belmont with Murietta as Carlos del Rio. Montalvo sought the aid of Father Antonio , who along with Murietta, is one of the few people to know their double identities. Antonio warned her that her outlaw gang was wanted by the Spanish authority and its soldiers. on the behalf of other neighboring rancheros.'] ["Gregory Peck, in a role he considered a low-point of his career, plays Captain Richard Lance, a by-the-book West Point graduate who is not very popular with the men under his command. The conflict in the story arises when Captain Lance assigns a popular officer, Lieutenant Holloway, to lead a small group of men while escorting a prisoner to a nearby fort. The prisoner is Tucsos, the leader of a nearby Apache tribe, and the Apaches will stop at nothing to get him back. Lieutenant Holloway ends up dead, and the men at the fort blame Captain Lance. They believe that his decision to assign Lieutenant Holloway to the dangerous mission was a personal one . Lance's standing with the soldiers at the fort only gets worse when he assembles a group of misfit cavalrymen to hold off rampaging Indians at a narrow mountain pass, which is considered to be a suicide mission."] ['Matt Devereaux  is a ranch owner who has tried to raise his sons to carry on the fierce, hard-working Irish settlement spirit that helped make him a success. However, as a consequence, he never learned to show his three sons from his first marriage the affection they yearned for and treats his boys little better than the hired help. Joe  is Matt\'s son by the Native American Princess, Matt\'s wife "Señora" . The town\'s people call her Senora out of respect for Matt but not out of respect for her. Because of Joe\'s mixed ethnicity, he is treated prejudicially by his three half-brothers, Ben , Mike , and Denny  -- all Caucasian sons of Matt\'s first wife. Joe loves his father and would do nearly anything for him, but his siblings resent Matt\'s emotional distance. The two middle kids rustle cattle and get two Mexicans killed, then get caught and shot by Matt and two Indians . Soon after 40 head of cattle die, Matt discovers a copper mine 20 miles away is polluting a stream where he waters his cattle. He becomes furious and leads a raid on the mine. The mine is on Matt\'s land, but he does not have the mineral rights. The law issues a warrant to arrest whoever was responsible for the attack. To spare his father the agony and humiliation of a stay behind bars, Joe claims responsibility and spends several years in prison. When he\'s released, he discovers that Ben and his other brothers rebelled against their father with such extremity that the old man suffered a fatal stroke. While Señora tries to persuade Joe not to seek revenge, Ben is more than willing to fight his brother for taking his father\'s side.'] ['{{Plot}} Young Karl Westover , a pre-Civil War Texas farm boy, accidentally kills his brother-in-law and must flee to Mexico. Early into his flight he is met by the outlaw Barbarosa  who, seconds later, kills a man who was following him. It is apparent that Barbarosa knows him, but doesn\'t say. Despite his disgust that Karl has nothing worth robbing, is loath to leave the poor rube to die in the desert. Barbarosa shows Karl how to find water, make a fire, and catch an armadillo for his supper before leaving him with the advice to go home to Texas. Karl makes his way to a small pueblo and finds a grubby cantina. He is enjoying his first good meal in a long time and receiving the attentions of his first working girl ever when Barbarosa bursts in and robs everyone at gunpoint. Filling his sombrero with loot, Barbarosa instructs Karl to gather the rest, and steals away while everyone is bemused by Karl\'s amateurish performance. Nevertheless Karl escapes, and he and Barbarosa ride together for the winter while Karl learns the life of an outlaw adventurer. Karl is being pursued by Floyd and Otto Pahmeyer, the brothers of the man he killed, sent by their vengeful father. They are naive farm boys as Karl once was, and Karl and Barbarosa easily get the drop on them. Again to Barbarosa\'s disgust, Karl leaves them alive and tells them to go home. They say they can\'t, being more afraid of their father than the banditos. "You know how Papa gets", they tell Karl, and hike off to replace their guns and resume the chase. The banditos encounter a poor old couple with a burro, and  Karl refuses to rob them. Barbarosa and Karl are then captured by the outlaw Angel Morales and his gang, and as Angel is debating what to do with them the old couple, Angel\'s parents, arrive in camp and reveal great gobs of loot hidden in their burro\'s pack; Barbarosa tells Karl, "Well, I hope you\'re satisfied!" When the old couple tell their story, the enraged Angel shoots Barbarosa in the belly. He spares Karl\'s life for restraining Barbarosa from robbing his parents, but sets him to digging Barbarosa\'s grave. When Karl dumps Barbarosa\'s body in the shallow grave and starts throwing dirt in his face, he sneezes and whispers fiercely, "Stop that!"; it seems that the bullet was deflected by Barbarosa\'s big silver belt buckle, and he has been playing dead. Barbarosa scuttles off into the brush when no one is looking, and Karl quickly fills in the empty grave. Angel\'s gang capture the hapless Floyd and Otto, and Angel shoots them on a whim, again setting Karl to dig the graves. But in the morning, a stuporous Angel struggles awake to find himself buried to the neck in the desert sand, with the dead heads of Floyd and Otto surrounding him. Terrified, he screams fruitlessly for help and for the author of his demise, "Barbaroooooosaaaaaaa!" Even outlaws must have someplace to call home, it seems. Barbarosa has an ongoing love-hate relationship with the Zavala family. He brings his accumulated loot every few months when he visits his loyal wife, Josefina de Zavala , who lives at the hacienda of her father, Don Braulio Zavala . Intensely bitter, Don Braulio hates Barbarosa for crippling him and killing his son in a drunken fracas, and every few years he sends another young Zavala son, nephew, or cousin to kill Barbarosa; none has yet succeeded, and most have been themselves killed in the attempt. Don Braulio\'s tales, stylized and heavy with symbolism, spur the young Zavalas to their best efforts to be worthy of such an adversary, and the Zavalas have become rich and powerful thereby. The songs recounting Barbarosa\'s exploits become longer and more celebratory each year, and recent verses also recount the adventures of Barbarosa\'s new sidekick, the "Gringo Child." Yet the chorus between every verse exhorts "all you men of courage to grease up your guns and knives . . . this is the part where they kill Barbarosa." Barbarosa and Josefina have a nubile daughter, Juanita , who decides she likes the Gringo Child and hides Karl from searchers in her bed. Interrupted by her parents, Karl is kicked into the plaza by the enraged Barbarosa; the ruckus raises Don Braulio and the household, who rush to the plaza, guns blazing. Barbarosa twirls his Appaloosa horse in the gate, whooping, displaying his horsemanship and courage, and the banditos escape at the gallop amid a hail of bloodless gunplay. And when Karl too shows some backbone, telling Barbarosa that he liked Juanita and intends to visit her again, Barbarosa smiles and says that\'s fine with him. In the spring, Barbarosa and Karl decide to return to Texas. Climbing out of the Rio Grande canyon, Karl attempts to lend Barbarosa a hand up the final ledge. Karl is hampered by the saddlebags he is holding so Barbarosa says "Get rid of that!" To which Karl flings the saddlebags  back over the cliff. Terminally disgusted, Barbarosa yells at him, "I didn\'t say throw the MONEY down THERE! I\'ve BEEN down THERE!!!". Karl makes the aruous climb back down the cliff. He disturbs a rattlesnake and falls into the river. When Karl struggles back to the canyon rim that evening he finds Barbarosa waiting beside a campfire. He dumps the saddlebags of money at Barbarosa\'s feet, but Barbarosa is still peeved: "Bet you didn\'t bring an armadillo for my supper!" But Karl reveals his other hand from behind his back, tossing a dead armadillo into Barbarosa\'s lap. Both look at each other and laugh; Karl is learning, and starting to give as good as he gets. Barbarosa and Karl come to the Texas Hill Country and the German immigrant colony where Karl grew up, and ride into a stockmen\'s rendezvous. While enjoying eating barbecue and watching horse races, Karl mentions that horses are something he knows about and considers buying some broncos to take home to his father\'s farm. Suddenly a shot rings out—it is old Mr. Pahmeyer , still seeking to kill Karl for the death of his sons. In his rage, he misses. Karl covers him with his revolver and makes him stop trying to reload. "Go home, Mr. Pahmeyer, just go home!" he orders, and Mr. Pahmeyer has no choice but to obey. Karl buys his horses, but Barbarosa declines to accompany him back to lawful living. "To tell the truth, I\'m worn out keeping you amused," he grumbles. The two part ways as friends. Karl drives his herd to the farm, finding it very run down, his mother died, himself given up for dead, and his father Emile  and sister Hilda  despondent. He cheers them up, telling them that he "had a little luck down in Mexico -- me and another fellow." Next morning Emile steps outside to inspect "our horses." "OUR horses?" jokes Karl. "You\'d best break a few before it\'s \'OUR horses\'!", and Hilda laughs with them. But their laughter turns to screams as Mr. Pahmeyer takes another potshot from the woods, again missing Karl but killing his father. Karl goes alone to the Pahmeyer farmhouse, calling Mr. Pahmeyer to come out and end the feud. Mr. Pahmeyer calls back that he is sorry about killing Emile, that he never intended to do that. Karl calls back that he knows that, and again offers to end the feud. But despite the cries of his wife, Mr. Pahmeyer calls, "I don\'t think I can do it!" and charges out the door with his gun. Howling, "NOOOOO!", Karl is forced to kill him. Karl and Barbarosa reunite after some time . During a brief split, Karl aids Barbarosa in evading Eduardo Zavala , the most recent young would-be killer sent out by Don Braulio. Without Barbarosa\'s knowledge, he disarms Eduardo and strips him of his guns, his horse, and his boots. "WALK home! Git!" he orders Eduardo. But Eduardo is made of sterner stuff than his predecessors. He hones his silver crucifix down to a dagger point, wraps his feet in rawhide thongs, and stalks Barbarosa on foot. He leaps upon Barbarosa from ambush and stabs him in the belly, then flees to the south. As Karl sits with his dying friend, they discuss Barbarosa\'s life and death. "A man couldn\'t ask for better than what I had with the Zavalas," Barbarosa says. And then, "The little bastard\'s going back to tell everyone Barbarosa\'s dead. Barbarosa can\'t die!" Karl realizes, "He\'s afoot!" and may be caught before he gets back to the Zavala hacienda. Karl cremates Barbarosa\'s body, and pursues Eduardo at the gallop. But Eduardo has learned, and knocks Karl out by hitting him with a branch. Taking Karl\'s horse, Eduardo makes it back to the hacienda and is greeted as a hero. A fiesta is planned in his honor. Karl sits beside a campfire, defeated, nursing his headache. There is a rustle in the brush, and out comes Barbarosa\'s Appaloosa, with Barbarosa\'s saddle and enormous sombrero. Karl perks up. The fiesta at the Zavala hacienda is the most funereal party imaginable. Don Braulio Josephina and Jaunita look lost and bereft, the rest of the clan dance while contemplating directionless life without a Barbarosa to fight. Out of the night gallops a red-bearded man in an enormous sombrero on an Appaloosa, whooping and twirling and shooting up the sky. As Eduardo is about to be presented a black wreath of honor, Karl aims and shoots the reef just before it is place on his head. The Zavalas\'s shout, "Barbarosa! Barbarosa! Barbarosaaaa!" and scramble for their guns and knives.'] ["Sadie Martin owns a riverboat that is frequently used by miners traveling to their claims. During their trip, the miners drink and gamble. Sadie's daughter, Helen, is unaware of her mother's work because her mother sends her to boarding school in order to live a lifestyle more attributed to the upper-class. Unfortunately for Sadie, she is facing difficulty maintaining the costly riverboat. She is soon forced to sell the boat in order to make ends meet. However, greater problems soon enter Sadie's life as the Yukon Mining Company sends John Thorne to take the riverboat away from her, as well as to cheat all of her customers out of their claims. Meanwhile, Helen unexpectedly arrives on the riverboat with her boyfriend Bob. Bob takes a job with John and is unknowingly manipulated by him. To Sadie's disappointment, Helen appears to enjoy life on the riverboat. Sadie soon implores Ace Rincon to help her."] ["Gene Autry , the Knight Ranch foreman, learns that a neighboring rancher Jed Thorpe  is bringing sheep into the area. Gene rushes to Thorpe's ranch, concerned that a hot-headed cattle rancher named Thad Morgan  may try to kill Thorpe. Morgan was once ruined financially by sheep ranching. Gene is able to stop Thorpe from bringing in the sheep, and Thorpe agrees to send the sheep back. Sometime later, Sandra Knight , who inherited the Knight Ranch from her late uncle, arrives in town with three female friends, who studied animal husbandry with her at the agricultural college. Before reaching the ranch, Sandra is approached by Thorpe's partner Briggs  who sells her the sheep. Continuing on to the ranch with the sheep, Sandra nearly hits Gene and his horse Champion. Learning about the sheep deal, Gene tries to dissuade Sandra from raising sheep, explaining that they eat grass to the root so that it cannot grow back, but Sandra doesn't listen to him. Instead of taking her to her ranch, Gene shows her to his own rocky ground and ramshackle cabin, telling her that it's her ranch. That night, as the girls try to sleep, Gene's friend, Frog Millhouse , makes wild animal noises to scare the girls into leaving the next day. One such noise sends Sandra into Gene's arms, and she asks him to sleep on the porch. The following day, Gene and Sandra go riding and come across the beautiful house and fertile land that is actually hers. Gene, who is falling in love with Sandra, is about to tell her the truth when she says she wants to lease the rocky land  for her sheep. When Morgan learns about the sheep on Gene's ranch, he rides there intending to shoot them, but Gene is able to stop him. Gene agrees to the sheriff's demand that he remove the sheep from the area in twenty-four hours. When Gene notices Frog applying Mercurochrome to a wound, he gets the idea to paint the sheep so that they will appear to have hoof-and-mouth disease. After Briggs discovers that Sandra believes she owns Gene's ranch, he offers her $5,000 for her property—a bargain for Gene's ranch, but far below the value of her own ranch, worth an estimated $100,000. When Sandra sees the painted sheep appearing diseased, she accepts Briggs's offer to buy them, and Briggs delivers the sheep to Morgan. That night at the dance, needing to keep Gene from interfering while Sandra signs over her ranch without understanding the legal implications, Briggs tells Sandra about Gene's trick. Angered by the ruse, Sandra fires Gene. Later, when Morgan confronts Gene about the sheep and draws on him, Gene pulls out his gun which fires before Gene pulls the trigger—Thorpe had rigged the gun earlier that evening. Morgan is wounded and Gene is arrested. Sandra decides to accept Briggs' offer to buy the ranch and tells her girlfriends to pack. After informing Gene about the sale, Frog helps him escape by putting up a wrecking company sign in front of the jail and paying a truck driver to pull the wall off the building. Pursued by the sheriff and a mob, Gene rides after Briggs and Sandra. After Sandra signs the deed over to Briggs, Gene pursues Briggs to the county seat and rips up the deed. The sheriff is informed that Morgan, after regaining consciousness, identified Thorpe as the one who shot him. Gene and the sheriff shakes hands, and later, Gene and Sandra go for a romantic ride through her ranch."] ['The film opens with Jim Craig  and his father Henry  discussing their finances. A herd of wild horses called The Brumby Mob passes by, and Henry wants to shoot the black stallion leader - but Jim convinces his father to capture and sell them. The next morning the mob reappears and Henry is accidentally killed. Before Jim can inherit the station, a group of mountain men tell him that he must first earn the right – and to do so he must go to the lowlands and work. Jim meets an old friend called Spur  - a one-legged miner. Jim then gets a job on a station owned by Harrison, Spur\'s brother, on a recommendation by Harrison\'s friend Banjo Patterson. Meanwhile Clancy of the Overflow appears at Spur\'s mine and the two discuss their pasts and futures. Clancy goes to Harrison\'s station to lead a cattle muster. At dinner, Harrison tells Clancy that "he has no brother" when referring to Spur. Harrison organises a round-up of his cattle, but Jim is not allowed to go. While the others are gone, Harrison’s daughter Jessica  asks Jim to help her break in a prize colt. The mob appears again, and Jim unsuccessfully gives chase on the valuable horse. When Harrison returns, he sends Jim to bring back 20 strays. Later Harrison learns of Jim\'s actions - he tells Jessica that he\'s fired and that she will be sent to a women\'s college. Impulsively, she rides off into the mountains where she is caught in a storm. Spur, meanwhile finally strikes a large gold deposit. Jim finds Jessica’s horse and rescues her. She tells him that he’s going to be fired, but he still leaves to return the cattle. Jessica is surprised at meeting Spur, her uncle, who she had never been told about. She is also confused when Spur mistakes her for her dead mother, and refuses to tell her anything about their past. After returning, Jessica learns that Spur and Harrison both fell in love with her mother. To woo her, Harrison bet his life savings on a horse race and became rich overnight while Spur went looking for gold. She then died while delivering Jessica. Harrison is grateful to Jim for returning his daughter, but he becomes angry when Jim says he loves her. As he leaves, the prized colt from Old Regret is let loose by a farmhand in the hope that Jim will be blamed. Later, while camping out, Spur tells Jim that he is set to inherit his father\'s share of the mine. Clancy joins them and informs them of the colt, but Jim refuses to retrieve the animal. Meanwhile, Harrison offers a reward of ₤100, attracting riders and fortune-hunters from every station in the area. Clancy does eventually show, accompanied by Jim, who Harrison finally allows to join the hunt. Several riders have accidents in pursuit and even Clancy is unable to contain the mob. The riders give up when the mob descends a seemingly impassable grade. However, Jim goes forward and returns the horses to Harrison’s farm. Harrison offers him the reward but he refuses. Having cleared his name, Jim would like to return some day for the horses and, looking at Jessica, "anything else that\'s mine." He rides back up to the mountain country, knowing that he has earned his right to live there.'] ['{{Plot}} Mike Frye  and Deborah Patterson , co-owners of an advertising firm, have a big hit when they recycle some old Western films starring "Smoky" Callaway  for a new television audience. Tom Lorrison , the show\'s sponsor, is eager to make more films, but nobody has seen Smoky in ten years. Under intense pressure to produce the star, Frye hires Smoky\'s agent, Georgie Markham ([[Jesse White , to go look for him. Salvation comes in the form of a letter from a real cowboy named "Stretch" Barnes , who complains that his friends keep making fun of him because of his resemblance to Smoky. After one look at the enclosed photograph, Frye and Patterson travel to see him. They talk a reluctant Stretch into impersonating Smoky, telling him that Smoky is dead. After a dinner with Lorrison and his wife Martha , a big fan of the actor, Frye and Patterson get the go-ahead to launch a marketing campaign. Patterson heads out on a nation-wide publicity tour with Stretch. As they spend time together, Stretch falls in love with her and eventually presents her with an engagement ring. She is reluctant to accept it, but he tells her to keep it and put it on only if she ever decides she loves him back. Things get sticky when Markham finally finds Smoky in a Mexican bar. He has not changed a bit; he is still a selfish, womanizing drunk. Smoky is uninterested in going back to work, but Markham shanghais him and talks him into it on the boat trip back. Frye is not pleased when Smoky shows up in his office, but sees he has no choice. He sends Smoky to a health farm to get back into shape. However, despite strict supervision, Smoky manages to stash bottles of liquor everywhere. When a woman accosts Stretch on the street and accuses him of not doing anything for needy children, he is moved. After some thought, he secretly hires a lawyer to set up a children\'s foundation which will receive all of his earnings except a modest allowance for him . When Smoky and Stretch meet by chance, Stretch discovers he has been duped and decides to go home. That night, the law firm\'s west coast representative  shows up with the legal document setting up the charity foundation. Stretch comes up with a plan. With Smoky still out of shape, Frye and Patterson had begged him to make an appearance at the Los Angeles Coliseum. Stretch decides to accept, intending to sign the document in front of 90,000 fans and dignitaries. When Smoky learns of his scheme, he objects; the two men get into a brawl and Smoky gets knocked out. Frye and Markham try to intervene and suffer the same fate. When Smoky comes to, he realizes he cannot stop Stretch, so he goes back to Mexico since he would only get paid a modest salary for a lot of hard work. At the Coliseum, Stretch runs into Patterson, who not only approves of his plan, but is also wearing his ring.'] ['Trappers with government support force the Yellow Hands Sioux off their sacred land. The Indians retreat, but await supernatural punishment to descend on their usurpers. Harris reprises his role as John Morgan, 8th Earl of Kildare, who had lived with the tribe for years and is known as Horse, leaves his English fiancé and estate and returns to America, where he discovers the Yellow Hand people have been largely massacred or put into slavery by the unscrupulous white traders and their Indian cohorts. The few survivors, including wise old Running Bull and stubborn old Elk Woman  have gone into the Badlands and been forced to eat their dogs. "Why did you return?" asks Elk Woman. "I had to come back," says Morgan. "I had to prove something to myself... there was an empty place in my soul. I could not forget." He finds the tribe dispirited, because of the actions of the trappers, and he begins to devise a strategy to overpower the trappers\' stronghold, convincing the Indians to take direct action. Soon even the Indian women and boys are assigned tasks to aid the assault on regaining their ancestral land.'] ["After witnessing nightclub owner Tony Pearl murdered by gangster Mike Scarlotti , blues singer Eleanor Spenser  flees Chicago and heads West on a bus. Soon her picture appears in newspapers across the country. The bus makes a stop in Turquoise City, New Mexico, where Martin Simms , the crooked owner of the Blue Moon saloon, befriends Eleanor. After seeing her picture in the newspapers, Simms, who is hoping to collect a reward from Scarlotti, sends the gangster a telegram revealing Eleanor's whereabouts. The bus is held up by the O'Keefe Brothers , a local aspiring singing troupe seeking publicity. Sheriff Gene Autry  arrests all of the O'Keefe Brothers, except Buck and Tom who escape. Meanwhile Simms sees Eleanor preparing to leave town and is able to convince her to stay. Gene arrives on the scene and recognizes Eleanor from the bus. She introduces herself as Jane Edwards, the new entertainer at his Blue Moon saloon. Sometime later Gene sees Eleanor's picture in a newspaper and goes to the Blue Moon saloon to protect her against Simms. Gene and Eleanor end up singing a song together. Gene discovers Buck and Tom in their hideout at the old corral and hires the O'Keefes to perform at the town plaza for Turquoise City's celebration of its new dam. During the concert, Scarlotti arrives and threatens Simms, trying to force him to reveal Eleanor's whereabouts. Deputy Frog  is able to warn Eleanor about Scarlotti's arrival and takes her to the old corral to hide. Scarlotti follows them to the old corral. Gene recruits the O'Keefe Brothers as his posse, who stampede cattle, forcing Scarlotti's men to scatter. Gene arrests Scarlotti, and Eleanor names him as the murderer of Tony Pearl. Gene also arrests Simms for intimidating a witness. Gene sings another song, and then kisses Eleanor."] ["In 1931, the Bondurant brothers—Forrest, Howard and Jack—are running a successful moonshine business in Franklin County, Virginia, with the help of their friend, Cricket Pate, using their bar as a front for their illegal activities. One day, Jack witnesses mobster Floyd Banner shooting a competitor and they exchange looks before Jack returns to the bar, where Forrest hires Maggie Beauford, a dancer from Chicago, to be their new waitress. Shortly afterwards, the bar is visited by newly-arrived Special Deputy Charley Rakes, who informs Forrest that he wants a cut of all profit made by the county's bootleggers. Forrest refuses and threatens to kill Rakes if he returns. Forrest later meets with the other bootleggers and convinces them to stand up to Rakes as well, though they eventually give in to Rakes' intimidation tactics. Meanwhile, Jack meets Bertha Minnix, daughter of the local German Baptist preacher. He attends their church drunk and makes a fool of himself, causing Bertha's father to forbid her from seeing him, which only makes her more interested in Jack. Jack later finds Rakes raiding Cricket's house in search of his distillation equipment, and Rakes brutally beats Jack to send a message to his brothers. Forrest learns of this and tells Jack that he needs to learn how to fight for himself. Forrest and Howard arrange to meet with potential clients from Chicago, but Howard gets drunk with a friend and misses the appointment. Forrest ends up beating the two men with Cricket's help when they harrass Maggie. Later, after Cricket leaves, the men return, slash Forrest's throat, and rape Maggie. While Forrest recovers at a hospital, Jack decides to travel to Chicago with Cricket to sell their remaining liquor. Arriving there, they are doublecrossed by their clients but are rescued by Banner, who recognizes Jack. Banner already knows of the attack on Forrest, as well as the identities of the two assailants; he provides Jack with their address and advises Jack that they are working for Rakes. Forrest and Howard later find, torture, and kill the men to send a message to Rakes. Banner becomes a regular client of the brothers, who move their distillation equipment to the woods and have great profit. The money allows Jack to continue courting Bertha, while Forrest begins a relationship with Maggie after she moves into the bar for her safety, though she does not tell him she was raped. Jack eventually decides to show Bertha the distillation center, but they are ambushed by Rakes and his men, who had followed them. Howard and Jack are forced to flee from Rakes's men with Bertha and Cricket, however Cricket is later recaptured and murdered by Rakes. Wanting revenge for Cricket's death, Jack goes to confront Rakes and his men at a roadblock at a local bridge. Howard follows after him, rallying the bootleggers to come to their aid. Forrest joins them, though Maggie tries to dissuade him, telling him that it was she who had found him with his throat slashed and took him to the hospital. Forrest realizes then that she was also attacked that night, though Maggie does not say so. The bootleggers engage Rakes' men in a firefight, during which Rakes shoots Forrest multiple times before being shot in the leg and attempting to escape. Jack and Howard confront Rakes, shooting him in the chest with gun, and stabbing him in the back with a knife to his death. With Rakes and his men dead, the Bondurants decide to save their money and retire after Prohibition ends. By November 1940, Jack has married Bertha, Forrest has married Maggie, and Howard has married a local woman, all having children. During a reunion at Jack's house, Forrest walks to a frozen lake and falls into the freezing water, dying from pneumonia 2 weeks later."] ['Following the Civil War the two brothers, along with the Younger brothers - Cole Younger  and Bob Younger , Bob Ford  and Charles Ford , Clell Miller , and Arch Clements , begin to feel oppressed by the Chicago railroad investors. They set off on a trail of bank robberies, train heists, and stage holdups while evading the dogged pursuit of Allan Pinkerton  and his detective agency.'] ['Paris Pitman has pulled off a $500,000 robbery and is the only one who knows where the money is hidden. In a bordello, he is captured by Sheriff Woodward Lopeman, tried, convicted and sentenced to an Arizona penitentiary. A corrupt warden, LeGoff, is willing to cut the prisoner a deal. He will let Pitman break out of jail for an even split of the half-million dollars. Pitman agrees, but the plan goes awry when LeGoff is murdered by a Chinese convict, Ah-Ping. Lopeman becomes the new warden. Although they are enemies, he and Pitman work together to improve conditions at the prison. On a day the governor visits, Pitman makes his move. He manages to escape, but not before three inmates are killed, whereupon Pitman himself does away with two more, Ah-Ping being one of them. The money has been buried near a nest of rattlesnakes. Pitman heads for it, with Lopeman in hot pursuit. The money is his again when Pitman is suddenly bitten by a snake. He is left there to die while Lopeman, rather than ride back with the money, keeps it for himself and rides off into the sunset.'] ['Sick of the betrayals the United States government has perpetrated on the Native Americans, Colonel William Ludlow  retires to a remote part of Montana with One Stab, a Cree friend, where they build a ranch. Accompanying them are hired hand Decker; Decker\'s Cree wife, Pet; and their daughter, Isabel Two. Ludlow\'s wife, Isabel, does not adapt to the harsh winters and moves to the East Coast. Ludlow has three sons: Alfred, the eldest, is responsible and cautious; Tristan is wild and well-versed in American Indian traditions; Samuel, the youngest, is educated but naive and constantly watched over by his brothers. At age 12, Tristan touches a sleeping grizzly bear. The bear awakens and slashes at Tristan, injuring him, but he stabs at the bear\'s paw and cuts off a claw. As the boys grow up, Samuel returns from Harvard with his fiancée, Susannah Fincannon. She finds Tristan captivating, but loves Samuel. Before they can marry, Samuel tells his family that he is leaving for Calgary to join the Canadian Expeditionary Force, and aid Britain in the fight against Germany. Much to their father\'s displeasure, Alfred and Tristan also depart. During World War I, the brothers find themselves in the 10th Battalion, CEF. Alfred, commissioned as an officer, leads a charge into no man\'s land. Tristan abandons his unit to be at Samuel\'s side. The attack is repulsed with heavy casualties, and Alfred is wounded. While visiting Alfred in the field hospital, Tristan learns that Samuel has volunteered for a dangerous reconnaissance mission. He rushes off to protect his brother but arrives too late to save him from being killed. Devastated, Tristan holds Samuel until he dies, then cuts out Samuel\'s heart, which he sends home to be buried on his father\'s ranch. Seething with hatred, Tristan single-handedly raids behind German lines, killing two gunners. To the horror of his fellow soldiers, he returns to camp with the scalps of German soldiers hanging around his neck. He is discharged from army service but does not go home. Alfred returns to Montana and proposes marriage to Susannah, but she declines. Tristan returns home, where Susannah finds him weeping over Samuel\'s grave. Susannah tries to comfort him, and they become lovers. A jealous Alfred confronts Tristan and later leaves to make his name in Helena. Tristan\'s relationship with Susannah is doomed by his guilt and pain for failing to protect Samuel, as well as feeling responsible for driving Alfred away. These demons force him to go travelling for several years. At the ranch, Susannah waits for him but eventually receives a letter: "All we had is dead. As I am dead. Marry another." Alfred finds her weeping on the porch and tries to comfort her. Colonel Ludlow finds them together, leading to an argument and falling out between the Colonel and Alfred. Colonel Ludlow later suffers a stroke. He does not speak for years and the ranch deteriorates. In time Susannah agrees to marry Alfred, now a congressman. Alfred\'s business and politics cause him to get involved with the O\'Banion brothers, bootleggers and gangsters. Tristan returns during Prohibition, bringing life back to the ranch and his father. He accepts Susannah\'s marriage to his brother and later falls in love with and marries Isabel Two. They have two children, the elder being a boy named Samuel in honor of his late brother. Life seems to become normal again for Tristan as he finds true happiness in his young family. Tristan becomes involved in small-scale smuggling of bootleg liquor, finding himself at odds with the O\'Banion brothers. Tristan\'s wife is accidentally killed by a police officer working for the O\'Banions, and in a fit of agonized grief Tristan beats the officer nearly to death and has to serve thirty days in jail. Susannah visits, but Tristan refuses her advances and insists she "go home to Alfred". After his release, Tristan and Decker kill those responsible for Isabel Two\'s death, including one of the O\'Banion brothers. Susannah commits suicide after realizing she cannot live without Tristan. When the remaining O\'Banion brother comes for Tristan, he and the corrupt sheriff are killed by Colonel Ludlow and Alfred as Tristan attempts to protect his father. Alfred reconciles with his father and brother. Tristan, knowing he will be blamed for the men\'s disappearance, leaves for the mountain country after asking Alfred to take care of his children. Over time, everyone in Tristan\'s life dies before him. As an old man, Tristan enters a clearing to investigate an animal carcass and is set upon by a grizzly bear. He draws his knife and fights it. As they struggle, the image freeze-frames as One Stab narrates: "It was a good death".'] ["After a bank robbery, the responsible gang stops by the home of one of their members and to take his son as a hostage. The sheriff  calls for the help of a retired gunfighter , who is also the boy's grandfather. Hot on their trail, they find there are two bounty hunters also after the gang for crimes in Mexico."] ["In this film's version of the story, four of the Reno Brothers are corrupt robbers and killers while a fifth, Clint  is a respected Indiana farmer. A sister, Laura , who has inherited the family home, serves as a housekeeper and cook to the brothers. Some of them served in the Civil War, which has given them a hardened attitude toward violence. One brother is killed when they go after a bank in a nearby town, leading them to draw the conclusion that someone that they know is an informant, as the men of the town appeared to have been waiting for them. They soon learn that it was Murphy, a local bartender, whom they then murder by knocking him out, and tying him up in his barn, which they then set ablaze. The bartender was in fact an agent employed by the Peterson  Detective Agency sent to investigate and provide information about the Reno Brothers' crimes. His replacement is Scott's character, James Barlow, a former secret agent for the Confederacy, who determines to join the gang by posing as a train robber, a ploy which is aided by his being allowed to pull off a staged train robbery  in the area.  Grudgingly accepted by the brothers , he soon learns that they have corrupted local officials, including a judge , allowing them to operate in that part of the state with near-impunity. The brothers plan a train robbery with Barlow, but this proves to be a setup in which they are captured following a shootout and taken to an area jail outside the jurisdiction of the corrupted officials.  Townspeople are incited to mob violence and break into the jail and lynch the brothers before they can be brought to trial despite Barlow's best efforts to stop this."] ['On John Conroy\'s property, the 2-year-old colts and fillies are mustered and brought to the homestead for horse breaking. Two of the colts are of very good stock, especially the beautiful and spirited colt from the famous racehorse "Regret" (John Conroy says that the colt is worth a thousand pounds  and that he wants the colt to eventually be the [[stud . Jim Ryan arrives at John Conroy\'s property following the death of his father. When he and Conroy\'s daughter, Kate, see each other, it is love at first sight for them both. Jim, however, finds resentment at his presence at the station, both from John Conroy, the owner of the property, and the station\'s stockmen and station hands, with Dan Mulligan , disdainfully commenting "We don\'t want any swagmen here". Saltbush and McGinness McGee also make disparaging remarks about Jim Ryan\'s horse, with Saltbush sarcastically asking Jim if he bought his horse from a Mark Foys catalogue, and McGinness McGee commenting that it was more likely that the horse had been saved from a glue factory. John Conroy also comments that they have enough men working on the property already. Kate pleads with her father to give Jim a job at the property, and he finally relents, saying that Jim can help break the horses. John Conroy resents it when Jim Ryan says that he knows of a better way to break horses than the horse-breaking method being used at the property. However, John Conroy says that Jim could prove his expertise in horse breaking by breaking the colt from "Regret". During the night, the Brumby herd gallops close to the homestead, and the colt from "Regret" breaks free from his tethers and joins them. John Conroy is furious at the loss of his prized colt, and unfairly blames Jim for what has occurred. Conroy decides to get all the crack riders  from the stations near and far to come to the property and hunt for the Brumbies, offering a reward of £1000, and angrily orders Jim to leave the property first thing in the morning. The crack riders gather at the homestead the following morning, including "Harrison" who won his fortune when "Pardon" won the cup, , and "Clancy of the Overflow" . Jim shyly turns up to join in the ride to hunt for the colt and Brumbies, but finds that, apart from his friend, Clancy, he is not wanted by anyone on the ride. Clancy convinces the others that, as both Jim and his horse were mountain-reared, they would be of great help in the ride. The Brumbies are too quick for the riders and, when it becomes too steep and dangerous with Wombat holes , all riders stop short of the dangerous descent — apart from Jim, who continues to chase the Brumby herd - finally bringing the herd  back to John Conroy\'s property. John Conroy is delighted to have his colt back again, and gives his approval to Jim marrying Kate. A concert and country dance are then held in celebration and recognition of Jim\'s deed, as well as a superb equestrian pageant, and all ends happily.'] ["Nelson saves himself and Wilson from hanging. They acquire jobs at Linday's ranch and then foil horse thieves."] ["An outlaw masquerades as a blind man's son in order to trick him into a cache of Gold. After a while he grows attached to the family and all goes well until the outlaws gang comes through town..."] ['The film opens in the year 1759 with the arrival of Langdon Towne ([[Robert Young  in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. The son of a cordage - maker and ship rigger, he returns from Harvard University after being expelled for complaining about college food and drawing an unflattering picture of the President of Harvard College. Though disappointed, Langdon\'s family greets him with love, as does Elizabeth Browne , the daughter of a noted clergyman. Elizabeth\'s father  is less welcoming, however, and denigrates Langdon\'s aspirations to becoming a painter. That evening, while drinking in the local tavern with friend Sam Livermore , Langdon makes indiscreet remarks disparaging Wiseman Clagett , the king\'s attorney, and the Indian agent, Sir William Johnson, unaware that Clagett is sitting in the next room with another official. Facing arrest for his comments, Langdon fights the two men with the help of "Hunk" Marriner , a local woodsman and friend, before they both escape into the woods. As they flee westward, Langdon and Marriner stop in a backwoods tavern for something to drink. There they meet a man in a green uniform who treats them to a drink called "Flip" which is similar to hot buttered rum, after they help him with a drunk American Indian. After a night of drinking, the two men wake up at Fort Crown Point, where they are told that the man they had met was Major Rogers , the commander of Rogers\' Rangers. Needing Langdon\'s mapmaking skills, Rogers recruits the two men for his latest expedition, one to destroy the hostile Abenakis tribe and their town of St. Francis far to the north. Setting out at dusk, Rogers\' force rows north using whale boats on Lake Champlain. Traveling by night, they successfully evade river patrols by French forces but are forced to send several soldiers back to the fort after a confrontation with Mohawk scouts who were dismissed by Rogers. During the confrontation, a powder keg explodes which injures some of his force. However, Rogers not only sends back the injured to Crown Point, but the disloyal Mohawks provided him by Sir William Johnson , and a number of his men who didn\'t obey orders to avoid a confrontation with the Mohawks. Although his force is depleted, the rangers move onto their objective. Concealing their boats for a much later return, the force marches northward through swampland, avoiding dry land wherever possible to conceal their movements. When informed by his Stockbridge Indian scouts left to watch over the boats that the French have captured their boats and extra supplies, Rogers revises his plan and sends an injured officer back to Fort Crown Point requesting the British to send supplies to old Fort Wentworth, where the returning rangers will meet them. After making a human chain to cross an unbridged river, the rangers reach St. Francis. The force succeeds in their attack, setting fire to the dwellings and cutting the Abenakis off from retreat. When the battle is over, however, the rangers find only a few baskets of parched corn with which to replenish their dwindling provisions. Worse, as Marriner is searching the destroyed village, he comes across a prostrate Langdon suffering from a bullet wound in his abdomen. Facing hostile forces and a long march with only meager supplies, the rangers set out on their course to Wentworth, trying to evade the French and Indians pursuing them. Their initial objective is Lake Memphremagog, with the injured Langdon bringing up the rear. Ten days later, Rogers\' men reach the hills just above Lake Memphremagog, where they hope to find food by stopping to hunt and fish. Encountering signs of French activity, Rogers prefers to press on to Fort Wentworth a hundred miles distant, but the men vote to split up into four parties and fan out in search of game to eat. Game proves scare, though; worse, two of the detachments are ambushed by the French and most of the men killed. After persevering through harsh conditions, Rogers and the remaining fifty men finally reach the fort, only to find it unoccupied and in a state of disrepair. The hoped-for British relief column has not arrived. Though personally despairing, Rogers attempts to rally the men, who are on the verge of collapse. As Rogers attempts to perk up their flagging spirits with a prayer, they hear the fifes and drums of approaching British boats with the supplies. Reporting that the Abenakis are destroyed, the British do Rogers\' men the honor of presenting their firearms and shouting "Huzzah". After returning to Portsmouth, Langdon reunites with Elizabeth while Rogers\' Rangers are given a new mission: to find the Northwest Passage. Roger\'s fires them up with a brief speech telling them of all the wonders they will see while they march towards the first point of embarkation, a little fort called "Detroit." He passes by Langdon and Elizabeth to say goodbye where Elizabeth informs him that she and Langdon are headed for London where she is hopeful he will learn to become a great painter. Rogers bids them farewell and marches down the road and off into the sunset.'] ["Missie's  surprise discovery - her pregnancy - sets her on a new course that's at once thrilling and terrifying. After all the planning and dreaming, she and her husband, Willie , have headed west in a covered wagon, leaving behind the prairie home of Missie's parents. Later on they meet Jeff Huff and his older brother Sonny. They later make new friends and spend Christmas together. Now, caught between the excitement of the new adventure and the pain of not knowing when she'll see her family again, Missie copes with the challenges and cherishes the rewards of her new homestead. Missie and Willie LaHaye travel west to Tettsford Junction. Missie is afraid to tell Willie of her pregnancy. When they arrive on their new homestead, it is nothing like what Missie pictured. She meets an Indian woman who becomes her friend, and while praying with her friends she and her friends are tied to the fence and held at gun point by thieves and Missie is forced to show one of the thieves where she put their money but Jeff finds out that Sonny has been a thief all along. Sonny is shot and later dies. That night Missie goes into labor and gives birth to a baby boy named Matthew ."] ['When the sheriff of a small town in the Old West is slain by outlaws, his widow Rose Hood  takes over as sheriff and cleans up the town. She runs afoul of Erica Page , a saloon owner who is buying up cheap land in the hope that a railroad will be built through the town. Page hires Cane Miro , a wanted criminal, to kill Hood. However, Miro, who is romantically involved with Page, falls in love with Hood.'] ['New Yorker Mitch Robbins  has just turned 39 years old, and is thick in the middle of a midlife crisis. His best friends are also having crises of their own. Phil Berquist ([[Daniel Stern  is stuck managing his father-in-law\'s grocery store, while trapped in a sexless marriage with his overbearing wife, Arlene. Ed Furillo  is a successful businessman and playboy, having recently married an underwear model, but is struggling with the idea of monogamous marriage and the pressure to have kids. Ed often invites his two best friends on his various adventures, which are not always appreciated by Mitch, as one year earlier he suffered a mortifying injury during a holiday in Pamplona, Spain during the running of the bulls. At Mitch\'s birthday party, Phil and Ed present their joint gift: a two-week Southwestern cattle drive for all three men. Mitch initially refuses, having promised to visit his wife Barbara\'s  parents in Florida. However, they are also visited by a young check-out girl from Phil\'s grocery store who inadvertently reveals an affair she has recently had with him. Heartbroken, Arlene informs her father and files for divorce, and Phil loses his job. After Barbara insists he go, Mitch and friends travel to New Mexico, where they meet ranch owner Clay Stone  and several other participants of the cattle drive. As they "learn the ropes" of moving a herd, the trio enter a tense encounter with the ranch\'s two professional cowboys, Jeff and T.R. , when they drunkenly proposition another participant, Bonnie Rayburn . The standoff is abruptly halted when Curly Washburn , the seasoned, tough-as-nails trail boss, lassos Jeff into a chokehold, and chastises both for being intoxicated on the job. Bonnie develops a crush on Mitch after this, but Mitch does not reciprocate. Curly, Jeff, T.R., and the ranch\'s guests begin the long drive to Colorado. Curly overhears Mitch insult him and later humiliates Mitch in retaliation. After a destructive stampede is Mitch\'s fault, as punishment Curly chooses a fearful Mitch to ride with him in the canyons to find some stray cows. They spend the night alone and slowly begin to bond. Mitch discovers that despite Curly\'s tough exterior, he is a very wise man. Curly advises him how to face his problems: by concentrating on the "one thing" that is most important in his life. The next morning, Curly and Mitch are forced to deliver a pregnant cow\'s calf, which Mitch names "Norman". After Curly is forced to euthanize its ailing mother by delivering a coup de grace, Mitch informally adopts the newborn. The drive runs into trouble when Curly unexpectedly suffers a fatal heart attack. As they proceed without him, Cookie the cook  gets drunk and breaks both his legs, requiring him to be taken to a hospital. Without Curly\'s presence, Jeff and T.R. become freely intoxicated, goading Mitch into challenging them. Ed intervenes and Phil soon disarms both, furiously ordering them to go to bed. Fearing reprisals from Clay Stone, Jeff and T.R. abandon the group in the wilderness, leaving them with no trail boss, food or map. The remaining participants decide to abandon the herd and seek civilization, except for Ed and Phil, who insist on driving the herd to Colorado despite Mitch\'s pleas. The others ride on ahead, but Mitch unexpectedly returns  to rejoin his fellow "city slickers" and finish the drive. The final test of the drive involves crossing a dangerous river. Despite a violent storm, the men successfully drive most of the herd across the river, except for Norman, who is caught up in the river\'s rapid current. Mitch impulsively chases after him, successfully lassoing the calf, but in turn gets caught in the rapids; seeing this, Phil and Ed race down the bank themselves and, working together, are able to save Mitch and Norman. As the men collapse on the river bank, they all have a long laugh, having at last overcome their respective crises. From there the three easily lead the herd back to the Colorado ranch, where they are warmly received by the other participants. Clay Stone, overwhelmed, rewards the entire group, and the trio in particular, for overcoming such adversity by fully refunding their fees. To their dismay, however, Stone has decided to sell the cows to a meat company for a fine price. Mitch returns to New York a happier man, having realized that his "one thing" is his family. Ed returns home to tell his newlywed wife he is fine with having children, and Phil starts a new relationship with Bonnie. Mitch has spared Norman from the slaughter by purchasing him and bringing the calf home as a pet, at least until he can find a "nice petting zoo".'] ["Passing a stagecoach way station on his journey into town, Pat Brennan agrees to return with some storebought candy for the friendly station manager's young son. At a ranch where he once worked, the cheerful Brennan loses his horse in a wager and is forced to walk home. He gets a welcomed rescue from stagecoach driver Rintoon, hired to transport the newlyweds Willard and Doretta Mims. Doretta is a plain woman, but the daughter of the richest man in the state. It tickles Brennan, who tells Rintoon this is the first time he's ever been on a honeymoon. When they stop at the way station, they are mistaken for the regular stage by three outlaws, Chink, Billy Jack, and their leader, Frank Usher. Having already murdered the station manager and his son, the gang kills Rintoon when he reaches for a shotgun. Terrified of sharing the same fate, Mims suggests to the outlaws that ransoming his wife would be far more profitable than robbing the stage. Frank likes the idea. He makes one mistake, though -- he takes a liking to Brennan. He later tells Brennan that, under different circumstances, they might have been friends. Frank takes the woman and Brennan to a remote hideout while ordering Billy Jack to ride along with Mims and deliver a ransom note to Doretta's father, demanding $50,000. Mims returns, saying his father-in-law has agreed and is rounding up the money. Mims is told he is no longer needed and can leave. A coward, he does not even bother to say goodbye to his new wife, disgusting Frank. As he rides off, Mims is shot down. Brennan knows full well that he and Mrs. Mims can expect the same fate once the ransom is paid. He tells the distraught widow to collect herself and be ready to take any opportunity that presents itself. He then takes her in his arms. She hesitates, then kisses him. She confesses she married Mims because she was getting older and did not want to be alone. Frank leaves Billy Jack and Chink to guard the hostages while he goes off to collect the money. Brennan plants the thought that their ringleader might just ride off with all the money, so Chink leaves the camp to keep an eye on Frank. Brennan suggests to Billy Jack that he take advantage of Mrs. Mims, a lonely woman denied even her wedding night. Billy Jack does indeed try to force himself on Mrs. Mims, whereupon Brennan overpowers him and shoots him dead. Chink hears the shots and turns back. Brennan kills him. Frank then returns with the money, but when Brennan sneaks up behind him, surrenders his gun and the money, gambling that Brennan will not shoot him in the back. He slowly mounts his horse and rides off. However, he turns around and comes back firing, forcing Brennan to kill him. As Brennan and Mrs. Mims begin the long journey back side by side, she timidly puts her arm around his."] ['In 1864, Union army officer Capt. John Hayes is asked to take charge of the Overland stagecoach line, which makes eastbound gold shipments from California that aid the Union\'s war effort. Hayes travels to Overland headquarters in his hometown of Julesburg, Colorado. He meets a Union soldier, Rod Miller, who has lost an arm, and Miller\'s wife, Jeannie. Clay Putnam has quit his position with Overland and is now secretly working for the Confederacy. He has the support of a quick-draw bandit, Mace, and also has married Hayes\' former love, Norma. Mace\'s men pick a fight with the one-armed Miller, calling him "half a man" and raising Jeannie\'s ire. Rod is distraught at his condition, unable to even cock a pistol now. Hayes decides to ask the Millers if they would agree to run the local Overland station out of their farm. Mace wants to kill Hayes, but is talked out of it by Putnam, who fears the Union\'s response. He orders Mace\'s men to destroy Overland\'s stations and property instead and steal its deliveries of gold. Putnam is jealous of Hayes, though, believing Norma is still interested in him. He decides to kill him, but mistakes Rod for Hayes and shoots the wrong man. Mace drives a stagecoach off a cliff, killing passengers, including women and children. A disgusted Norma decides to leave Putnam and warns she will see him hang if anything should happen to Hayes. A final confrontation in town results in townspeople offering Hayes their help. Putnam also comes looking for Mace, but is shot, whereupon Mace is killed by Hayes. Norma hopes to rekindle Hayes\' love for her, but he appears more likely to have a future with Jeannie.'] ["Ernest Albright  opens his eyeglass store in what he thinks is a thriving community, but soon discovers that his store is just a shabby shack in Tombstone, Arizona. The town's Doom Brothers are trouble for everybody including Wyatt Earp , the sheriff. Ernest uses his own special brand of short-sighted shooting to help Wyatt rid the town of its worst citizens and live in peace."] ['Shortly after the American Civil War, preacher Josiah Gray  arrives in the town of Walesburg. He heads straight for the saloon to give his first sermon. When the patrons laugh at him, he pulls out two guns, cowing the men into listening. Josiah settles in and becomes a well-respected member of the community. The people build a church. He marries Harriet  and raises her orphan nephew John .  When the beloved Dr. Harris, Sr.  dies, his place is taken by his son , but the younger, unreligious man is not well-liked and wants to leave Walesburg. He falls in love with the schoolteacher, Faith Samuels . She is reluctant to marry him, as he insists on moving away. John comes down with typhoid. Dr. Harris, Jr. warns Josiah to stay away from other people to avoid spreading the disease, but Josiah ignores him and soon, others are stricken, including Faith. When Harris blames him, the preacher\'s faith is shaken; he closes the church and withdraws from the community. Fortunately, John recovers and figures out the cause was tainted well water. Meanwhile, Harris\'s tireless work on behalf of his patients forges a bond between him and Walesburg. When it seems that Faith is dying, Harris summons the preacher. Josiah\'s prayers are answered; Faith recovers, and the man of science and the man of faith are reconciled.  Josiah is tested again. Leading businessman Lon Backett  wants to buy the land of freed slave Uncle Famous Prill . He needs the mica deposit to keep his mine in operation, but Uncle Famous refuses to sell. The out-of-work miners trample the old man\'s crops and scatter his livestock, then when he stubbornly holds out, give him an ultimatum: get out or else. Josiah declines the armed assistance of his old war buddy, Jed Isbell , and his sons , and waits with Uncle Famous for the lynch mob to show up in their Ku Klux Klan costumes. Josiah offers no resistance, but asks the lynch mob to first listen to him read them Uncle Famous\'s will. With each item, he slyly reminds the beneficiary of the old man\'s past kindness to that individual. Shamed, the mob disperses, Lon Backett leading the way. Afterwards, John picks up the pages Josiah had read and, seeing nothing written on them, says it\'s not a will. Josiah replies, "It\'s the will of God."'] ['The film begins with a U.S. Army fort destroyed and burned as an U.S. Army Cavalry patrol combs the ruins for survivors, but everyone is dead. The commander of the cavalry patrol is dictating a report to his clerk in the office of the fort\'s commander. Held prisoner in the former commander\'s office is the Arapahoe war chief, Hanu, who led the raid. He will say very little. And all the searchers can find is a single grave and a Colt pistol left behind by a gunman Hanu remembers as a "quiet, lonely man..." After finding the Arapahoes starving, a wandering gunman named Chuka  gives them the last of his food. "For the Children", he says. His gift impresses Hanu. Later, Chuka encounters a stagecoach with Mexican passengers Senora Veronica Kleitz  and her niece Senorita Helena Chavez . The Arapahoes arrive, led by Hanu. Everyone is prepared for death, but Hanu recognizes Chuka and simply rides on. Later, Chuka finds himself stranded in an isolated U.S. Army fort with the coach and passengers. The fort\'s second-in-comomand. Major Benson, asks the stage driver about the "saddle tramp" hanging around the stable and is told not to let him hear Benson calling him that, warning him: "That, Major, is a hired gun. He\'s called Chuka and he is fast. Awful fast." The fort\'s commander, Colonel Stuart Valois , is worried that the Arapahoes may have ambushed his overdue patrol and refuses to allow the civilians to leave. He sends out his scout Lou Trent  to reconnoiter, but his horse returns without him. Meanwhile, it is revealed that nearly everyone in the fort has a past they would rather forget. Before he became a hired gunman, Chuka was in love with Kleitz, but because he was only a lowly hired hand on her wealthy father\'s ranch, he was beaten and run off and she dutifully married a man selected by her father from their own social class. The soldiers are the dregs of the army. Valois was cashiered from the British Army for suspected cowardice for being drunk when his command was attacked. His second in command, Major Benson  is a card cheat, while Lieutenant Daly was acquitted of the charge of treason. Only Sergeant Otto Hansbach  is a first-rate soldier; he had served with then British Captain Valois in the Sudan and owes his life to Valois. Hansbach tells Chuka that when Hansbach was a young soldier under Valois\'s command in the Sudan he blundered and was captured by the enemy. Valois\'s and his unit raided the enemy camp and rescued Hansbach from horrible torture and certain death. But Valois himself is captured by the enemy during this raid and is left behind when his unit is forced to withdraw during the enemy\'s counter-attack. Valois is horribly tortured by the enemy and it is implied that they castrated him during the torturing. Valois\'s unit eventually rescues him but he is scarred physically and psychologically by the events. Hansbach tells Chuka because of this he will always serve under Valois\'s command and never question his courage. Chuka tries to renew the relationship with Kleitz, now a widow, but she tells him it is too late. He offers to take the two women to safety, but by the time Kleitz asks him to save her niece, the fort is under siege. Chuka agrees  to sneak out and scout the enemy for Valois; in the process, he rescues Trent. Chuka then pleads with Valois to abandon the fort, since Hanu , the Arapahoe leader, only wants the food supplies in the fort, but Valois is determined to find out if he really is a coward or not, even though he is hopelessly outnumbered. He has to put down an attempted mutiny, killing the ringleader Spivey ([[Michael Cole . That night, as they wait for the impending attack, Senora Kleitz goes to Chuka, and they make love. The next day, the Indians attack. Senora Kleitz is killed early on, as is Valois; with his last words, the colonel mourns the fact that he was struck down too soon, never to learn if he was a coward. With nearly everyone else dead and himself seriously wounded, Chuka hides with Helena Chavez. The victorious Arapahoes take the supplies and leave. As they pass, Chuka has his pistol at Helena\'s head. ready to kill her to keep her from the Indians. But Hanu again recognizes him and rides on, letting them both live. The debt he owes this man is now paid in full. We return to the present where the commander of the cavalry relief column is finishing his report. He speaks about the grave and the gun and that he will not disturb the grave. Of Chuka - and Helena - there is no sign, but the inference is that the gunman has put away his past and taken Helena away, paying his debt to Kleitz.'] ['Mattie Ross  explains that her father was murdered by one of his hired hands, Tom Chaney , when she was 14 years old. While collecting her father\'s body, Mattie queries the local sheriff about the search for Chaney. After being told that Chaney has fled into Indian Territory where the sheriff has no authority, she inquires about hiring a Deputy U.S. Marshal. The sheriff gives three recommendations, and Mattie chooses to hire Rooster Cogburn  whom the sheriff had described as being the "meanest." The taciturn, one-eyed Cogburn rebuffs her offer, not believing she has the reward money to hire him. She raises the money by aggressively horse-trading with Colonel Stonehill , who did business with her father. Meanwhile, Texas Ranger LaBoeuf  arrives on the trail of Chaney for the murder of a Texas state senator. LaBoeuf proposes to team up with Cogburn, who knows the Choctaw terrain where Chaney is hiding, but Mattie refuses his offer because she wishes Chaney to be hanged in Arkansas for her father\'s murder, not in Texas for killing the senator. Mattie also insists on traveling with Cogburn to search for Chaney. But Cogburn later leaves without her, having gone with LeBoeuf to apprehend Chaney. After being refused passage on the ferry that conveyed Cogburn and LaBoeuf, Mattie crosses the river on horseback. LaBoeuf expresses his displeasure by birching Mattie with a switch rod, but Cogburn eventually stops him. After a dispute over their respective service with the Confederate States of America&mdash;Cogburn served with Quantrill\'s Raiders and LaBoeuf with Edmund Kirby Smith&mdash;Cogburn ends their arrangement and LaBoeuf leaves. Later, while pursuing the "Lucky" Ned Pepper  gang that Chaney is supposedly traveling with, the two meet a trail doctor who directs them to an empty dugout for shelter. There they find two outlaws, Quincey  and Moon . As Moon is interrogated by Cogburn, Moon is fatally stabbed by Quincey, whom Cogburn then shoots dead. Before dying, Moon says Pepper and his gang will be returning later that night. Just before the Pepper gang arrives, LaBoeuf arrives at the dugout and is taken hostage. Cogburn, hiding on the hillside with Mattie, shoots and kills two gang members, but Pepper escapes. The next day, Cogburn gets in a drunken argument with LaBoeuf, who departs once again. While getting water from a nearby stream, Mattie encounters Chaney. She shoots him, but he survives and drags her back to Ned, who forces Cogburn to leave by threatening to kill her. Being short a horse, Ned leaves Mattie with Chaney, ordering him not to harm her or he will not get paid after his remount arrives. Once alone, Chaney disobeys Ned and tries to kill Mattie. LaBoeuf appears and knocks Chaney out, explaining that he rode back when he heard the shots, and he and Cogburn devised a plan. They watch from a cliff as Cogburn takes on the remaining members of Ned\'s gang, killing two and wounding Ned, before his horse is struck and falls, trapping Cogburn\'s leg. Before Pepper can kill Cogburn, LaBoeuf shoots and kills Pepper from roughly four hundred yards away. Chaney comes to and attacks LaBoeuf, knocking him out. Mattie seizes LaBoeuf\'s rifle and shoots Chaney dead in the chest. The recoil, however, knocks her into a deep pit containing rattlesnakes. Cogburn arrives, but Mattie is bitten before he can get to her. Cogburn rides day and night to get Mattie to a doctor, carrying her on foot after her horse collapses from exhaustion, finally making his way to a trading post. Twenty-five years later, Mattie  — now 40 and with only one arm, the result of an amputation necessitated by gangrene from the snakebite — receives a note from Cogburn inviting her to meet him at a traveling Wild West show that he now performs in. She arrives, only to learn that Cogburn died three days earlier. She has his body moved to her family cemetery. Standing over Cogburn\'s grave, she reflects on her decision to move his remains, about never having married, and how time catches up with everyone.'] ["Singing cowboy Gene Autry  is out of work and looking for a job. After pawning his guitar, he meets former rodeo sharpshooter Angie Burke , who works for wealthy ranch owner Estrellita Estrada . Angie suggests that Gene ride across the border to El Sombrero Grande, Estrellita's ranch. Gene learns that the ranch is managed by James Garland ([[Stephen Dunne , an acquaintance from their days with Monahan's Wild West Show. Gene heads south into Mexico. As Gene approaches the ranch, he comes across a fight between Garland and the rancheros, who rent part of the land. Garland is in the process of forcing them off the property. Gene stops Garland from shooting the unarmed men. Garland offers Gene the job of ranch foreman and tells him that he plans to marry Estrellita. On the way back to the ranch, Gene offers a ride to Don Luis Alvarado ([[William Edmunds , Estrellita's godfather. Don Luis has been hired to replace Felipe Gonzales , who has worked on the ranch all his life. Gene does not want to displace Felipe, but he decides to accept the job in order to help the rancheros, who are led by Juan Vazcaro. Gene hires Felipe as his translator. Gene travels back to the United States planning to bring Estrellita back to her ranch in Mexico. Angie, who has been accompanying Estrellita in America, opposes Gene's plan, but Gene and Don Luis are able to kidnap Estrellita and drive her back to El Sombrero Grande. Meanwhile, Garland plots to sell the ranch to Ben McBride . McBride pressures Garland to get rid of the rancheros before they can sell their cattle and pay their back rent. When gene learns of the plot, he secretly organizes a cattle drive with the rancheros. As Gene and Juan ride to a meeting of the rancheros, they are shot at by one of Garland's men. Gene and Juan capture him and then learn that the other rancheros are under attack. Although the rancheros are able to fight off Garland's men, a young boy named Tico accidentally reveals to Garland the plans for Gene's cattle drive. Meanwhile, Gene encourages Estrellita to take an interest in her ranch, but she is still eager to return to the United States. After the rancheros leave on the cattle drive, Garland and McBride ambush them at a mountain pass. During the gunfight, the young boy Tico is killed. The rancheros bring the boy's body back to the ranch. Garland professes his innocence, but Estrellita now knows his real intentions and orders him to leave the country. She then asks Gene to help her learn to care for the ranch. Sometime later, after Estrellita absolves the rancheros' debts, Gene leaves Mexico, but promises to return."] ['A pregnant Dr. Annie Watson  is going to stay with her best friend, Dr. Belinda Owens ([[Sarah Jones  while her husband Peter is off on a surveying job.'] ['The story is set in the American Old West of the 1880s. Miss Flower Belle Lee  is a singer from Chicago who is on her way to visit relatives out west. While she is traveling on a stagecoach with three men and a woman named Mrs. Gideon , the town gossip and busybody, a masked bandit on horseback holds up the stage for its shipment of gold and orders the passengers to step out. The masked bandit immediately takes an interest in the saucy blonde. As he makes his getaway with the gold, he takes her with him. Upon reaching the town of Little Bend, the others report the robbery and kidnapping to the sheriff . Flower Belle then walks into town, unharmed, and explains, "I was in a tight spot but I managed to wriggle out of it." Later that evening, at the home of her Aunt Lou  and Uncle John , the masked bandit enters Flower Belle\'s second floor bedroom and they start kissing. However, his presence and departure is witnessed by Mrs. Gideon. She quickly reports what she has seen and Flower Belle angrily finds herself hauled up before the judge . Flower Belle is then run out of Little Bend. She boards a train to Greasewood City. It makes an unscheduled stop to pick up con-man Cuthbert J. Twillie . When hostile Indians attack, Flower Belle saunters to a window and mows them down with two pistols, while Twillie dodges flying arrows and fights off the Indians with a child\'s slingshot. Flower Belle has little use for Twillie until she sees a stash of money in his bag. Believing him to be rich, she then plays up to him and they get acquainted. They have an impromptu wedding, officiated over by a passenger, Amos Budge , a gambler who looks like a minister. As she has only pretended to marry Twillie for "respectability", Flower Belle gets a separate hotel room in Greasewood City. Meanwhile, Twillie is made sheriff by the saloon owner and town boss Jeff Badger , who has an ulterior motive. Flower Belle attracts the attention of Badger, newspaper editor Wayne Carter , and every other man in town. While keeping her troublesome "husband" out of reach and out of trouble, Flower Belle encounters the masked bandit again. One night, Twillie enters Flower Belle\'s room disguised as the masked bandit. He is accused of being the masked bandit, and is about to be hanged. With the noose around his neck, he makes his last request to the lynching party. "I\'d like to see Paris before I die. Philadelphia will do!" However, Flower Belle saves Twillie. At one point, she and Badger had kissed, and from that, she recognizes that he is the masked bandit. When Flower Belle and Twillie say good-bye, West and Fields spoof each other\'s signature line. "Come up and see me sometime", he says. "Mmm, I will, my little chickadee", she replies. As Flower Belle sashays up the stairs, "The End" is playfully overlaid on her posterior.'] ["A young heiress to a cattle station, Kim Marsden, becomes convinced her father was murdered. She sends for a bushman called the Sundowner and his aboriginal offsider, Dancer. They discover that the person behind the murder is Kim's neighbor, Stapleton, who is in league with some cattle rustlers and is romantically interested in Kim. The rustlers kidnap Sundowner but he uses telepathy to get Dancer to come to his rescue. Kim is united with her true love, McLeod.Mayer, Geoff. The Phantom Stockman: Lee Robinson, Chips Rafferty and the Film Industry that Nobody Wanted. Metro Magazine: Media & Education Magazine, No. 142, Autumn 2005: 16-20."] ['The film revolves around "Bronco Billy\'s Wild West Show", a run-down traveling circus, the star of which is Bronco Billy McCoy , the "fastest gun in the West." For the show\'s finale, a blindfolded Bronco Billy shoots balloons around a female assistant on a revolving wooden disc, and for the last balloon, he throws a knife. However, the assistant\'s leg is nicked, so she quits. The show is not making any money, and nobody has been paid for months. The show moves on to a new town and Bronco Billy goes to city hall to get a permit. While there, he bumps into Antoinette Lily  and John Arlington ([[Geoffrey Lewis , who are there to be married. Antoinette despises her future husband, but has to marry before she is thirty in order to inherit a large fortune. Afterwards, their car breaks down at the motel opposite the Wild West Show. The next morning, Arlington steals all her money and their repaired car. She is left to fend for herself. Bronco Billy eventually talks Antoinette into becoming his new assistant, "Miss Lily", though she only agrees to do one show. The show of her first performance is unusually successful, although Miss Lily irritates Billy by not sticking to the script. Leaving the show, Antoinette discovers that Arlington has been arrested for her murder . Seizing the chance to get even with Arlington, Antoinette rejoins the Wild West Show. She discovers that none of the performers are real cowboys: they are mostly ex-convicts or alcoholics . Bronco Billy was a shoe salesman who shot his wife for sleeping with his best friend. Nevertheless, Miss Lily begins to warm to the troupe. Two of the show\'s performers announce that they are going to have a baby. The crew goes to a bar to celebrate. One of them gets himself arrested by police who discover that he is a deserter from the Army. Bronco Billy uses the show\'s meager savings to bribe the sheriff into letting the man go, swallowing his pride and enduring the sheriff\'s verbal humiliations for his friend\'s sake. Then the circus tent burns down. Everyone blames Miss Lily for their bad luck, but Bronco Billy defends her and proposes that they rob a train. They try to do this in the standard Western way , but a modern train proves to be resistant to such an approach and they give up. Next, the troupe travels to a mental institution at which they have previously performed pro bono. The head of the institution, who is obsessed with the Wild West, agrees to provide them with accommodation and to supply a new tent, and the inmates sew one out of American flags. Miss Lily and Bronco Billy spend the night together. By chance, one of the inmates turns out to be Arlington . When he sees her, he raises a fuss and gets himself released. Bronco Billy and the show depart without Miss Lily. Antoinette returns to a luxurious lifestyle, but she is bored and misses Billy, who drowns his loneliness with alcohol. The two reunite when Miss Lily returns to the circus.'] ['The year is 1865, and the American Civil War has just ended. Former slave Nate Washington and his boyhood friend, Confederate Colonel Ben Loftin head west together from the South which lies in ruins. On the Western Plains, they encounter a band of Chippewa Indians who will forever change their lives. Along the way, they must deal with a renegade band of Union Cavalry with a score to settle.'] ['The cartoon opens in 1849, with narration by Robert C. Bruce, over a spurious map showing a sliver of land on the Eastern Seaboard labeled "USA", with all land to its west labeled "INJUN JOE\'S TERRITORY". Porky Pig is leading a wagon train to California and he must keep an eye out for the Herculean Native American "Super Chief", Injun Joe. The name is a play on the famous Santa Fe train run of the same name , and reinforced by each character spouting smoke and crying "Woo-woo!" like a steam locomotive, each time they say Injun Joe\'s name. Porky and Injun Joe are repeatedly interrupted by a goofy bearded hillbilly named Sloppy Moe , who keeps repeating, "I know something I won\'t tell, I won\'t tell, I won\'t tell!" to the tune of London Bridge is Falling Down. This goes on until Injun Joe corners Porky with tomahawk in hand, and Sloppy Moe sings his refrain once more. Injun Joe grabs him and demands, "What you know, Huh???", and Sloppy reveals his secret at last, "Injun... Joe... is... ticklish!", and proceeds to prove that by tickling the chief with his hands and beard. The Native American goes into a raucous laughing fit. Distracted, he backs off a cliff and falls deep into the ground, pulling the surface down with him, and causing the map seen at the beginning of the cartoon to stretch the "USA" sliver across to the west coast, so that it now reads "UNITED STATES of AMERICA" from west to east. The cartoon closes with the narrator returning to lionize the cartoon\'s heroes, Porky and Sloppy Moe, and irises-out with Moe tickling the giggling Porky.'] ["In the contemporary era , two Cuban tourists make a stop at the provincial town of Perales . They are curious when they see two small memorials surrounded by rocks on the corner of a street. Meanwhile, two elderly veterans of the Mexican Revolution, Chelelo  and Cornelio , come out to receive them. They explain to the tourists about the memorials and to whom are they in memory of. Chelelo then recounts the story of two revolutionary friends, Sub-lieutenant Valente Quintero  and Major Atanacio Pizarro , who are fighting a battle in one of Perales' residential streets. Valente is shot in front of the late General Gumercindo Carrillo's home where his widow doña Elvira Peña, daughter Leonor, and housemaid Carmen currently reside. Leonor witnesses Valente's casualty and is decided to go out and help him, against doña Elvira's will. Leonor then explains to her mother that she is returning a favor that could have been done to her father who died while bleeding helplessly in a forest. After, Leonor runs across the street to get the never-sober Doctor Plácido. Then Elvira, Carmen, and Leonor take a hand to bring Valente into the house. Valente stays ill in bed for several days, when his friend Atanacio later receives word about his survival. Atanacio is captivated by the elegant, sophisticated Leonor and admires the conservative sharp-tongued matron Elvira. Antonio and Leonor also start a romantic relationship, which leads them to marriage. Atanacio, who is now a rich, alcoholic landowner duels Antonio for the love of Leonor on the night of his honeymoon. The conflict ends in both Valente and Atanacio being killed by one another."] ['Three outlaws rob a bank, but one of them is wounded. His two partners kidnap his girlfriend take his share of the money and run off, leaving him to be captured by the sheriff. Years later, after he gets out of prison, he goes in search of his double-crossing partners and his girlfriend. He finds them in a semi-deserted, run-down town, but instead of killing them right away, he decides to play cat-and-mouse with them first.'] ["An aging cowboy, Ross Bodine, and a younger one, Frank Post, work on cattleman Walt Buckman's ranch in Montana. A neighboring sheepman, Hansen, is in a long-running feud with Buckman. Ross has a dream of riding off to Mexico to retire from the hard work of the range, but he doesn't have much money saved up. Frank suggests they rob a bank and head for Mexico together. While Ross thinks this over, he and Frank brawl with Hansen's men at a saloon. Buckman intends to withhold their pay to make restitution for the saloon's damages. Desperate for money now, Ross agrees to the holdup. He takes banker Billings to town at gunpoint while Frank holds the banker's wife, Sada, hostage at home. Ross rides back with $36,000. Before making a getaway, he gives Billings $3,000 so that Buckman's other cowboys won't lose any pay they have coming. Sada tells her husband to keep the money and not inform the sheriff. A posse is formed that includes Buckman's two sons, hot-tempered John and easy-going Paul, told by their father that no cowhand of his is going to get away with breaking the law. Ross and Frank get as far as Arizona and go into town for supplies. Ross hires a prostitute while Frank plays poker. A card player dislikes Frank's gloating and shoots him in the leg. Ross comes to his partner's aid and a shootout commences. Back home, Buckman and Hansen have a run-in that results in both their deaths. John and Paul hear about their father's fate from a Tucson sheriff and decide to fulfill his last request, catching the bank robbers. Refusing to see a doctor, Frank's leg injury grows much worse. Ross has to pull him behind a horse on a stretcher. Frank dies from the wound just before John and Paul ambush them on the trail, where Ross is gunned down."] ["After his wife dies, Sam Crockett honors her last wish by moving back to their native Texas with their two sons and Grandpa Firth. They have a farm there that is in serious disrepair. Neighbor and old acquaintance Rod Murray has become owner of a large ranch by marrying Averill Marshall. He hates poachers and resents Grandpa hunting deer on his land. He also is unhappy that Averill's sister Ann, engaged to a doctor, is developing a romantic interest in Sam. Sam needs money and does some fencing work for Rod, who is slow to pay him, leading to a fight. Grandpa suffers a stroke and Ann helps nurse him back to health. She knows that Sam still loves his late wife, but persuades him that they can begin a life of their own."] ['The film starts off with Left Eye Watkins  and his gang attempting to bully Sheriff Shoeshine Michel  into giving them gold and women. A female member of the gang is extremely enthusiastic about the women and sets out to rape a can-can girl in the middle of town. While resisting, the can-can cuts the female gang member who in turns shoots her in the middle of the road. The can-can girl happens to be the sister of Rachel , the protagonist. Rachel, a religious, reformed bad girl, rounds up her former gang members to seek revenge. They are followed by a blacked haired lady  who is also seeking revenge upon them.'] ['In 1860 Buffalo Bill and Wild Bill Hickok join forces to establish a mail route from St. Joseph, Missouri, to Sacramento, California. On the way they battle the weather, hostile Indians and California secessionists intent on shutting the operation down to encourage California to secede from the Union.'] ["Tom Horn's life is covered from his early days as an army scout, to his time as a Pinkerton agent, concluding with the events surrounding his death by hanging in 1903."] ['In colonial America, David Harvey , a recent widower living in the wilderness, decides that his young boy Davey ([[Gary Gray  needs a woman around to help raise him. He goes to the nearest settlement and consults Parson Jackson . David gets talked into buying the contract of an indentured servant named Rachel  and marrying her. Their marriage, however, is in name alone. Rachel serves more as a servant than a wife and Davey resents what he sees as an attempt to replace his dead mother Susan. Jim Fairways , a family friend , visits and falls in love with Rachel. When he offers to buy her, David must fight to keep her and discovers his love in the process.'] ['Liberty Horton, an American heiress, is kidnapped by a Mexican rebel and ransomed to fund his rebellion.'] ['When Tex Granger rides into Three Buttes, Helen Kent persuades him to buy the local newspaper. However, loan shark Rance Carson appoints the bandit Blaze Talbot as town marshal to act as his enforcer and soon the town is in chaos. With fighting between rival gangs, Tex dons a mask to become The Midnight Rider and bring the criminals to justice.'] ['Zander  is a boy searching for his missing father. Mamie  takes him out West, where a substitute father is found in a bootlegger who rescues them from bandits.'] ["In 1840, U.S. Army General Zachary Taylor sends out Lieutenant Tufts and scout Monk to a remote Florida island home where the reclusive Captain Quincy Watts lives with a 5-year-old son. The soldiers' mission is to rescue men and women taken prisoner by Seminole warriors. One of them, Judy Beckett, develops a romantic attraction to Capt. Watts as they flee the Indians into the Everglades. Most of the other Army troops are massacred after Watts and Tufts separate from them to construct canoes. Back at his home, Watts is distraught to find that his son is gone. He has an underwater fight to the death with Seminole chief Ocala, then is relieved to learn that his boy is safe."] ['A year after the events of the first film, Mitch Robbins  is a much happier and livelier man, having moved out of the city and become station manager at the radio station he works at. One night, however, Mitch has a nightmare about his deceased friend, Curly , coming back to life, and apparently sees him numerous times in the distance. Furthermore, Mitch finds an old map with a missing corner inside Curly\'s hat leading to a long-lost gold bullion. With help from his best friend, Phil Berquist  and his somewhat-estranged younger brother, Glen , Mitch eventually discovers that Curly\'s father, Lincoln Washburn, stole the gold from the Western Pacific Railroad back in 1908, and hid it in the canyons of Spencer so that one day his son would find it and secure his future. With an impending trip to Las Vegas for a convention, Mitch decides to use the opportunity to go to Spencer, which is near, to try and find the gold. With Phil and Glen joining him, they buy supplies from two local cowboys, Bud and Matt, and set off on their journey. Mishaps ensue, such as Glen accidentally setting the map on fire and Phil sitting on a cactus and believing that he was bitten by a rattlesnake, but they press on, following the map\'s trail. However, during lunch, they are confronted by Bud and Matt, who Phil had recklessly told about the gold and Curly\'s father and who now want the map for themselves. Though Mitch gives them a decoy map, Bud and Matt prepare to kill them when they are rescued by a man who fights them off. The man\'s face is identical to Curly\'s, but he introduces himself as Duke , Curly\'s twin brother. Duke explains that long ago, when he and Curly were children, their father robbed the Western Pacific Railroad and promised them that one day they would all recover the gold themselves, but Lincoln got arrested. Before going to prison, however, he made a map for his sons to follow one day, and recently, their mother sent the map to Curly before she died. Curly contacted Duke to return, keeping the map in his hat until then, but he died on the cattle drive, and Curly\'s friend Cookie, the cook from the cattle drive, told Duke that Mitch had Curly\'s clothes, which was why Duke travelled to New York to find him. Though Duke prepares to leave them to search for the gold himself, Mitch persuades him to allow them to continue together, since Curly would not have approved otherwise, and Duke relents. Later on, however, Mitch starts a stampede which results in the map, the food and most of the goods getting lost. Though initially prepared to return home, Glen insists that he remembers the rest of the way, and despite the hardships of pressing on during the night, they eventually find the cave where the gold is hidden. But just as they find the gold itself, two robbers, apparently Bud and Matt again, confront them and a fight ensues in which Glen is shot. Duke discovers the bullets to be paint-filled pellets just as they are confronted by Clay Stone , the coordinator of the cattle drive, along with several of their old friends. To their dismay, Clay Stone reveals that the gold they have found is actually lead which has been painted gold, and that the two robbers are actually his sons who were only pretending to be robbers in order to "scare" potential hunters. Though Mitch, Phil and Glen return to Las Vegas, empty-handed but satisfied with their adventure, Duke remains in Spencer, convinced that there is real gold out there somewhere. Duke later visits Mitch in his hotel room in Las Vegas, and confesses to him that he was planning to cheat him and his friends out of the real gold once they had found it, but he could not bring himself to do so. Throughout Mitch\'s skepticism, Duke reveals that while Curly had the map, he had the missing corner, which is the location of the real gold, and presents Mitch with a genuine bar of gold as a gift.'] ['Easygoing cowboy Dempsey Rae  and his impressionable young friend Jeff Jimson ([[William Campbell  wander into town and are hired to work for an absentee rancher named Reed Bowman. When Bowman finally shows up, Dempsey is surprised to find that he has been working for a very attractive woman , one who has very ambitious plans. These lead to conflict with her neighbors.'] ["Will Kane , the longtime marshal of Hadleyville, New Mexico Territory, has just married pacifist Quaker Amy Fowler  and turned in his badge. He intends to become a storekeeper elsewhere. Suddenly, the town learns that Frank Miller ([[Ian MacDonald &mdash;a criminal Kane brought to justice&mdash;is due to arrive on the noon train. Miller had been sentenced to hang but was pardoned on an unspecified legal technicality. In court, he had vowed to get revenge on Kane and anyone else who got in the way. Miller's three gang members (his younger brother Ben , Jack Colby  wait for him at the station. Kane and his wife leave town, but fearing that the gang will hunt him down and be a danger to the townspeople, Kane turns back. He reclaims his badge and scours the town for help, even interrupting Sunday church services, with little success. His deputy, Harvey Pell , resigns because Kane did not recommend him as the new marshal. Kane goes to warn Helen Ramírez , first Frank Miller’s lover, then Kane's, and now Harvey's. Aware of what Miller will do to her if he finds her, she quickly sells her business and prepares to leave town. Amy gives her husband an ultimatum: she is leaving on the noon train, with or without him. The worried townspeople encourage Kane to leave, hoping that would defuse the situation. Even Kane's good friends the Fullers are at odds about how to deal with the situation. Mildrid Fuller  wants her husband  to speak with Kane when he comes to their home, but he makes her claim he is not home. In the end, Kane faces the Miller Gang alone. Kane guns down two of the gang, though he himself is wounded in the process. Helen Ramírez and Amy both board the train , but Amy gets off when she hears the sound of gunfire. Amy chooses her husband's life over her religious beliefs, shooting Pierce from behind. Frank then takes her hostage to force Kane into the open. However, Amy suddenly attacks Frank, giving Kane a clear shot, and Kane shoots Frank Miller dead. As the townspeople emerge, Kane contemptuously throws his marshal's star in the dirt and leaves town with his wife."] ["Presley plays Clint Reno, the youngest of the four Reno brothers who stays home to take care of his mother and the family farm as older brothers Vance, Brett and Ray fight in the American Civil War for the Confederate Army. The family is mistakenly informed that eldest brother Vance has been killed on the battlefield. After four years of war, the brothers return home and find that Vance's girlfriend Cathy has married Clint. Although Vance accepts this wholeheartedly , the family has to struggle to reach stability with this issue. The subplot of unresolved passion carries the film; it is clear from the outset upon the Reno brothers return home that Cathy still loves Vance, although she is true to the younger Clint. Honor prevails for Vance, but jealousy turns Clint into an irrationally thinking rival for the love of the heroine. In the film's opening scenes, the main plot is presented; the three Reno brothers, serving as Confederate cavalrymen, attack a Union train carrying Federal payroll of $12,000. They do not know that the war ended only a day before. The Confederates come to a decision to keep the money as spoils of war, an issue that will come back into the plot after the Reno brothers return home. A conflict of interest ensues when Vance tries to return the money against the wishes of some of his fellow Confederates, all of whom are being sought by the U.S. Government for robbery. The film reaches its tragic conclusion with a gunfight between Clint and Vance, ironically ending with Clint's death during a final shootout. In the end, the money is returned, the Reno brothers are acquitted, and the other three ex-Confederates are arrested for Clint's death. The youngest Reno brother is laid to rest at the family farm."] ["Corset company owner and independent-thinking suffragette Rose Gillray has her wagon struck by a new-fangled horseless carriage in 1897 New York. This so-called automobile is the proud new possession of Charlie Masters, who tells her it's the transportation means of the future. At work, Rose is helping singer Molly Wade into a boldly designed new corset when she gets the idea of that being Molly's costume on stage. The show is raided by police. Rose owes money to Jim Carter, whose steel business manufactures the metal used for a corset's stays. Jim takes a shine to Rose and offers her a chance to sell his surplus of barbed wire, which is going out of fashion out west because it's gaining a reputation as life-threatening to livestock. Ending up in Kansas City, accompanied by Molly and followed by Charlie, a cattlemen's association convention seems a good place to try to sell her goods. But cattle rancher Joel Kingdon gives her the runaround, attracted to her personally but warning her against peddling wire. She tries his home state of Texas next, but once again, Joel interferes, putting the women out of business temporarily and knocking Charlie cold. Joel and Jim both end up in love with Rose and proposing marriage, but she rejects both. Charlie, though, comes along offering a ride to California, where he's got another new notion that he wants to explore: machines that fly."] ["A trio of outlaws, Andres Daniel Padilla, Pedro Saenz and Jose Rafael Limon, rob a stage. But when a young lady, Rannie Carter, is menaced by rich and ruthless Charley Calico after her father is killed, the robbers come to her rescue. They run him off, then pay old Pop Lint to watch over her at his ranch. Loren ends up separated from his partners but continues his life of crime. Jim and Wahoo inadvertently aid some Texas Rangers lawmen and are sworn in as Rangers themselves. Loren sees an opportunity, steals a herd of cattle the Rangers are guarding, then lets Jim and Wahoo enhance their reputation by being the ones who bring the cattle back. Loren's friends turn a blind eye to his activities for a while. Calico is a worse villain, burning Pop's barn and causing the old man to have a fatal heart attack. Calico assaults a Ranger as well, and is ultimately killed by Jim. But it doesn't end there. Loren now wants Calico's empire for himself. He also wants Rannie, who has grown to be a beautiful woman. Jim, who loves her, calls off his understanding to look the other way at Loren's misdeeds. But he does remove a bullet when a wounded Loren hides out at Rannie's after a holdup. Jim resigns as a lawman, then vows revenge after Wahoo is gunned down. Now that Rannie can see Loren for what he really is, she wishes Jim luck as he rides to Laredo for a showdown. The former partners face each other for the last time, then Loren is killed."] ['Canaan, a mysterious gunfighter left nearly blind from Civil War combat, roams through Mexico with a baby he has sworn to protect. On his way to a town where a family will supposedly adopt the baby, Canaan passes through a border town where U.S. Cavalry officers assigned to deliver a shipment of silver are under attack from bandits. With some reluctance, Canaan steps in to help the soldiers.'] ['The Jack Bull is about a normal Horse trader Myrl Redding  who cherishes the law and his rights. He lives a normal life with his son, Cage , his wife Cora  and his good friends. However he clashed one day with Land Baron Henry Ballard  over Wyoming\'s bid for statehood. If Wyoming remains a territory Henry Ballard can continue to buy more land and eventually evict its residents, however if Wyoming becomes a state then his rights to the land will be restricted. After further conflict with Ballard, Redding attempts to take his horses to a horse market in Casper. However he encounters Ballard, who has built a tollgate that blocks the road to Casper, charging a fee for passage. Redding realizes going around would take too long to get the horses to market on time, with the market closed before he could arrive. Ballard tells Redding that he will allow Redding to cross with a fee of ten dollars. Redding gives him five and leaves two black stallions as collateral for the other five. He also leaves his Indian friend and worker Billy to make sure the horses are not mistreated. Redding arrives at Casper on time and sells his horses, with the exception of the two he left behind and makes his way back to his home. He stops for his horses and finds Billy is missing and his horses are starved, diseased, beaten, and near death. He beats one of Ballard\'s henchmen and demands that his horses be returned healthy and fed. Ballard says he\'ll never do it and Redding leaves, saying he has two weeks to comply with his demands. Ballard ignores him and returns to his normal life. Redding returns home and finds Billy beaten and bitten. Billy describes how one of Ballard\'s henchmen had the two horses chained to a wagon of logs and was beating them when they rested even though they had been working for hours. Billy attempted to stop him but he was attacked by two other henchmen who then set the dogs on him. He said he was forced to flee and would\'ve been killed if he had returned. Redding agrees with Billy and sympathizes with him, telling him it was not his fault for what happened to the horses. He departs that day for the local town and approaches the local lawyer and asks for legal help. The lawyer tells Redding he will probably not win because it is an Indian\'s word against a wealthy white man\'s. Redding says to do it anyway and leaves after paying ten dollars in lawyer fees. A week passes and nothing happens, and Redding tells his lawyer to speed up the case. The lawyer intercepts Judge Wilkins, the local judge, on the way to the barber and pleads for a chance to make their case. Wilkins, who has a financial interest in Ballard\'s business, tells them that he is throwing the case out and advises the lawyer to choose his clients more carefully, stating "You\'re shoveling shit out of the mountain." The lawyer informs Redding about Judge Wilkins decision and after his wife finds out she tells Redding that she is good friends with the District Attorney\'s wife, and she departs for Casper to plead their case before the D.A. She and Woody, Redding\'s trusted friend, depart for Casper and he drops her off in front of the D.A.\'s office. When she arrives at the office she is informed she needs an appointment and she reluctantly leaves after leaving her name. However unknown to her two of Ballard\'s henchmen had beaten Woody and thrown him into a carriage, knocking the driver off. The wild carriage runs her over as she is crossing the street, making her death a very unfortunate coincidence caused by Ballard\'s men. Woody gives the documented complaint against Ballard directly to the D.A., who emerges to see what has happened. Woody then drives Cora\'s body back to Myrl\'s household where they bury her. To make matters worst Redding\'s lawyer returns with news that the D.A. has sent the case back to Judge Wilkins, who has once again thrown the case out. Redding, distraught with the loss of his wife and realizing that the justice system will do nothing to stop Ballard, takes justice into his own hands and rallies the local farmers against Ballard. Although some have doubts he talks them into joining him with the offer that he will pay each man who joins him fifteen dollars a month. Redding and his new militia of farmers ride towards Ballard\'s house where they route Ballard\'s men and Ballard himself flees for his life for Casper. Redding burns down Ballard\'s stable and leaves for the local town, looking for Ballard. After questioning a local farmer who refuses to tell them Ballard\'s location, he burns down the farmer\'s barn and leaves the barn smoldering. They then ride to a local Amish community and threaten to burn down the houses if they hide Ballard or refuse to give them the location. After the Amish people tell him they don\'t even know Ballard, he asks for a person who knows how to print. They find one and offer him fifteen dollars to mass produce fliers demanding Ballard that he has a week to get the horses fed and healthy. Ballard meanwhile, had reached Casper and pleads for help from the Governor of Wyoming himself. The Governor offers protection and charges the Sheriff to find and arrest Redding. But after only a day of searching, the Sheriff is ambushed during the night and during a brief struggle Redding kills one of Ballard\'s men, Slater, after he attempts to shoot Billy. He forces the sheriff at gunpoint to say that it was self defense, and after Redding departs the Sheriff returns to Casper and tells news that Slater was shot dead by Redding. Meanwhile Billy, while riding back to Ballard\'s house is shot by its caretaker Conrad. After a brief firefight Conrad shoots his wife by accident and Billy and Redding leave. Meanwhile the Governor, after conversing with Judge Joe B. Tolliver  and the Attorney General decides to offer Redding amnesty if he turns himself in. Redding accepts but Billy doesn\'t, saying that land Ballard took belonged to his native tribe. Billy leaves and Redding arrives in Casper to participate in the trial of Henry Ballard. During the trial however the D.A.\'s assistant informs them that Judge Wilkins is charging Redding with two counts of murder and armed insurrection. However the amnesty agreement was typed before the charges were sent, putting the Governor in a bind. If he charges Redding, he will break the amnesty agreement, but if he doesn\'t charge Redding, he will be violating a judge\'s charges. The governor decides he will charge Redding if he breaks the amnesty agreement. The trial ends after several witnesses testify that the horses were indeed healthy stallions although Ballard testifies otherwise. Judge Tolliver agrees with Redding and orders Ballard to restore the horses to their previous health. Meanwhile, Billy has sued Ballard for the land rights but is losing, so he sends a messenger to Redding in an attempt to gain leverage over Ballard. Redding writes a letter of support but the messenger is ambushed while leaving Redding\'s hotel. The letter is used as proof to show Redding has violated his amnesty and he is charged with two counts of murder and armed insurrection. He is found guilty one one count of murder and armed insurrection at the same time that Billy and his Indians are ambushed by the Wyoming Army. Redding is sentenced to be hung and Ballard is charged with perjury for lying under oath and sentenced to two years in jail, three months of which will be spent restoring the two stallions\' health. Further consequence is that Ballard will lose his life savings. On the day of the hanging Redding meets with his son and tells him to always work hard and never give up. After a heartfelt goodbye Redding is called to inspect the two horses. After confirming that they have been restored, Ballard curses him and claims Redding got nothing from Ballard. Redding replies simply, "You did what I said you would." Ballard is carried away screaming and Redding is marched to the gallows. Judge Tolliver, who seems compassionate toward Redding and his principles, finds Judge Wilkins in a bar. Tolliver angrily berates him for charging an innocent man with murder. He then says that he has sent a letter to the governor asking for a committee, that he\'ll oversee, to review Wilkins\' ability to be a judge, and says he hopes they will find him unable. Judge Wilkins, obviously distraught, attempts to order a drink, to which the bartender replies, "Ten dollars a shot", mocking the judge about how Ballard charged Redding ten dollars to cross the land and how Wilkins did nothing about it. The bartender leaves Wilkins miserable and dishonored. Redding walks to the gallows but not before being hugged by his son and another heartfelt goodbye. He is hung and various clips show. One is of his son, Cage and Woody leading the two stallions along with Redding\'s body away from the city back home. Another shows the Wyoming marching band parading down the street announcing Wyoming has become a state.'] ['In the late 1830s, when much of the Old West was still Mexican territory, four people are traveling through the deserts, north of Texas and a three-day ride from Santa Fe. One the Scalphunter, who says his trade is being a "buffaler" . He is in search of gold. The others are a former ship Captain, also in search of the gold; the Woman from England, a former chambermaid who, in exchange for ship\'s passage to America, has signed an agreement to serve the Captain for five years as an indentured servant; and Mr. Rainbow, a former soldier who killed Indians. The Captain sets out to find some of Montezuma\'s gold, risking danger from both the Native Indians and Mexican soldiers. The woman wants to get out of her contract with the Captain and go to New Orleans. She asks Mr. Rainbow to take her there, but he turns her down. The Scalphunter wants half of the Captain\'s gold, and tags along with his men. Mr. Rainbow sets out across the desert through the Viaje de la Muerte, the Journey of Death.'] ['{{plot}} Trinity  comes into view accompanied by the movie\'s song. His horse is dragging him around in a travois. He is filthy, yet seems perfectly content as the horse drags him across the desert and through water crossings. When the horse stops near a dwelling, Trinity gets up, pulls on his boots, gets stung by a scorpion hiding in the boot but is clearly insusceptible to the venom then he drags his Colt 45 in holster and walks inside. It is the Chaparral Stagecoach Station and restaurant. The owner, noting Trinity\'s wretched appearance, tells him he will sell him a plate of beans if he has money to pay, a fly infested misshapen slattern prepares the dish. Trinity takes the frying pan along with the plate, scraping the beans from the plate back into the pan and proceeds to eat from the pan with gusto, punctuated by occasional loud burping. The eating scenes are a frequent comic element of the movies in which the team of Terence Hill and Bud Spencer appear. There are two white men in the restaurant with an injured Mexican prisoner. The two men are bounty hunters and are disappointed to see that Trinity\'s face does not appear in their batch of Wanted posters and proceed to disparage him for his sooty unkempt appearance. After Trinity has eaten every scrap in the pan, he gets up, strolls over to the men\'s table, and calmly relieves them of their prisoner. When they ask him his name so they\'ll know what to put on the headstone, he answers, "They call me Trinity." The resulting double-take foreshadows Trinity\'s notoriety. Trinity offers them a disarming grin when they refer to him as the "Right Hand of the Devil" and tell him that it\'s said he has "the fastest gun around." As he walks outside with their prisoner, the men stick their rifle through a window in preparation to shoot Trinity. But in one smooth movement from behind his back and apparently without aiming, Trinity drops both men in their tracks. It\'s a zen move showing his effortless, almost mystic skill with a gun. He casually gives the injured Mexican his spot on the travois as he perches himself backwards on the horse so the men can converse as they travel. Soon they reach a small town where an enormous man with a sheriff\'s star on his chest is seated outside his office, apparently trying to read a newspaper. He is being harassed by three local toughs standing in the street loudly demanding that he release their friend from jail. Trinity stops to watch the developing gunfight, predicting to the Mexican that the toughs will be "stiff before they hit the ground." When the enormous man quickdraws them with his left hand and outshoots them without blinking, the Mexican asks Trinity who the fast gun is and is told the enormous man is the "Left Hand of the Devil." It quickly becomes apparent that Trinity and the enormous man, an omnipotent bearded buffoon with squinty eyes—comically called Bambino , are brothers. Bambino  is merely posing as the sheriff of the small town while he awaits the arrival of his gang from the penitentiary from which he escaped. He is not happy to see his troublemaking brother. However, the two form a temporary partnership to deal with Major Harriman , who is attempting to run a group of pacifist Mormon farmers off their land with the intention of using their property to graze his own horses. The fact that these horses are valuable and unbranded explain Bambino\'s grudging willingness to work with his little brother even though he considers Trinity to be a shiftless bum without ambition. However, Trinity has fallen in love with two Mormon sisters and is genuinely concerned with the Mormon settlers\' welfare. He persuades Bambino and Bambino\'s henchmen to help train the pacifistic Mormons to fight, and in the final battle, the Mormon leader finds in the Book of Ecclesiastes in the Bible that "there is a time for fighting," and the Mormons are unleashed against Major Harriman\'s goons, using the dirty fighting tricks they learned. Bambino is flabbergasted and then infuriated to learn that Trinity has given the Major\'s horses to the Mormons. Trinity is about to be happily married to the two Mormon sisters when he learns to his horror that being a married Mormon means actually having to work. So he skips out and goes after Bambino. But his brother has had enough of him and sends him off in the opposite direction. Trinity gets the last laugh, though. He directs the real sheriff  in Bambino\'s direction. There are slight differences between the original Italian version and the dubbed English version. In the former, the injured Mexican has more dialogue explaining that he was arrested for knifing a gringo who tried to rape his wife.'] ['A ruthless preacher, Parson Josiah Galt, leads a band of Southern marauders during the Civil War that includes his sons, David, Adam and Jacob. The parson has turned vengeful and sadistic since the death of his wife. David can no longer stomach what his family is doing. When his brother Adam tries to rape a girl in a Kansas town that the Galts have just raided and looted, David tries to leave. He is brought back, accused of "treason" by his own father and sentenced to hang. Managing to escape, David returns to his wife Laura and son Pauly and relocates in Texas under a false name. They live peacefully there for six years and the war ends. The robberies and killings by the Galts continue, however, and one day they turn up in the Texas town. A conscience-stricken David feels compelled to tell Sheriff Kirkpatrick who they are and who he really is. Then, in a confrontation, David kills his brother Adam. Parson Galt and son Jacob exact revenge by taking Laura and Pauly captive and then kill David\'s wife. To get his son back, David learns of a train robbery his father has planned. He foils it and kills his brother Jacob. In a final showdown, Josiah and David fight and both fall to their death.'] ['The film opens with a monologue by an older Huw Morgan: "I am packing my belongings in the shawl my mother used to wear when she went to the market. And I\'m going from my valley. And this time, I shall never return." The valley and its villages are now blackened by the coal mines that fill the area. The film dissolves to show young Huw , the youngest child of Gwilym Morgan , walking home with his father to meet his mother, Beth . His older brothers, Ianto, Ivor , Davy, Gwilym Jr and Owen all work in the coal mines with their father while sister Angharad  keeps house with their mother. His childhood is idyllic, the town is beautiful , and the household is frugal but warm and loving. Huw is smitten when he meets Brownyn , but she is engaged to be married to his oldest brother, Ivor. At the boisterous wedding party Angharad meets the new preacher, Mr Gruffydd , and there is obvious mutual attraction. The first sign of trouble in town comes when the mine owner lowers the wages, and the miners strike in protest. Gwilym\'s attempt to mediate estranges him from the other miners as well as his older sons, who leave the house. Beth interrupts a late night meeting of the strikers, threatening to kill anyone who harms her husband. While returning home, crossing the fields in a snowstorm in the dark, she falls into the river. Huw dives in to save her with the help of the townspeople, but temporarily loses the use of his legs. He is nursed back to health with the help of Mr Gruffydd, further endearing him to Angharad. The strike is eventually settled, and Gwilym and his sons reconcile. Yet many of the miners have lost their jobs and the town is significantly poorer. Angharad is courted by the mine owner\'s son Iestyn Evans, though her heart is clearly set on Mr Gruffydd. He loves her too, much to the malicious delight of the gossipy townswomen, but cannot bear to subject her to an impoverished churchman\'s life. Angharad submits to a loveless marriage to Evans, and they move out of the country. Huw begins school at a nearby village. Mercilessly picked on by the other boys, he is taught to fight by local boxer Dai Bando and his crony Cyfartha. After a beating by the cruel teacher Mr Jonas, Dai Bando avenges Huw with an impromptu boxing display to the delight of his classmates. On the day Bronwyn gives birth to their child, Ivor is killed in a mine accident. Later, the four Morgan sons are fired in favor of less experienced, cheaper laborers. With no job prospects in the town, they leave to seek their fortunes abroad. Huw is awarded a scholarship to university, but to his father\'s dismay he declines it to work in the mines. He moves in with Bronwyn to help provide for her and her child. When Angharad returns without her husband, vicious gossip spreads through the ladies of the town about impending divorce and where her true affections lie. Mr Gruffydd is denounced by the church deacons, and after delivering a stinging condemnation of the town\'s small-mindedness, he decides to leave. Just then the alarm whistle sounds, signaling another mine disaster. Several men are injured, and Gwilym and others are trapped in a cave-in. Young Huw, Mr Gruffydd, and Dai Bando descend along with others in a rescue attempt. Gwilym and his son are briefly re-united before he succumbs to his injuries. Huw rides the lift to the surface cradling his father\'s body, his coal-blackened face devoid of all youthful innocence. A narration by an older Huw recalls, "Men like my father cannot die. They are with me still, real in memory as they were in flesh, loving and beloved forever. How green was my valley then." The film ends with a montage of touching family vignettes showing Huw with his father and mother, his brothers and sister.'] ['Logan Cates  sets out to rescue a white woman captured by Apache Indians and prevent a war. On the way he is joined by a few civilians and a small band of soldiers at a water hole. They are ambushed and laid siege to by Apache. As their food and water supplies dwindle a storm arrives which enables Cates to put an escape plan into action.'] ["Dobbs  and Curtin , cheated out of promised wages and down on their luck, meet old prospector Howard  in the Mexican oil-town of Tampico. They set out to strike it rich in the remote Sierra Madre mountains, searching for gold. They ride a train into the hinterlands, surviving a bandit attack en route. In the desert, Howard proves to be the toughest and most knowledgeable; he is the one to discover the gold they seek. A mine is dug, and much gold is extracted. Greed soon sets in, and Dobbs begins to lose both his trust and his sanity, lusting to possess the entire treasure. Dobbs is also unreasonably afraid that he will be killed by his partners. A fourth American named James Cody  appears, which sets up a moral debate about what to do with the new stranger. The men decide to kill Cody, but just as the three confront him with pistols and prepare to kill him, the bandits reappear, crudely pretending to be Federales.  After a gunfight with the bandits, in which Cody is killed, a real troop of Federales appears and chases away the bandits. Howard is called away to assist some local villagers in saving a little boy. The next day he is asked, without the option of declining, to go back to the village to be honored. However, he leaves his goods with Dobbs and Curtin. Dobbs, whose paranoia continues, and Curtin constantly argue, until one night when Curtin falls asleep, Dobbs holds him at gunpoint, takes him behind the camp, shoots him, grabs all three shares of the gold, and leaves him for dead. However, the wounded Curtin survives and manages to crawl away during the night. Dobbs is later ambushed and killed by some of the bandits. In their ignorance, the bandits believe Dobbs' bags of unrefined gold are merely filled with sand, and they scatter the gold to the winds. Curtin is discovered by indios and taken to Howard's village, where he recovers. He and Howard miss witnessing the bandits' execution by Federales by only a few minutes as they arrive back in town, and learn that the gold is gone. While checking the area where the bandits dropped the gold, Howard realizes that the winds must have carried the gold away. They accept the loss with equanimity, and then part ways, Howard returning to his village, and Curtin returning home to the United States."] ["Gov. Lubbock of Texas has asked Todd Croyden of the Texas Rangers to spring a Union Army spy from a Confederate camp and bring him back. France is trying to seize Mexico and the governor is aiding the latter's defense effort. Guns and ammo are being stolen in Corales, so the governor wants the Ranger and the spy, Whitney Randolph, to investigate. Croyden doesn't much care for Randolph, who wins his horse and harmonica gambling on the trail. While crossing the Rio Grande, they end up held at gunpoint by a woman, Madeline Danzeeger, whose wagon is stuck. After helping her, they learn that a former German army officer also named Danzeeger, likely her father, is working with a Mexican general, Liguras, for big money. Croyden locates the missing munitions at Basil Danzeeger's ranch, but foreman Red Hyatt is suspicious of him. A fire set by Croyden and Randolph destroys the gunpowder, but Madeline turns out to be Basil's wife and takes them prisoner. Red Hyatt tries to kill Croyden by tying him to two wild horses. Randolph dies while saving him. Madeline has a change of heart, having fallen in love with Croyden, and is shot by her husband. Basil and Liguras end up in a fight to the death fatal to both, and, luckily, it appears Madeline will recover."] ['Jeff Scott is sent to investigate problems with wagon trains attempting to make the journey to Oregon. Sam Morgan has sent his henchmen, under lead-henchman Bull Bragg, to stop the wagon trains in order to maintain control of the fur trade in the area. {{Expand section}}'] ["During the War Between the States a Confederate officer who is also a Captain in the Union Cavalry is keeping Federal troops in the Colorado Territory from reinforcing their armies in the East by forming an alliance of secessionists, outlaws, and opportunists as well as arming hostile Indians. Unable to send more reinforcements, the United States Secret Service sends one man, Military intelligence officer Lieutenant Jerry Burke to identify who is behind the troubles and put an end to it. Armed with a sweeping letter of both law enforcement and military powers signed by President Abraham Lincoln Jerry meets his old comrade in arms Gabby to go west. The Confederate/Union officer calling himself Donald Mason is actually Jerry's brother Donald. Donald escapes arrest but confronts his alliance that they are getting rich whilst he is doing all the work and facing all the danger. Donald takes over by shooting a corrupt Indian Affairs commissioner after informing him that the agent is no longer an asset but a liability. Donald saves his brother's life and is repaid by Jerry by allowing him to face his end by ley fuga instead of hanging after Jerry captures him."] ['The young gunman Lot McGuire  does not support the idea that there is anyone faster than him with his revolver. That is why traveling to a city with the intention of forcing a duel with Marshal Dan Blaine  he is a man renowned for his skillful handling of weapons.'] ["The film, in two parts, begins in 1876 when the Terry-Gibbon column relieves the remnants of the 7th Cavalry that had survived the Battle of the Little Bighorn. They discover Custer's battalion has been annihilated, and the film 'flashes back' and tells Custer's story from the point of view/narrative of his wife, Elizabeth, beginning with the Kansas campaign of the mid-1860s. Concurrently, the Indian perspective is told through the narrative of Kate Bighead, a young Cheyenne woman, who encountered Custer on several occasions. Kate Bighead's narrative is also used to describe events like the Fetterman Massacre and the Battle of Washita River, as is Elizabeth Custer's, to provide a balanced point of view."] ["{{Expand section}} The film tells a story about a boy, Daniel Hackett , who must save his father's farm. Daniel's father, Jonas ([[Stephen Lang , runs a farm in a place called Paradise Valley, but his land is coveted by a greedy developer, J.P. Stiles . Daniel looks longingly at postcards of New York City while growing increasingly skeptical of his father's tales of legendary folk heroes. Then, through a series of incredible adventures, Daniel meets up with the legends that his father has spoken about - cowboy Pecos Bill , lumberjack Paul Bunyan , and ex-slave and strongman John Henry . Each of these heroes hooks up with Daniel and becomes involved in an increasingly bitter and boisterous fight against Stiles, whose plans to buy up land threatening the very strength of the folk heroes and the well-being of the common people."] ["Jasper Bloodshy  runs the rough-and-tumble town of Bloodshy -- named after him because he founded it -- which lives in fear of Jasper's gunslinging son Wild Billy . Jasper has just found out he has another son named Eli , who lives in Philadelphia. It turns out that years ago, Jasper's crazy ways were too much for his bride from England, so she left -- leaving behind one twin -- and returned to England. With the help of his English butler Mansfield, he writes a new will that mentions Eli, then fakes his death by pretending to fall off a cliff in front of Bloodshy's corrupt mayor Ragsdale  and sheriff The Denver Kid , both of whom he has just told about his second son. We next meet Eli, who turns out to be the opposite of Wild Billy. Eli has been trained to live for the Lord. He works as a Salvation Army missionary in Philadelphia with orphans named Roxanne  and Marcus . One day, during a fight in which people are throwing vegetables at him and the children, Eli receives a telegram informing him about his father's death, a father he didn't know existed. He decides to accept the invitation to come to Bloodshy for his inheritance and take Marcus and Roxanne. Their stagecoach is held up by the Snead brothers, a group of outlaws that Ragsdale has sent to run off Eli. Unfortunately, nobody was told that Jasper's other son was a twin, so they mistake Eli for Wild Billy . The Sneads return to Bloodshy, but did cause the stagecoach to run off, leaving Eli, Marcus, and Roxanne stranded. On their way to Bloodshy , they meet a woman named Jenny  who is also headed for Bloodshy to start a school. They head for the town together. Mansfield brings the will to Sheriff Denver to deliver to Ragsdale. From there, it's learned that a contest is involved in the inheritance. Ragsdale sends Denver to find Billy and tell him that the fortune is his. The contest is a miles-long obstacle course known as the Bloody Bloodshy Trail that involves operating train engines, crossing a gorge using a rope, climbing a mountain, and driving a wagon."] ['In the 1860s Wild West, a group of misfit settlers including ex-doctor Phil Taylor , prostitute Belle , and homosexual bookseller Julian  decide they cannot live in their current situation in the west, so they hire a grizzled alcoholic wagon master by the name of James Harlow  to take them on a journey back to their hometowns in the East. This leads to comedic exploits when the drunken wagon master leads them into Sioux territory and they are pursued by the cavalry. They also have to contend with hired gunslingers who have been sent by railroad magnates to stop the journey in fear of bad publicity of the west, and their discovery that Harlow had been part of the infamous Donner Party.'] ["Summary: A wagon train must find another way than fighting to cross hostile Pawnee territory in 19th Century America. A small group of families join together to travel to Oregon in 1846. Their leader is ostensibly James Stephen (George Reeves, TV's [[Adventures of Superman , who has made the trip before, and is now bringing his family along. John Grayson , known as Doc for his ambition to study medicine, however, proves to be the real leader of the wagon train. The pioneers deal with the elements and occasional raids, but after hostile Pawnees drive off their spare horses, they realize they may not make it to the Oregon Territory. While stopping at Fort Laramie, the pioneer children make friends with Sioux children. After the Sioux chief's son is injured in an accident, Doc Grayson helps heal him, earning the trust of the Sioux. As the story ends, the Sioux warriors escort the wagon train safely through Pawnee territory."] ['Gene Autry  returns to his home after a five-year absence as a singing cowboy with a group of strolling players that includes Smiley  and Eightball , who sell Dr. Parker\'s Painless Panacea. Gene\'s father, a cattle barron and one of the original "nesters" in the West, was recently murdered during a conflict with his landlord. While at an abandoned nester\'s cabin, the group is held up by Harry Brooks , whom Gene recognizes as his old friend. Wounded and semi-delirious, Harry induces Gene to hide him from the posse headed by Sheriff Manley . The deputy later returns and tries to shoot Harry, but Gene chases him away. In town, the deputy reports to Barney Craven , leader of a gang which is trying to silence Harry. Meanwhile, Gene and his friends set up a performance in town, but it is interrupted by Craven\'s men, who report that Harry is wanted for the murder of Gene\'s father. Hastening to Harry\'s home, Gene confronts his former sweetheart Janet, now Harry\'s wife, and meets Janet\'s younger sister Jerry , whom he had only known as a girl. They assure Gene of Harry\'s innocence and reveal that Harry and Gene\'s father were about to sign a settlement over disputed water rights. Now suspicious of Craven, Gene captures Craven, the deputy, and their cohorts by a series of clever ruses that land them in jail, and thereby vindicates Harry. Gene and Jerry marry and join Smiley and Eightball on the departing Parker wagon.Magers 2007, p. 27.'] ['Set in Caldwell, Kansas on the Kansas-Oklahoma border, the movie features cowboy Don Carver  as a "tumbleweed"  who decides to settle down after falling in love with Molly Lassiter ([[Barbara Bedford . Carver decides to get in on the Cherokee Strip land rush but when he\'s arrested and parted from his new love, he\'s in danger of missing the big race. Lucien Littlefield plays a strong supporting role in the movie as Hart\'s comic sidekick and best friend.'] ["The fundamental theme of the story is the spiritual redemption of an emotionally damaged man, Zachary Bass. By using flashbacks to his childhood, the director provides to the viewer the basis for Bass's emotional damage brought about by abandonment by his father and abuse by his schoolmaster. After being abandoned by his fellow trappers, his motive for survival is revealed to be driven by many things, including revenge against Captain Henry, and the desire to see his young son, whom he left to be raised by his mother-in-law after his wife's death in childbirth. As it turns out, one of his comrades left a pocket Bible with Bass. It is this Bible that transforms and redeems Bass so that when he finally confronts his fellow trappers and Captain Henry, it is no longer the same hardened man that they meet. Rather, Bass has become transformed into a rational and forgiving man with no anger left in his heart."] ['Gene Autry  is a singing cowboy who runs Radio Ranch, a dude ranch from which he makes a daily live radio broadcast at 2:00 pm. Gene has two kid sidekicks, Frankie Baxter  and Betsy Baxter , who lead a club, the Junior Thunder Riders, in which the kids play at being armored knights of an unknown civilization, the mysterious Thunder Riders who make a sound like thunder when they ride. The kids, dressing up in capes and water-bucket helmets, play at riding "To the rescue!" . A chance to become real heroes occurs when Betsy, Frankie, and Gene are kidnapped by the real Thunder Riders from the super-scientific underground empire of Murania, complete with towering buildings, robots, ray-guns, elevator tubes that extend miles from the surface, and the icy, blonde, evil Queen Tika. On the surface, criminals led by Professor Beetson plan to invade Murania and seize its radium wealth, while in Murania, a group of revolutionaries plots to overthrow Queen Tika. The inhabitants of Murania are the lost tribe of Mu, who went underground in the last glacial period 100,000 years ago, and now live in a fantastically advanced city 25,000 feet below the surface. They cannot now breathe the air at ground level and must wear oxygen masks.  The Thunder Guard emerges to the surface world from a cave with a huge rock door that swings up like a garage door. Both Muranians and Professor Beetson want to get rid of Autry, so he loses his radio contract and Radio Ranch is vacated.Magers 2007, pp. 23–24.'] ["In the 1880 town of Rincon, Colorado, a gambler is caught cheating at a five-card stud poker game. One of the players, Van Morgan, tries to prevent the others from administering frontier justice, but is unable to stop the man's lynching. Morgan leaves town, but later returns when he hears that a couple of the other players from that ill-fated game have been murdered. The town has a new resident, a stern preacher named Reverend Rudd. As more members of the lynch mob are killed off one by one, it becomes clear that someone is taking revenge and it is up to Morgan to solve the mystery. Finally, only he is left. He discovers the identity of the killer just in time."] ["Will Lockhart  becomes entangled in the happenings of Coronado, an isolated western town, after delivering supplies there from Laramie. He immediately ends up at odds with the Waggomans, an influential ranching family. Lockhart is quietly searching for information about someone selling repeating rifles to the local Apaches; his brother, an Army cavalry trooper, was killed in an Apache attack at Dutch Creek. Cattle baron Alec Waggoman  is haunted by dreams of a stranger who intends to kill his son. He is also gradually losing his eyesight and cannot count on his son Dave , a vicious and arrogant man who refuses to learn how to run the ranch the way his father wants it done. Lockhart is told by Barbara Waggoman , Alec's niece, that he can collect salt for free and haul it away for freight but Dave Waggoman accuses him of stealing, shoots twelve of Lockhart's mules and burns his three wagons. Lockhart returns to town, engages first Dave and then ranch foreman Vic Hansbro ([[Arthur Kennedy  in a fistfight. Alec Waggoman shows up and offers Lockhart restitution for his lost property. Vic considers himself a second son to Alec and is engaged to marry Barbara Waggoman. But when push comes to shove, Alec sides with his son, being a blood relative. Alec holds Vic responsible for the damage Dave caused to Lockhart's wagons and mules  and threatens to withhold it from Vic's pay. After this confrontation, Vic rides after Dave and catches him trying to contact the Apaches to sell them another two hundred repeating rifles for which the Apaches have paid in advance. Vic shoots Dave and then lets Alec believe that Lockhart was responsible. Lockhart takes refuge with a rival rancher, Kate Canady , who wishes she and Waggoman could declare a truce. Alec goes over some old bills and finds a bill for wire fence that is very overpriced. He suspects that it conceals a rifle purchase and sets out to discover for himself whether it was true that his son Dave was involved in selling rifles to the Apaches. Vic attempts to talk him out of it, but the old man is determined to find out the truth. Just before he reaches the wagon, he is pushed off his horse and down a hill by Vic. Assuming the old man is dead, Vic rides away. Lockhart finds Alec and takes him to Kate to tend to his wounds. Vic is anxious because Waggoman is still alive and can identify him. He tries again to kill Alec but is thwarted by Lockhart, who pursues Vic on horseback. Lockhart finds Vic using a smoke signal to call for the Apaches to come for their rifles. Lockhart is unable to shoot him down in cold blood, but forces Vic to help him push the wagon off the hilltop and destroy the rifles. Vic rides away but is attacked and killed by the band of Apaches who paid for the rifles. Lockhart leaves town, but admits to Barbara Waggoman that he is Captain Lockhart, a cavalry officer in the U.S. Army. Barbara intends to leave Coronado and head back east. Lockhart tells her she will be passing through Laramie on the way and to ask anyone where to find Captain Lockhart."] ['Jesse W. Haywood graduates from dental school in Philadelphia in 1870 and goes west to become a frontier dentist. As a "city slicker", he finds himself bungling in a new environment. On his way west, the stagecoach is held up and robbed by two masked bandits. A posse catches one of them, Penelope "Bad Penny" Cushing. Facing prison, Penelope is offered a pardon if she will track down a ring of gun smugglers that also involves a local Indian tribe. She tricks Haywood into a sham marriage as a disguise. Haywood inadvertently becomes the legendary "Doc the Heywood" after he guns down "Arnold the Kid" and performs other exploits . There are a couple of scenes which parody similar scenes in The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance with John Wayne and James Stewart. The stage coach holdup scene is the first encounter that both city dudes have with the "wild west". In the gunfight scene, both "dudes" are about to be shot down in duels with trained gunfighters when they are saved by one of the good guys who shoots the villain from a hidden position which makes the shooting look like the underdog winning a legitimate gunfight.'] ['A cattle buyer, a federal agent and a newswoman become involved in a railroad plot against the backdrop of a rancher vs. homesteader war.'] ["The film' is a comedy version of a story about four youngsters who become heroes in the Russian Civil War. Danka, orphaned son of a Red agent, whose father was tortured and executed by the warlord Lyuty before his eyes, and his sister Ksanka join Valerka, a former schoolboy, and Yashka, a devil-may-care gypsy. They make a pledge of mutual assistance, determined to exact revenge on the bandits who are bringing so much suffering to peaceful villagers. The friends then embark on a series of daring adventures. Meanwhile, strange things begin to happen to a band of outlaws led by the ruthless bandit Ataman Burnash. All his schemes seem to go wrong, sabotaged by unseen and unidentified enemies. The mischievous culprits always leave a note signed '- the Elusive Avengers', and are of course the four friends, who succeed by never forgetting their pledge of mutual assistance. They are so effective, in fact, that reports of their deeds are reaching the local division of the Red Army.  In a plot twist familiar to many Westerns such as For a Few Dollars More and the Japanese Yojimbo, Danka uses his anonymity to infiltrate the outlaws' gang and insinuate himself into Burnash's confidence, becoming his trusted right hand man. Unfortunately, Warlord Lyuty, whom Danka had thought he killed earlier, arrives at the Ataman's camp and accuses Danka; and when Lyuty's accusations are proven, it is up to the other three Avengers  to get him out. At the end of the movie, the Avengers are honored and acknowledged by the Red Army, which promptly appropriates the four of them as soldiers. The Elusive Avengers ride off into the rising sun, ready to answer their army's call."] ['The film opens with a sequence in which D\'Artagnan  rides up to a tavern on horseback and ends up brawling with sword and fist with the patrons inside in his haste to approach a fair young stranger. After triumphing, he morphs into modern day Ned Thacker . Ned is born and raised in Kansas by a mother who passes along to him her love of D\'Artagnan and The Three Musketeers, despite his father\'s concern that it is not good for him. In fact, Ned does get into trouble with his  chivalrous attempts to help women. Finally, Ned can stand it no more; he decides to leave dull Kansas. In mirroring scenes, D\'Artagnan is astride a somewhat less-than-noble steed, a present from his father for his departure from home, while Ned\'s father gives him the modern equivalent: a car. While driving in the desert, he comes upon a chauffeur-driven automobile stopped because the road ahead has been washed away. Unimpressed with one passenger, the middle-aged Forrest Vandeteer , Ned is quite taken with the lovely "Park Avenue flapper" Elsie Dodge. Her mother, the third passenger, sees her only daughter\'s marriage to Vandeteer as the solution to their dire financial straits. Vandeteer buys what he wants, and he wants Elsie. She, however, loathes her suitor; she much prefers young Ned. Ned comes up with the idea to put his car on railroad tracks. He takes the party  to their Grand Canyon resort hotel. There, Ned questions John Blabb, who works for "Town Topics". Blabb informs him that Vandeteer already has three wives hidden away somewhere. Meanwhile, Chin-de-dah, the Native American leader of an outlaw gang hiding in a tributary canyon, is bored. He decides to kidnap a white woman to be his wife . He goes to the resort, pretending to be a guide, and selects Elsie as his target. Ned is suspicious, but Vandeteer hires him. Vandeteer and Elsie set out for a horse ride down the canyon with their guide. Ned uses the time to persuade Mrs. Dodge that her daughter\'s happiness should take priority over their financial security. James Brown, a member of the gang who knows and hates Vandeteer, gleefully tells Ned about the man\'s impending demise and Chin-de-dah\'s intentions toward Elsie. Ned shames him into helping with a rescue. They reach the camp in time to free Elsie and Vandeteer, but remain in peril. Vandeteer offers Ned $100,000 to save his life; Ned makes him put it in writing. Then they are lifted up the sheer cliff by a rope pulled by a horse. Once they are safe, Brown wants to kill Vandeteer, who falsely incriminated him in Vandeteer\'s own scam and stole his wife and children. Vandeteer ends up clinging to the cliffside, kept from falling to his death only by Ned\'s grip. Under Ned\'s direction, he writes a note exonerating Brown. Ned persuades Brown to let Vandeteer live, and promises to split the reward with him. Once they are alone, Elsie kisses her rescuer.'] ['Lone super-quick gunslinger "nameless" Cowboy  on the run from a rancher  and his men out to kill him for killing his son. When former Confederate soldier  saw how can Cowboy defend himself, even dropping a drink, pulling and shooting a guy, and catching his drink before it hits the floor. Cowboy gets mixed up with this soldier who has knowledge of hidden gold. So, Cowboy and Dooley, the Soldier tries to complete their map and find the gold because Dooley has only one part of the map. And also Col. Skinner  on the tale of Dooley. When Cowboy and Dooley free a man  with part of the map to the gold, they then are also pursued by Spanish soldiers. It all leads to a small Mexican town terrorized by soldiers and led a by a good priest  who is another one which has knowledge of the hidden gold. Hidden gold'] ['Easygoing Melody Jones  and his friend George Fury  wander into a town. Jones is mistaken for a wanted bandit named Monte Jarrad , which causes him no end of trouble. Meanwhile, the real Jarrad is hiding out in the home of his girl, Cherry de Longpre . At first, she tries to use the newcomer to distract the townsfolk, but as she gets to know Jones, her feelings start to change.'] ['The film opens with Wyatt Earp as a teenager living on the family farm. His older brothers, Virgil and James, are away at war serving with the Union Army. Wyatt dreams of war, and packs some belongings, bids his younger brothers & sisters goodbye, and attempts to run away, intending to lie about his age and join the Union Army. He doesn\'t make it off the farm before his father catches him and forces him to return home. A short while later, both brothers return home at the war\'s end, with James gravely wounded. Shortly afterwards, the family moves west. It is during this move that Wyatt first sees a man killed, shot during a gunfight. He gets sick at the sight, and vomits. Years pass, finding him working out west as a wagon driver. During his time there, he works also as a referee for fights, and finds himself at odds with a bully. Wyatt and the bully eventually come to the point of fighting, with the bully intending to shoot Wyatt. Wyatt disarms him and defeats him, taking his gun as a trophy. Returning home to Missouri, Wyatt marries a childhood sweetheart, Urilla Sutherland . The two move into their own house, and he begins working as a policeman. Months later, while pregnant, his wife dies from Typhoid fever. He stays by her side throughout the illness, becoming deeply depressed afterward. He burns their home and all they own, begins drinking, and drifting from town to town, eventually landing in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. He robs a man and steals his horse, but is captured a short time later. With Wyatt facing certain hanging, his father bails him out of jail, telling him to leave and never return to Arkansas. He begins working as a buffalo hunter, where he meets Bat Masterson and his brother Ed Masterson. The three become friends and work together hunting buffalo, with the two brothers working as Wyatt\'s skinners. Years pass, and he begins working as a Deputy Marshal in Wichita, Kansas, and builds a reputation as a good lawman. He is recruited to work as a deputy in Dodge City, with a lower salary, but for extra money for each arrest made, in the end making more than he would have in Wichita. In Dodge City he builds a hard reputation, and he kills his first man, a shooting witnessed by actress Josie Marcus. Wyatt becomes involved romantically with a prostitute, Mattie Blaylock, and the Mastersons begin working with him as deputies. Wyatt disagrees with Ed Masterson working as a lawman, believing him to be too passive. However, the Dodge City council decides that Ed is more acceptable than Wyatt due to the latter\'s excessive force, and fires him, appointing Ed to take his place. Wyatt then begins working for the railroad, capturing outlaws. While pursuing outlaw Dave Rudabaugh, he is introduced to gunman and gambler Doc Holliday, in Fort Griffin, Texas, and the two become friends. Holliday assists Earp in locating Rudabaugh, whom he dislikes tremendously. Shortly afterward, Wyatt receives word that Ed Masterson has been killed, having shot and killed both his assailants before dying in the street. Wyatt returns to Dodge City to help bring law and order. After working there for a while, he and his family move to Tombstone, Arizona, under the protest of the Earp wives, and Mattie. Wyatt immediately finds himself at odds with the "Cowboy" gang. He meets and becomes romantically involved with Marcus, which puts him at odds with her boyfriend, Sheriff Behan. This relationship also causes stress in his relationship with Mattie, and becomes the subject of rumor about town. Wyatt and his brothers Morgan and Virgil arrest several Cowboys, and Virgil takes over as marshal following the murder of town marshal Fred White. The brothers find themselves at odds with the Cowboys often, and tension builds. Wyatt breaks up several altercations involving the Cowboys, particularly Ike Clanton , and Doc Holliday swears his loyalty to Wyatt, whom he considers his only real friend. Eventually the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral occurs, with the brothers becoming very unpopular in town. Virgil is ambushed and wounded, and Morgan is killed. The film then shows only a glimpse of the Vendetta Ride with Wyatt and his friends taking out revenge on the remaining "Cowboys", and then skips to many years later with him and Josie mining for gold in Alaska. While en route by boat, a young man on the same boat recognizes Wyatt, and recounts a story in which Wyatt had saved the boy\'s uncle, "Tommy Behind-The-Deuce". The film ends with Wyatt saying to Josie, "Some people say it didn\'t happen that way", to which she responds "Never mind them, Wyatt. It happened that way."'] ["A motley group of phony church leaders attempts to rob a bank controlled by brothers in 1880's Texas."] ['Tired of killing, war veteran Jefferson Waring rides west, but in Missouri he sees "squatters" mowed down by men working for rich, ruthless Artemus Taylor. He spends the night at Independence newspaperman Peter Sharpe\'s place, but is jailed when daughter Cathy Sharpe finds this total stranger in her room. The local marshal, John Harding, is just one of many men on Taylor\'s payroll. Peter\'s business is threatened by banker Stone unless he takes Taylor\'s side against "squatters" settling in the region. The blind and wheelchair-bound Taylor and ambitious daughter Norah are secretly aware that railroad surveyors are considering laying tracks nearby, so they want all the land for themselves. Norah and henchman Ding Bell ambush and shoot Jeff, after which Bell is killed by Taylor\'s top hand, Sam Tobin. A doctor treats Jeff\'s wounds but the sheriff charges him with Bell\'s murder. When the situation escalates and Norah personally guns down the newspaper editor, Jeff breaks out of jail and organizes a group of vigilantes. Taylor dies of a heart attack while Norah, trying to rob the bank for some getaway money, is also killed. Jeff stays in town to run the paper with Cathy.'] ["Ching Fong-Tin  goes to Russia to steal goods from the Russian soldiers. Unfortunately he is caught and the soldiers make him strip his clothes down to his underwear. They force him to wear a brassiere and the head of a mop as a wig, and he is made to dance for their amusement. However, he makes his escape, grabbing his grenades as he goes, and throws one into the cabin. Fook Loi  catches Ching and lectures him about his crimes. Ching tries to escape, but in the scuffle, he and Fook end up rolling into a snowball. In the final moments after they both got out of the snowball, Fook tries to look for Ching and is taken by surprise when he jumps down from a tree, grabs his clothes and rushes off back to his hometown. Bandits dressed in police uniforms  set fire to a large building. Tsao Cheuk Kin  and his fire team race to the scene and save a fat lady and a blind woman. While the fire rages, the bandits rob the town bank, but the manager manages to alert the townfolk before they can escape and two of the bandits are jailed. With the loss of money stolen by the bandits, Mayor Yi  gives a negative speech. In contrast, Tsao encourages the townfolk and he is given the job of mayor and head of the town's security. Ching and his assistant move from a hotel to his home town, arriving with a car full of women . Ching's ambition is to get money into the town, so his hotel is cleaned up and redressed. A train is due to pass, carrying numerous passengers, including some criminals and some Japanese tourists . In order to bring custom to his hotel, Ching hatches a plan to force the train to stop at the town. He heads towards the railway station on his motorcycle and sidecar, but is chased away by Tsao riding on horseback. Ching swings a tree branch, which knocks Tsao from his horse. Ching takes the horse and rides the rest of the way. As he prepares the dynamite, Ching is discovered, and ends up fighting with Tsao. After winning, Ching continues to wait for the train. As the train travels through the country, passenger Han  sneaks back and forth on roof of the train between his fat wife  and his beautiful mistress. The bandits from the town try to board the train. The first bandit , with his body covered in magnets inadvertenly gets stuck to the train, whilst the second second bandit  using the rope to climb aboard. However, instead of lassooing the train, his rope catches Han, who is forced to hang on for dear life, whilst the bandit runs alongside the train. The remaining bandits struggle with a cart, but finally manage to get on board. When the train reaches the station, Ching blows the dynamite, derailing the train. As Ching had planned, the passengers spend time in his home town awaiting the train's repair. In the hotel, the criminals devise a plan to get into the room housing Han's mistress, posing as Japanese tourists. Unfortunately they don't don't know the language, and are forced to hide when the train captain  and his mistress enter the room. After the train captain goes into the bathroom, the bad guys try to sneak out quietly, but soon have to hide again. Han climbs down the hotel roof, inadvertently scaring the train captain's mistress. The commotion alerts his wife, who accuses him of cheating. To explain the situation, he claims that he is actually an agent spying on the Japanese, and the bad guys use this excuse to come out of hiding. when Ching asks Chito distract Tsao she comes with all sorts of things most of them saying that she loves him. Tsao then tells Chi that he's busy and can't dream with her and leaves. Chi captures up with him and asks him not to go and Tsao swings his hat to the side and takes Chi into his hands and starts snogging her. Tsao then says something that makes Chi want to kiss him more.When Chi wants to kiss him more he signals his helpers to take his place and unfortunately Chi opens her eyes and runs away. Fook Loi returns from Russia and uses Tsao to capture Ching and put him into jail. At night, Siu-Hon  and her group of ladies free Ching and allow him to make up his mind. The rest of the bad guys arrive on horseback, storming the town and capturing the Japanese tourists. After Ching makes up his mind, he comes back to his hometown and free the bandits, plus Fook, Tsao and Siu-Hon. He decides to turf the bad guys out of town, beginning by using a chaingun, and later using martial arts. A huge fight breaks out, until the bad guys are dealt with and Ching and Tsao finally take back the map from the Japanese."] ["When slave traders bring back an evil voodoo entity that is accidentally freed by the Confederate Army during the Civil War. The entity possesses the bodies of the dead soldiers to create an army of its own bent on conquest, using the corpses of both the North and South. When both Union and Confederate soldiers are mysteriously murdered by the entity during the Civil War, the opposing troops must overcome their differences and band together to investigate the gruesome deaths. It soon becomes apparent that these killers are anything but human. Instead, they are a maniacal regiment of supernatural forces, and it is solely up to these united American soldiers to fight the slaughterous evil of the Ghost Brigade. The film centers around Captain John Harling, a Union army man that has been awaiting his parole but it is cut short when there are unusual murders of Union troops. To discover the culprits behind this Harling seeks Colonel Nehemiah Strayn, a former Confederate regiment commander, now sitting in a Union prison at Bowling Green who was once Harling's teacher. The two officers, along with Colonel George Thalman supervising, set out with a small detachment of troops and a runaway slave named Rebecca. When they reach the site where several Union troops were murdered, Strayn tells about what happened to his regiment, whose gruesome end happened at the same place where the Union corpses were found. After leaving the site and wandering deeper into Tennessee, they come across a group of Confederate soldiers, who quickly surrender much to the surprise of the Union troops. The Confederate in charge tells Thalman that their group was attacked by a band of undead troops who took many of his men away, yet he was unaware of why he and his people were taken. Thalman, deciding that they required reinforcements, took off leaving Harling in charge. But during the night, while Strayn & Rebecca are talking just a few yards away from the camp, they are assaulted by Stayn's old regiment, now a bunch of walking zombies. His former second-in-command, Major Josiah Elkins, tells him to lead this new regiment. Strayn refuses the offer however, and escapes with Rebecca to the camp. Strayn warns everyone at the camp and they all hide behind the carts that the Confederates had with them and waited until the zombie soldiers approached them. After holding them off, they are surprised to see Thalman reappear again, but he has been changed. So after being burned by Rebecca he returns to his former self. But before he dies, he puts Harling in charge, in hopes that Harling would see the men out. The next day, since they don't have time to leave the area, they set a trap for the Ghost Brigade. Using Strayn to lure them back to the Union camp, he surprises them by picking up a pistol and killing one of them with a silver bullet which was created from the silver that the Confederates were carrying. The Ghost Brigade goes into a fury and attacks the joint Union/Confederate troops, who were positioned behind a trench filled with water and wagons turned into barricades. Strayn personally fights with Elkins in hand-to-hand combat before Elkins stabs him. But before he can finish Strayn, Rebecca leaps on top of him. The short struggle continues until Rebecca shoots Elkins by aiming at her chest when he was behind her. While barely alive, Harling realizes that she is infected and has to be shot. Strayn tries to intervene but Rebecca is shot. The last remaining zombie soldier cries over Elkin's corpse before he is shot by Harling. With the Ghost Brigade defeated, they head back for Union territory, where Strayn is sent back to Bowling Green prison for a short period, before he escapes and rejoins the Confederate Army. He fights with distinction during the battles of Gettysburg and other major Civil War battles, but his unusual stand against slavery alienates many of his countrymen. While Strayn is fighting in the Confederate Army Harling decides to not take his parole and stay with the Union Army for duration of the war, serving under General U.S. Grant for the remainder of the Civil War. The film ends with Harling telling the story of Strayn going back to the creek where his regiment was murdered, where he is never seen again."] ["Bob Blake  and his sidekick Rusty  are two cowboys riding across the countryside in search of adventure. They come across a ranch where it appears a murder has taken place but they find the victim of the crime, Jim Dennison , still alive. Dennison is hiding in fear of his life after what had taken place at the ranch. Bob sees a picture of the rancher’s daughter Margaret  and falls in love at first sight; he cannot stop talking about how beautiful the girl in the picture is. Bob drops a glove when he leaves the ranch, which causes problems later. The villain, Bradley , wants to seize the ranch after terrorizing Dennison. Bob sets out to save Margaret and narrowly escapes a plot to frame him for the murder of one of the ranch foremen, Jim Connors . Bradley uses Bob's dropped glove as part of the frameup. Bob is sent to jail, but is able to escape and tries to find Margaret. After a fight, Bob saves Margaret and they enjoy the romantic moment Bob had imagined when he first saw her picture. The ranch is saved; the story ends with Bob and Margaret together at last, and Bradley put in his place."] ["Hackett is out to take over the Cattlemen's Association by bankrupting them. His men rustle the cattle forcing the payouts to the ranchers."] ['In the town of Rio Bravo, Texas, sheriff\'s deputy Dude , who has acquired the contemptuous nickname "Borrachón", enters a saloon to get a drink. Joe Burdette , brother of rancher Nathan Burdette, tosses a silver dollar into a spittoon at Dude\'s feet. As Dude reaches for the spittoon, Presidio County, Texas Sheriff John T. Chance  appears and kicks the spittoon away, looking at Dude with pity. Dude whacks Chance with a piece of wood, knocking the sheriff out cold. With two men holding Dude upright, Joe begins punching him, then shoots and kills an unarmed bystander who tries to intervene.  Joe leaves the saloon and heads to his brother\'s saloon, where a bloody Chance arrests Joe for the murder of the bystander. When another patron draws his gun on Chance, causing a stalemate, Dude shoots the gun out of the patron\'s hand, Chance slugs Joe with his rifle, and the sheriff and his deputy drag Joe off to jail. While the funeral for the unarmed man is being held, Chance\'s friend Pat Wheeler  and his supply train stop in town, with a young gunslinger, Colorado Ryan , riding guard. Wheeler informs Chance that Nathan Burdette\'s men stopped him outside of the town, meaning that the town is "bottled up" to prevent Chance from getting Joe to Presidio or any assistance in. Inside the jail, Stumpy , Chance\'s other deputy, keeps watch over the jail and Joe. Chance takes a delivered package to the proprietor of the hotel, Carlos Robante (red lingerie for his wife, Consuela . A mysterious woman, Feathers , arrives for a night. She arrived on a stage coach whose wheel has broken , which delays its departure. Dude and Chance patrol the town, when Carlos stops the sheriff, saying Wheeler was talking too much about Chance needing help. Chance implores Wheeler to stop, as it will draw attention from the wrong people. Wheeler and Chance also discuss Dude; about three years earlier Dude was a top-notch gunman until he "met a girl on the stage" who was no good and they left together. Six months later Dude came back without her, drunk , but Dude has stopped drinking due to the crisis. Wheeler suggests that Colorado could be of assistance but Colorado politely declines, saying he wants to "mind his own business." Feathers leaves a poker game a winner, Chance follows her up to her room and confronts her as a card cheat, with his evidence four missing aces from the deck of cards being used in the game, and a handbill indicating she was wanted for card cheating. Feathers confesses she is the girl in the poster but denies cheating, and challenges Chance to search her for the missing cards. Colorado arrives saying another participant in the game is the real cheat and plans to confront him with Chance\'s acquiescence. Colorado is proven right, and the real card cheat is sent out on the next stage. Chance admits he was wrong but refuses to apologize. As Wheeler is walking back to the hotel, he is shot dead by a Burdette man hiding in the stable. Colorado offers to help but is angrily turned away by Chance who says "you had a chance to get in this and you didn\'t want it." Chance and Dude flush out the shooter, who escapes into Nathan\'s saloon. Dude believes the man had muddy boots, but everyone in the bar has clean boots. To suggest Dude is a drunk who needs a drink, one patron throws a silver dollar into a spittoon. Dude notices blood dripping into a drink on the bar and takes one shot into the loft, killing Wheeler\'s murderer. Dude then gets retribution on the patron who threw the dollar coin in the spittoon by making him go get it. Chance goes back to the hotel to sleep, and unbeknownst to him, Feathers stands guard at the door to keep him safe, then returns to her room when he awakens. Chance asks Feathers why she did that but she does not say. Chance insists that she should leave on the stage coach. Nathan ([[John Russell  later arrives in town with his men, intent on seeing his brother Joe. Dude is standing guard and confiscating all guns before entering town, and Nathan agrees to turn in their guns until they leave. Nathan sees Joe, and after a few angry words between the land baron and Chance, is told in no uncertain terms if he attempts to overrun the jail his brother would be "accidentally" shot before they reached him. Nathan then leaves to visit his saloon, instructing the band there to play the Deguello  non-stop. Carlos says Feathers will not get on the stage coach, and when Chance goes to see her she tells the sheriff that she does not want to leave, then gives Chance a kiss. After Colorado visits the jail to tell Chance the meaning of the song Nathan is playing, Chance gives Dude his guns back  as well as some clothes he left behind. Dude changes clothes and gets a shave, then returns to the jail while Chance and Feathers get better acquainted. Suddenly a shot rings out and Chance races to the jail, only to find Stumpy had shot at a shadow  in front of the jail. Dude and Stumpy exchange angry words, then Chance tells Dude they\'ve been "pampering him too much" and to get some sleep. The next morning, while Dude is standing guard at the town entryway, four Burdette men attack him from behind and tie him up in a stable. Approaching Chance on the street in front of the hotel with a fake injury, they draw guns and corner him , and demand that he release Joe. Inside the hotel, acting on Colorado\'s instructions, Feathers throws a flowerpot through a window a moment after Colorado steps out on the porch, distracting the Burdette men. Colorado throws Chance\'s rifle to him and the two men shoot the four Burdette hands. Chance races down the street, finds Dude tied up in the stable and frees him. Dude, frustrated by his performance and recovering from his extended drunkenness, resigns as deputy. Colorado agrees to join Chance as deputy and then Dude reconsiders quitting after hearing the Deguello song, reminding him why he was there. The group decides to hole up in the jail, as it will take several more days for the United States Marshal to arrive to take Joe to Presidio. Dude and Chance go to the hotel to round up additional supplies, but Carlos and Consuela are captured by Burdette men, and trick Chance into charging down the stairs, falling over a trip-wire. Dude and Feathers also are captured. Chance is given a choice--take the men to the jail to let Joe out, or the men will arrange a trade with Stumpy for Dude and Chance. Dude implores Chance to let Joe out, saying that Stumpy has no food or water to hold out very long. Chance agrees, and three men go to the jail. Dude\'s story was a ruse, as Colorado is with Stumpy and the three of them shoot the three Burdette men. The remaining Burdette men at the hotel take Dude and offer to trade him for Joe. Chance agrees, and the trade is made at a warehouse. But Dude bum-rushes Joe and they scuffle while a gunfight erupts. Dude knocks Joe out and Stumpy  finds some dynamite in one of Wheeler\'s wagons, and throws it at the building Burdette\'s men are in. The exploding dynamite in front of the building causes Burdette to surrender. With the Burdette men in jail, Chance goes to see Feathers who is wearing black tights to work at the hotel. Chance threatens to arrest Feathers, saying that only he should see her in those tights. Feathers takes this as an admission that Chance loves her, and they kiss.'] ["Logger Jim Hadley  and his lumberjack crew are looking for new forest to cut. They locate a prime prospect outside the town of Deep Wells. The residents of Deep Wells led by Laura Riley  are opposed to the felling of the trees, believing that losing them would cause mudslides during the heavy rains. Conflict between the town's residents and the loggers is inevitable."] ["{{Expand section}} An embittered cavalry sergeant must take over his regiment after their commanding officer is killed during an ambush. Vinson is driven by his hatred of Apaches, who were responsible for the death of his wife and children. He and his remaining men, including Travis and McGurney, try to ride 100 miles to the safety of a fort. Along the way they attack an Indian band, despite being heavily outnumbered. Vinson's vengeance knows no bounds, until Travis is ultimately forced to take a stand and confront him.http://www.allmovie.com/work/fort-massacre-92126"] ['Fuzzy  is upset that the ranch hands spend their time and money at a saloon where they lose their money drinking and gambling. Fuzzy decides to buy the saloon to keep an eye on the men and moderate their vices, but a shifty lawyer has other ideas and plans to use murder to get his way.'] ['A reformed outlaw enlists the aid of his former gunslinging companions to defend a small shepherd community from domineering cattle barons.'] ["Cowboy Bob Smith captures notorious outlaw Bob Moore, then learns that Moore's real name is also Bob Smith. Moore convinces Smith to pose as him so that his long-lost sister, who will be arriving to visit him, won't know that her brother is actually an outlaw. Smith agrees, and when the sister arrives, Smith falls for her. Things get even more complicated when he finds out that the outlaw Smith's gang is planning on killing him."] ['{{Expand section}} Lewis Tater , a 1930s-era aspiring novelist who harbors dreams of becoming the next Zane Grey, decides to leave his family home in Iowa to go to the University of Titan in Nevada so he can soak up the western atmosphere. He arrives to find that there is no university, only a mail order correspondence course scam run by two crooks out of the local hotel. He tries to spend the night at the hotel, and is attacked by one of the men. He escapes his attacker and steals their car, pulling over when it runs out of gas. He wanders through the desert and happens upon a threadbare film-unit grinding out "B" westerns called Tumbleweed Studios. He catches a lift with the cowboy actors to Los Angeles. After applying at Tumbleweed, he is referred by crusty old extra Howard Pike  to the Rio, a western themed restaurant. While washing dishes at the Rio, he is called by Tumbleweed, where Howard mentors him to be an actor. After proving himself as a stuntman, unit manager Kessler  offers him a speaking role. Tater then falls in love with spunky script girl Miss Trout .http://www.allmovie.com/work/hearts-of-the-west-21928 Meanwhile his pursuers trace him to Los Angeles to retrieve the safe-box containing their money that was in the car stolen by Lewis.'] ['The plot revolves around two brothers: Mike McCall , and Tim McCall . The brothers own a large ranch in Arizona and sell some of their surplus grazing land to some settlers. When the settlers arrive they find the land bone dry because the McCall brothers have dammed the river and control all the water. Settler John Dawson ([[Steve Clark  and his daughter Connie Dawson  complain to the local sheriff  but the sheriff claims there is nothing he can do. A love interest develops between Tim McCall and Connie Dawson, while simultaneously the settlers try to dynamite the dam and stampede the McCall cattle.'] ["Rayne fights against the Nazis in Europe during World War II, encountering Ekart Brand, a Nazi leader whose target is to inject Adolf Hitler with Rayne's blood in an attempt to transform him into a dhampir and attain immortality.Destructoid – Uwe Boll making ANOTHER BloodRayne movie"] ["A young woman living in  Arapahoe County, Wyoming accidentally kills her very abusive husband. She is put on trial but acquitted. She then incurs the annoyance of her male neighbors by farming sheep instead of cattle and setting up a women's suffrage movement."] ['Tom Steele  is a lineman for a power company. He meets Nancy Brewster , daughter of a rival capitalist. Both companies want rights to a strip of land, the ownership of which is to be claimed by the first to stake it off. Against tremendous odds, and with help of Nancy, whom he rescues from a storm in the mountains, Tom beats Brewster and wins his daughter.'] [" *Broncho Billy Anderson as The Cowboy *Gladys Field as Jennie Lee *Arthur Mackley as Jennie's Father *John B. O'Brien as The Cowboy's Friend *Fred Church *Harry Todd *Brinsley Shaw *Victor Potel"] ['Lyle Swann  is a well-known dirt bike motorcycle racer who is in the desert competing in the Baja 1000, a multiclass vehicle cross-country race. Swann has a reputation for being a great rider but is plagued by technical problems from the high-tech gadgetry he incorporates into his Yamaha XT500 thumper. When Swann accidentally goes far off course, he stumbles across a time travel experiment that utilizes "maser velocity acceleration" to send objects  back in time. Swann rides through the field and gets sent back to November 5, 1875, The scientists soon realize what has happened, but Swann rides off moments before the system can return him to the present. Unaware of what has really happened to him, Swann rides off. While taking a swim break in a local spring, he runs into a gang of outlaws led by Porter Reese . Reese becomes obsessed with stealing Swann\'s "machine", and the outlaws pursue Swann into the small village of San Marcos, but his red suit and dirtbike scare the local Mexicans, who think he is the devil. There, he meets a beautiful woman, Claire Cygne ([[Belinda Bauer , who gives him a safe place to hide and severely wounds one of Reese\'s men. The village priest  compels them to withdraw, but Reese continues to plot the capture of Swann\'s dirtbike. In the village, Swann is seduced by Claire and sleeps with her, but she is later kidnapped by Reese\'s gang as revenge for her shooting and wounding one of them. They also manage to capture the dirtbike, leading to a series of hijinks, while Swann gets help from a posse trying to capture or kill the gang. Swann manages to retrieve his dirtbike and rescue Claire, but the posse\'s leader is killed, and another is mortally wounded and dies later. In a final showdown, Reese\'s band of outlaws faces Swann, the last survivor of the posse, and Claire atop a plateau. When a helicopter shows up  to take Swann home, Reese\'s men run away in fear, but Reese stays behind and fires at the helicopter, killing one of the pilots. The helicopter begins spinning wildly as the surviving pilot tries to maintain control, knocking the dirtbike off the side of the plateau. Reese gets mangled by the helicopter\'s tail rotor, leaving only a pair of bloody boots behind. The helicopter manages to land on the plateau and extract Swann. Just as the helicopter pulls away, Claire snatches from Swann\'s neck a pendant handed down from his great-great-grandmother, who had stolen it from his great-great grandfather as a reminder of "one incredible night they had together." Swann realizes that he is his own great-great-grandfather.'] ["Murphy stars as Reb Kittridge, a wandering hired gun who is hired to kill a rancher . The gunman has also fallen in love with the rancher's daughter . Reb mends his ways by the time Gunsmoke comes to a close.Gossett, Sue, The Films and Career of Audie Murphy, Empire Publishing, Inc., 1996, pp. 47-48."] ['An ex-outlaw is kidnapped and used for his considerable criminal finesse, despite now being on the straight and narrow. It is up to Roy Rogers to rescue him.'] ["Four men stand staring one another down before a shootout. In a flashback one of the gunslingers, The Nomad, shows he shot a man in the Badlands named Milton while he is describing a vision of paradise just beyond the dunes. The Nomad loots through Milton's remains before camping for the night. That night the Nomad dreams of the preacher who sent him into the desert to protect a mysterious city, reminding him to make sure the horse is looked after. The Nomad wakes up realizing that the horse is more important to the mission than he is, and that he was never to see his home again. Rather than kill the next desert intruder, The Nomad conspires with him in faking his own death, which causes the horse to head home, tracked and followed by the Nomad. After the deal is struck, the Nomad goes to stop two more intruders entering the badlands. Now knowing his horse is actually an enemy, The Nomad takes a liking to the two strangers, The Entrepreneur and The Sherpa and chooses to stay with them. After a day of travel and a congenial dinner, they fall sleep around the fire. The Nomad again dreams of the preacher and his warnings. When the Nomad wakes up he finds his horse has vanished. Believing the two new strangers are responsible, he attacks them and ties them up for questioning. He finally realizes the culprit must have been the shady stranger from the day before. Back at the 4-way shootout the tension is building as guns are drawn. The Entrepreneur's flashback shows him standing at a river with his father, discussing the opening of a new monorail station that is currently under construction, leading into the desert Badlands. The next morning the Entrepreneur's father is assassinated by The Criminal, who flees into the desert. That evening, The Entrepreneur and his servant, The Sherpa, are drinking at a bar when a loudmouth begins insulting the The Entrepreneur's father's memory. The Entrepreneur drunkenly beats the patron to death with his pistol. Once he and The Sherpa realize he would be arrested for the crime, they flee into the desert to chase down his father's assassin. Once again, back at the shootout the Entrepreneur reaches for his pistol. This time, the Criminal's flashback shows he was hired to kill the Monorail Tycoon, which he does before fleeing in to the desert. He meets the Nomad, who spares his life so he can fake his own death and leave the Badlands. The Criminal agrees to a deal and consents to meet up with the Nomad in two days. Later, The Criminal spots The Nomad at a campfire with the son of his last kill. He assumes he has been betrayed and steals the horse. Returning to the 4-way shootout, six gunshots are heard and each man falls to the ground, leaving the horse still standing. After the sun begins to set, one man stirs, gets up and follows the horse home."] ['Colonel Carrington  and his command are assigned the job of constructing a chain of forts in the Sioux Indian territory of Wyoming during the 1880s. The Colonel recruits former cavalry soldiers turned frontier scouts Jim Bridger  and "Dakota Jack" Gaines , now running a Wild West Show, to head the fort building. Bridger and Gaines are friendly with Sioux chief Red Cloud  but have reservations about the chief\'s 2nd in command, Afraid of Horses . Both Bridger and Gaines are confident a peace treaty with the Sioux can be made. However, if war breaks out, the cavalry is depending on getting a new type of breech loading Springfield Model 1865 rifle. Gaines, Mrs. Gaines , and Bridger arrive at the fort for the conference. Gaines gets drunk and attempts to intimidate the Indians into signing a treaty. Chief Red Fox threatens war if his territory is invaded by any troops building forts.'] ["United States Marshal Andrew Barclay  arranges the escape of outlaw Tom Tanner  in order to locate the $250,000 in gold stolen by Tanner in stagecoach robbery. Tanner notices he's being followed by Barclay, whose appearance suggests he is a greenhorn. Tanner ambushes Barclay and forces him to trade clothes and accompany him to a bank, where Tanner retrieves an envelope containing a map from a safe deposit box showing the location of the stolen gold. On the road, Tanner and Barclay are stopped by two brothers, Jeff and Bart, who pull their guns and demand the map. To Tanner's surprise, Barclay disarms the brothers and takes their horses. Later he explains that he is a fugitive just like Tanner and proposes that they work together as a team. That night, while Barclay is asleep, Tanner rides on without him. The next day, Barclay stops at a ranch owned by beautiful Karen Galt  and trades his lame horse for a fresh one. He continues on to the nearby town of Twin Forks, which is run by Karen's father, Edward Galt . At the local saloon, Barclay sees Tanner who pretends not to know him. Galt watches their exchange and later questions Barclay about Tanner's stolen gold, which was never discovered following the robbery. When Barclay denies knowing Tanner, Galt orders his henchmen to beat him up. Later that night, Tanner kills an intruder in his room. In an effort to force Tanner to reveal the location of the gold, Galt sets him up, making it look like cold-blooded murder rather than self defense. After being taken to jail, Tanner escapes with the help of Barclay after agreeing to share of the gold. The two men ride out to the old Galt ranch, now used as a pasture for sick horses. When Karen discovers them hiding there, Barclay takes her aside and reveals that he is in fact a U.S. Marshal. Meanwhile, Galt recognizes the escape horses used by Tanner and Barclay as belonging to his ranch. Later he questions his daughter about them, and she reveals Barclay's secret, unaware that her father is after the gold himself. When Karen overhears Galt plotting with his henchmen, however, she realizes that Barclay's life is in danger and rides to the hideout to warn him. One of Galt's men follows her, however, and summons the others to the old Galt ranch. When they arrive, Karen meets them with gunfire, which gives Barclay and Tanner a head start on their escape. Galt catches up with his daughter and has her put in custody while he and the others track Barclay and Tanner to an old mine shaft where Tanner has hidden the stolen gold. During the ensuing gunfight, Galt and his men are killed. Barclay reveals that Tanner was allowed to escape so that the gold could be retrieved. When the mine shaft caves in, Barclay overcomes Tanner and takes his prisoner back to jail. Karen knows he will return to her because he has left his horse in her care."] ['A preacher  witnesses his family and a group of refugees seeking shelter in his church murdered by a gang of ruthless outlaws led by Colonel Cusack . After his wife makes him promise to never seek revenge, he instead becomes a bounty hunter. When he steps in to defend a woman in a saloon, the bad guy and his two friends , give him a beating and toss him into the street. A woman with a "past", named Maggie , takes him in to care for him. He stays in her extra room, but she insists he give up his gun while at her home because she has a daughter. The local sheriff, on Cusacks\'s payroll, is meanwhile trying to run off some squatters. The Sheriff\'s gang attempts to intimidate the squatters, but once The Preacher learns of the Sheriff\'s and The Colonel\'s dealings, he visits the squatters, who tell him they paid for the land but never got the deed. A few days later the Sheriff\'s posse burns down a few of the squatter\'s tents. The Preacher attempts to negotiate peacefully with the Sheriff, and so visits Cusack. Cusack tries to persuade The Preacher to join his mob, which he refuses. The Sheriff then sends a message to The Preacher by having some of his men rough up Maggie. Unarmed still because of his agreement with Maggie, The Preacher catches the gang in the act and overcomes one of the men\'s guns, scaring the men off. The Preacher gets his gun back from Maggie and sets out to visit the Squatters again, and is met by the Sheriff and some of his gang. The Preacher, now armed, tells the Sheriff that the squatters have a right to stay. Gunfire ensues, and The Preacher shoots the sheriff. The rest of the bad guys run off. The Preacher then pays a visit to Cusack for a final showdown, and obtains the deed for the squatters. As he turns to leave, having satisfied his purpose for the visit, the Colonel tries to shoot him, but The Preacher is faster and kills Cusack. The Preacher returns to Maggie and her daughter.'] ['The film opens with three hitmen, Willy, Norwood, and Simms  who are staying in a posh Los Angeles hotel. After failing a job, they take off in a car with a whiny pregnant woman named Velma , who is in on their scheme. They then flee to Mexico to escape the wrath of their boss, Amos Dade , and rob a bank along the way. While driving through the desert, their car breaks down due to Simms having filled the gasoline tank with diesel by mistake. They bury their suitcase of money in the desert and begin to walk. Night falls, and they come upon a town in the middle of the desert, where they see a demolished car with a corpse inside. They then enter an empty bar, where the three men get drunk and Velma angrily pesters them to leave. As they exit the bar, the wrecked car has vanished, but the men are too inebriated to notice it. The group camps out for the night, and the following morning, Velma witnesses several trucks of lively cowboys enter the town, carrying espresso machines with them. Much to the dismay of Velma, who insists they keep a low profile and leave, the three men enter the town, which is now full of townspeople, and go back to the bar. There, they are confronted by a gang of cowboys addicted to coffee, and a shoot-out ensues, but they are ultimately welcomed by the townspeople. The bizarre townspeople include a couple who own a mercantile full of piñatas, a man running a hot dog stand, and countless cowboys and prostitutes, among others. The head honcho of the town, Tim McMahon , invites the gang to a party that evening. The following day, Tim McMahon\'s elderly father is pushed off of a building by his relative Sabrina McMahon  and dies. The entire town has a funeral procession for him, and at the funeral, a friend of Amos\', named Whitey, shows up looking for the hitmen and Velma. The town seizes Whitey for being a "stranger", and accuses him of the murder of the McMahon grandfather. During the burial of the grandfather, his hand comes up out of the dirt and grabs the priest\'s ankle, and the priest shoots into the ground, killing him. Meanwhile, on the gallows, Whitey begins to tell the town the truth about Amos and the hitmen, but is hanged before he can tell his story. A man named I.G. Farben , who claims to be a house manufacturer, enters town with his wife Sonia  and introduces himself to the gang and the rest of the townspeople, advertising his company. The next morning, Simms sees Amos\' car enter the town, and tries to get a drunken Willy and Norwood to leave with Velma. A series of shootouts begin between the townspeople, Amos\' crew, and the hitmen, and I.G. Farben and Sonia provide high-grade weapons for the killers. Tim McMahon joins Amos\' team after having wrongfully hanged Whitey, and everyone begins to turn against each other. As Simms and Willy run into the desert, a shootout ensues with the town priest. They reach the spot where they buried the money, and Simms shoots Willy as they are trying to lift the suitcase out of the ground. Simms then hears Velma laughing, and turns around only to be shot by Velma and one of the townsmen. After Velma shoots Simms several times, the townman with her is shot by Tim McMahon. Tim and Velma then take off arm-in-arm with the suitcase of money, while Simms and Willy die. Meanwhile in town, chaos has ensued, and the town hardware store is set on fire. Amos is shot in the head, and virtually everyone in the town is killed, aside from Norwood and several prostitutes. Tim and Velma leave the town in a truck with the suitcase of money, but accidentally drive off of a cliff when their brakes go out, and die as the car explodes in mid-air. Norwood leaves town with the prostitutes, and the film ends with Farben Oil Company trucks entering the town to drill for oil. The end of the film announces an imminent sequel: Back to Hell, despite the fact that almost every main character is killed at the end of the film. Although the sequel was never made, upon the film\'s DVD release, Cox reassembled much of the cast and crew for a short documentary called Back to Hell, in which they reminisce about the making of the film.'] ['"Boss" Spearman  is an open range cattleman, who, with hired hands Charley , Mose  and Button  are driving a herd cross country. Charley is a former soldier who fought in the Civil War and feels guilty over his past as a killer. Boss sends Mose to the nearby town of Harmonville for supplies. The town is controlled by a ruthless Irish immigrant land baron, Denton Baxter , who hates open-rangers. Mose is badly beaten and jailed by the marshal, Poole . The only friendly inhabitant is Percy , a livery stable owner. Boss and Charley become concerned when Mose does not return. They retrieve him from the jail but not before getting a warning from Baxter about free-grazing on his land. Mose\'s injuries are so severe that Boss and Charley take him to Doc Barlow . There they meet Sue Barlow . Charley is attracted immediately, but assumes that Sue is the doctor\'s wife. After catching masked riders scouting their cattle, Boss and Charley sneak up on their campfire in the night, and disarm them. At the same time, another attack results in Mose\'s death. Button is badly injured and left for dead. Charley and Boss vow to avenge this injustice. They leave Button at the doctor\'s house and go into town, where they lock Poole in his own jail. Boss knocks him out with chloroform he has stolen from the doctor\'s office. The deputies are locked up as well. Charley learns that Sue is the doctor\'s sister, not his wife. He declares his feelings for her, and she gives him a locket for luck. Charley leaves a note with Percy, in which he states that if he should die, money from the sale of his saddle and gear are to be used to buy Sue a new tea set. Boss and Charley are pitted against Baxter and his men. Charley shoots Butler , the gunman who shot Button and killed Mose. A gunfight erupts in the street, with Boss, Charley and Percy outnumbered before the townspeople begin to openly fight against Baxter. After an intense firefight, Baxter\'s men are dead and Baxter ends up wounded and alone, trapped in the jailhouse. Boss rushes the jail, mortally wounding Baxter. Sue\'s brother tends to the wounded townspeople and open-rangers. Charley speaks to Sue in private, telling her he must leave. She counters that she has a "big idea" about their future together and that she will wait for him to return. He does return, and proposes to Sue. Charley and Boss decide to give up the cattle business and settle down in Harmonville, taking over the saloon.'] ['The film begins with Bambino  walking through the desert. He sees smoke from a campfire, and goes to investigate. There he finds four escaped Denver convicts, and steals their beans and horses, after knocking one convict out with a single blow to the top of his head. When the guy awakens he has become addlepated, and that becomes a running gag throughout the film. Next, the film starts the opening credits and the title song, while we see Trinity  on his travois. He wakes up to see the campfire Bambino saw. The convicts are trying to fry more beans. Trinity pretends to be an innocent lackwit, even advising the convicts to try to snap their addlepated companion out of his state by hitting him on the head again. When this doesn\'t work, the convicts decide to punish the "kid" by just "winging" him, but Trinity defends himself by displaying his superior gun skills. Trinity then steals the beans and tricks them into fighting each other to see which one he doesn\'t shoot. He leaves them fighting. The next scene is Bambino at home taking a bath. His father sees Trinity and they both go inside. Bambino is furious to see Trinity because in the last film Trinity had given a thirty-horse herd away. Trinity takes a very quick bath and everyone goes to the table for lunch. Then the four convicts show up and try to attack Trinity and Bambino, but their mother sneaks around from the back entrance and ushers them out with a shotgun. That night, Trinity\'s father has some kind of an attack, and it appears he might not live long. He makes Trinity and Bambino promise to work together. When Bambino leaves the room, it is revealed that his dad was faking it. Bambino is forced to teach Trinity how to be a successful horse thief. They see a wagon with two tired mules who are not moving, and attempt to rob the passengers. But all they find instead is a family with a farting baby and a young girl Trinity falls for. The family isn\'t moving because a wheel broke and they can\'t change it because the wagon is too heavy. Trinity and Bambino end up helping the family, with Bambino doing all the heavy lifting. When Trinity and Bambino arrive in town, they head to the local saloon. Inside, Trinity, Bambino, and two cowboys play a card game with a professional card sharp named Wild Card Hendriks. Thanks to his cardsharping skills, Trinity deals everybody a potentially winning hand. However, his hand is a little bit better, so he wins, and is accused of being a cheater. Trinity and Wild Card get a drink because Wild Card says a bullet hurts less with some alcohol in your system. Bambino  keeps the other two card players from interfering. Trinity displays his extreme speed by drawing his gun, holstering it and then slaping Hendricks in the face, all before Wild Card Hendricks can react. He does this a number of times. Wild Card finally leaves unavenged. He still tries to shoot Trinity from behind, but Trinity shoots him in the hand. Trinity and Bambino buy new suits with the winnings, then run into the family they helped earlier. They lie, saying they are federal agents. Then they go into a restaurant and buy dinners, taking advantage of the deal by consuming huge quantities of food. When they leave, they meet a man who gives them four thousand dollars to "keep their eyes shut," thinking they are federal agents . Then they hide on the side of the road to wait for some horses they can steal, but run into the same family as before. They have a nice little dinner with them and part ways. The two brothers travel to a town called San José. They go into a bar and start a brawl. They arrest some convicts and take them to the local sheriff for the bounty. The sheriff informs Trinity and Bambino that everyone in San José works for the man who paid them the four thousand dollars. The brothers go to the mission, only because the sheriff tells them they should not go there. There they find that the man who paid them off also uses the mission to store stolen loot. The brothers try to trick the local monks into helping him and Bambino beat the outlaws, while actually planning to take the loot for themselves. After a seven-minute long fight, a group of Rangers show up. One of them thinks he recognizes Bambino as a wanted horse thief. To allay his suspicions, Trinity gives the Ranger the stolen loot. The brothers escape and run into the family yet again, as the film ends.'] ['"Cyclone" Tom Saunders, a free-spirited cowboy, is hired by a ranchers\' association to look into a series of cattle thefts, for which they suspect a pair of "nesters". When Saunders discovers that the nesters are an old man and his pretty young daughter and could not be the rustlers, he begins to suspect that Nate Lenox, a bullying ranch foreman, might have something to do with it.'] ["In the town of Red Rock, gun salesman Steve Farrell  demonstrates the new Colt .45 repeating pistols to the sheriff who is impressed that the United States government just ordered two thousand of these powerful weapons for the army. The demonstration is interrupted when men arrive to transfer one of the prisoners to another jail. As he's being led away, prisoner Jason Brett  grabs the pistols, shoots the sheriff, and escapes, pretending that Farrell was his partner. Convinced that Farrell was involved in the escape, the townspeople arrest the innocent gun salesman. I the coming days, Brett initiates a campaign of robberies and cold blooded murder, with regular guns being no match for his Colt .45 pistols. Four months later, Farrell is released from jail due to a lack of evidence. The new sheriff offers him a letter clearing him of the charges if he reveals Brett's whereabouts. Reasserting his innocence, Farrell vows to go after Brett to retrieve his guns. Farrell tracks his prey into Texas and comes across a band of Indians whom Brett has killed to provide cover for a stagecoach robbery. The only surrvivor of the attack, Walking Bear , tells Steve about Brett's plan. As the stagecoach approaches, Steve jumps onto the stage from a rock outcropping just in time to fight off the attack by Brett's gang with his own set of Colt .45s. The only passenger on the stage, Beth Donovan , tries to prevent him from fighting off the robbers. After Brett's gang pulls back and retreats, Farrell stops the stage and notices a white scarf hanging outside the stagecoach window. Believing it to be a signal to the robbers, Farrell suspects that Beth is part of the gang and says he intends to take her to the sheriff. While assisting the wounded stagecoach driver, however, Beth is able to escape on horseback. Farrell does not know that Beth is the wife of Paul Donovan , one of Brett's associates. Beth returns to her home, which is being used by Brett as a hideout. Although she believes that her husband has been forced to work with Brett, he is actually plotting with the killer to take over the nearby town of Bonanza Creek. Unknown to the citizens of Bonanza Creek, Sheriff Harris  is working with Brett and his gang. When Farrell arrives in town, Harris agrees to make him his deputy. Harris then rides out to Brett's hideout and reveals that Farrell is in town. Brett and Harris plot an ambush to eliminate Farrell. Meanwhile, Farrell learns Beth's identity. Harris later encurages him to ride out to her house, knowing Brett and his gang will be lying in wait. As he approaches, Brett's gang ride in for the kill, but Farrell is able to evade the ambush with the help of Walking Bear and his fellow Indians, who capture two gang members. Back at the hideout, Beth overhears Paul plotting with Brett and realizes her husband is actively working with the gang. After she denounces her husband, Paul locks her in a store room. Later, she manages to escape and hurries into town, planning to reveal what she knows to the authorities. Just outside town, Paul tries to stop his wife, and as she rides past him, he shoots her. Hearing the shots, Farrell rides to Beth lying on the ground, takes her in his arms, and rides off seeking refuge with Walking Bear and his people. After being treated for her wound, Beth warns Farrell about Brett's plan to take over Bonanza Creek. Soon after, the Indians discover Paul's body, shot in the back by a .45. When Farrell learns that the Indians intend to go on the warpath, he tries to talk them out of it, but he and Beth are held captive. When Beth escapes to warn the townspeople, Farrell rides after her. Along the trail, Harris and members of the gang set a trap and capture Farrell, but the Indians come to his rescue and kill his captors. Then they ride to Bonanza Creek and quietly go about killing Brett's men in the streets. The injured Harris makes his way back to town to warn Brett, who's holed up in the jail with Beth as his hostage. When Farrell and the Indians arrive at the jail, the cowardly Brett uses Beth as a shield and tries to escape, but Beth breaks away. Farrell enters the jail alone and sees Brett is out of ammunition. He puts down his .45s and the two men fight. During the struggle, Brett goes for Farrell's guns and Farrell shoots him. Afterwards, Farrell walks out into the street and is embraced by Beth."] ['In a large pine forest in the American Southeast called Pine Ridge, a feud is ongoing between cattlemen who want to burn the forest for grazing land, and "turpentiners" who make their living harvesting pine sap. The cattlemen suspect that the turpentiners are rustling their cattle, not knowing that the man organizing the rustling is Len Parker , a cattleman. Arthur Autry is among the cattlemen who believe they should raid the turpentiners and burn them out. Arthur\'s fair-minded son, Gene Autry , opposes the action, and is in love with Milly Baynum , the stepdaughter of the leader of the turpentiners. When Gene warns the turpentiners of the upcoming raid, his good intentions backfire as the turpentiners fight back and his father is wounded. Believing that Gene was fighting against the cattlemen, his father disowns him, and Gene leaves his home. Two years later Gene returns to Pine Ridge as the star of Colonel Frog Millhouse\'s Wild West show. Although glad to see Milly again, Gene is distraught to learn that his father is now destitute after his cattle were secretly stolen by Parker. After paying all of his father\'s bills, Gene learns from Milly that Arthur\'s cattle have been grazing in a distant meadow, and when Gene investigates, he is captured by two of Parker\'s henchmen. Parker orders his henchmen to replace Arthur\'s cattle with his own and take the stolen animals to Fox Canyon. Back in town, Frog waits anxiously for Gene\'s arrival so the show can begin. One of Parker\'s henchmen tells Frog about Gene being captured. Frog is forced to start the show using a double for Gene. Believing that Gene has escaped, Parker orders his right-hand man, Jeff Galloway , to kill him, and Galloway shoots the double. Meanwhile, Gene, who has escaped his captors, arrives back in town and learns about the crime. He tells Sheriff Martin  to meet him at Arthur\'s ranch. When he arrives, Gene discovers that his father is dead, and rushing over to the Baynum cabin, Gene finds Milly\'s stepfather Bayliss has also been murdered. Because Bayliss was bludgeoned with Gene\'s gun, which Parker\'s men had stolen, Sheriff Martin arrests Gene for the murder and takes him to jail. Believing that Gene will be set free because he is a cattleman, the turpentiners arrive at the jail intending to lynch him. Frog, Martin, and Milly prevent the lynching and Gene escapes. He goes to Parker\'s office, where he finds a receipt for the sale of his father\'s cattle. While Gene attempts to take Parker and Galloway to the sheriff, a gun battle between the cattlemen and turpentiners breaks out in the street and Parker, who killed both Arthur and Bayliss, gets away. Gene and his fellow entertainers chase after Parker and his men, and while the show people round up the gang, Gene apprehends Parker who is taken to jail. With the feud now ended, Gene and Milly decide to get married.'] ['In the Oklahoma Territory of the late 1880s, Gypsy Smith  is a gunslinger of African American and Cherokee descent. Smith helps African American homesteaders to settle the territory under the specter of Jim Crow. Meanwhile, a young Native American raised by Whites  must choose between the woman that he loves  or his Cheyenne heritage.'] ['An unnamed narrator tells a story about the history of Texas set one million years ago, when Dinosaur Dan, the eponymous villain, terrorized the state. He rustles all the cattle (brontosaurs with the heads of [[Texas longhorn , and runs off with all the pretty women. The primitive Texans finally corner Dan in his mountain hideout, and cleverly chisel away the outer rock, leaving behind a small rock jail with Dan inside. The final scene shows the jail still standing in modern day Dallas, and reveals that the narrator is really Dinosaur Dan, still in jail and sadly asking "When are y\'all gonna let me out of here?"'] ["Bickford Waner  arrives in Dime Box, Texas to find work. He's befriended by Reese Ford  and his wife Molly . Molly seduces Bickford. Bickford's former girlfriend Janet Conforto  tracks him down and reveals that Bickford is actually a train robber known as Kid Blue. Bickford, who was trying to go straight, returns to his old ways and plots a crime."] ["Clay Lomax gets out of prison after serving nearly eight years. He goes looking for Sam Foley, a bank robber who shot Lomax in the back and left him to take the rap. Foley has a trio of hired guns, Bobby Jay Jones being the fastest and most vicious. Lomax offers an old friend, Trooper, all the money he has in the world, $200, for the name of the town where Foley can be found. A woman named Teresa Ortega has been keeping Lomax's money for him, so he sends for her. When the train arrives, a girl of age 6 called Decky gets off. Lomax learns that Teresa is dead and believes Decky could be his own child. He can't find anyone to look out for her, so Decky accompanies him on the search. Trooper is killed by Foley's men, but with his dying words reveals that Gun Hill is where Lomax needs to go. A woman named Juliana offers shelter to Lomax and the little girl. Jones and his men arrive and take them prisoner. To amuse himself, Jones shoots objects, ala William Tell, off the child's head. Jones shoots one of his partners by mistake, flees, then kills the other. He goes to Foley for his money, but when Foley draws a gun from the safe, Jones is too quick and kills him. Jones is enjoying his money when Lomax gets the drop on him. Lomax forces him to place various objects on his head and shoots them off. In the end, he makes Jones prove just how fast he is supposed to be. Jones is forced to place a cartridge atop his head. He tries to outdraw Lomax but can't and he is shot dead. A relieved Lomax rides back to Juliana and Decky to begin a new life."] ['Clint Tollinger arrives in town, and is recognized as the "man in grey", a gun for hire who had a reputation for cleaning up other towns. After 14 killings in a year are followed by a night shooting and the burning of a house under construction, and the town marshall tells the town council he\'s not sure what can be done, the council hires Tollinger as their new "town tamer". The marshall deputizes Tollinger, then tells him he is on his own. Tollinger begins by warning two known gunmen to leave town. He then begins to disarm everyone in the town. Then in an unseen confrontation he kills the two gunmen he\'d previously warned to leave town. A group of gunmen shoots up a poster warning of the gun ordnance at the edge of town. As they ride in, they yell that they are looking for Tollinger. Forewarned by the shots, he gets the drop on them from the loft of the town stable with a rifle. He orders them to drop their guns and they do so. One trades small talk with him while reaching for a derringer in his hat, but Tollinger shoots him. At a social event, one of the town women advises Tollinger that his job won\'t be finished until the dance hall girls also leave town. She criticizes them for dancing and carrying on, unaware that Tollinger is an old friend to the madam who manages them. But not all is well in their relationship. When Tollinger warns Nelly Bain that her girls also have a curfew, she replies that she knows what happens in a "Tollinger-tamed town". She tells him she and the girls will be moving on further west, and asks him for suggestions. She asks for the name of any town where he won\'t be. But there\'s a hidden history between the two of them, and everything isn\'t what it seems. Two gunmen from a large cattle spread ride into town to tell Tollinger that they\'ve detained Jeff Castle for trying to build a house on disputed land. They appear to have set a trap, inviting Tollinger to the ranch to pick him up, where they will have the advantage. Tollinger arrests the two for carrying guns in town. Some of the town\'s citizens suddenly have second thoughts, worrying that others from the ranch will come in and shoot up the town. But the arrest proves a good tactical move; the other ranch hands deliver Castle into town, trading him for the two prisoners. Nelly Bain tells Tollinger something she\'s kept from him since he arrived in town, that their daughter had died, and Tollinger takes it badly. His patience and calm demeanor suddenly gone, he resolves to clean up the town the quick and dirty way; he burns the saloon, which is owned by Dade Holman, the cattleman who had sent the gunmen. Holman sets up a trap for Tollinger, and rides into town in a surrey to see that it works. Tollinger kills his assailant but is shot by Holman. Castle shoots Holman, and at the end Nelly and Tollinger  kiss and are reconciled.'] ["Link Stuart  is a ruthless outlaw, and co-leader along with Gauche  of a gang of bandits. Link and Gauche lead their gang on a successful train robbery, and discover that one of its cars carries a Japanese ambassador, who is bringing a ceremonial katana  as a gift for President Ulysses S. Grant. Gauche takes the sword, and kills one of the two samurai guards, while members of his gang attempt to murder Link by throwing dynamite into the train car he occupies, then leaving him for dead. The surviving Japanese delegation rescues Link, and the ambassador instructs him to assist Kuroda  in tracking down Gauche so that he may kill him and recover the sword and his honor. Kuroda is given one week to fulfill this task, or commit seppuku. Link reluctantly agrees, but he realizes that Kuroda will kill Gauche immediately, before he is able to extract the location of the stolen loot. Link repeatedly attempts to elude Kuroda, only to be thwarted by the irrepressible samurai. While tracking Gauche's gang, the duo encounter several obstacles, and Kuroda reveals that his samurai values are disappearing as his countrymen no longer value the customs of old. Link gains a measure of respect for the strict bushido code Kuroda follows, and eventually comes to an agreement with the samurai that Gauche will not be killed before he reveals the location of the stolen money. The duo eventually abduct Gauche's woman, Cristina , who leads the men to Gauche and his gang. In the ensuing fight, Kuroda is mortally wounded, and a disarmed Gauche tries appealing to Link's greed. Link decides that the dying samurai's honor is more important to him than learning the location of the stolen money, so he kills Gauche. Just before Kuroda expires, Link promises him that he will return the katana to the Japanese ambassador. He does so, thus preserving Kuroda's honor."] ["One night, Caleb Colton , a young man in a small town, meets an attractive young drifter named Mae . Just before sunrise, she bites him on the neck then runs off. The rising sun causes Caleb's flesh to begin to burn. Mae comes with a group of roaming vampires and takes him away. The most unsociable of all the vampires, the callous and sociopathic Severen, wants to kill Caleb, but Mae reveals she has turned him into a vampire. Their charismatic leader, Jesse Hooker , reluctantly agrees to allow Caleb to remain with them for a week to see if he can learn to hunt and become a trusted member of their group. Caleb is unwilling to kill to feed, which alienates him from the others. To protect him, Mae kills for him then has him drink from her wrist. After Caleb endangers himself to help them during a daylight police raid on their motel, Jesse and the others are temporarily mollified. Meanwhile, Caleb's father  has begun searching for the group while the police are also investigating. A child vampire in the group, Homer , meets Caleb's sister Sarah  and wants to transform her into his companion, but Caleb objects. While the group argues, Caleb's father arrives and holds them at gunpoint, demanding Sarah be released. Jesse taunts him into shooting, but regurgitates the bullet then wrestles the gun away. In the confusion, Sarah opens the door letting in the sunlight and forcing the vampires back. Burning, Caleb escapes with his family and suggests they try doing a blood transfusion to attempt to cure him. The transfusion successfully reverses Caleb's transformation. That night the vampires search for Caleb because he knows their identity, and Homer still wishes to have Sarah for his mate. Mae distracts Caleb by trying to persuade him to return to her while the others kidnap Sarah. After Mae leaves, Caleb discovers the kidnapping and gives chase on horseback after finding his tires slashed. Along the way, he commandeers a tractor-trailer and encounters Severen, whom he runs over. The injured vampire manages to get into the truck's cab, so Caleb jackknifes the vehicle and jumps out as the truck explodes and kills Severen. Seeking revenge, Jesse and Diamondback  pursue him, but are forced to flee in their car as dawn breaks. Not wanting Sarah to become another childlike monster, Mae breaks out of the back of the car with Sarah, getting badly burned by the sun as she runs with Sarah into Caleb's arms, taking refuge from the sun under his jacket. Homer attempts to follow but dies from exposure. Jesse and Diamondback, their sun-proofing ruined, also begin to burn. They attempt to run Caleb and Sarah over with the car but fail, also dying in the process. Mae awakens later, her burns now healed; she has been given a transfusion and is also cured. Together, she and Caleb watch the sunrise."] ['The plot is standard Western B movie fare. The Marshal of Windy Hollow  teams up with a Texas Ranger  to stop a band of outlaws who are preying on innocent settlers and stealing their gold.'] ["In the early 1840s, Wells & Fargo employee Ramsay MacKay  comes upon a broken down carriage in the countryside and gives belle Justine Pryor  and her mother  a lift into Buffalo, New York, though he warns them he is in a hurry to make a delivery of fresh oysters. The ladies endure a very bumpy ride, and he arrives in time to enable his employer, Henry Wells , to impress some bankers with the speed of his service. Wells sends him to set up a branch office in St. Louis, which is quite convenient, as the Pryors reside there. MacKay and Justine begin seeing each other, though her mother disapproves, as does Justine's more socially prominent suitor, Talbot Carter . Impressed with MacKay, in 1846, Wells sends him to open trails to California. MacKay takes along Hank York , a frontiersman who only works when he has to, and Hank's constant Indian companion, Pawnee . Among his many duties, MacKay sets out to transport gold from a mining settlement to San Francisco. One of his customers is prospector Dan Trimball . When Dan expresses his longing for his sweetheart back East, MacKay recommends Wells Fargo's new shipping venture. Elated, Dan sends for his girl. Meanwhile, when MacKay sets out with the gold, he is shot and left for dead by two robbers. Though he recovers, he is threatened by his miner customers, who do not believe he was robbed. Fortunately, he shows them a draft from Wells & Fargo that will cover all their losses. When MacKay and Dan meet the ship in San Francisco in 1851, passenger Henry Wells has a surprise for his star employee: Justine has come too . The happy couple get married. Though their union is strained at times by MacKay being away so often on business, they have a daughter and remain in love. For the birth of their second child, Justine sends her husband to fetch her mother. Then comes the American Civil War. The marriage is strained to the breaking point. Desperately needed gold is sent repeatedly from the west to the Union, but the shipments are intercepted. Wells & Fargo is assigned the task of transporting $2,000,000 in gold. MacKay, chosen to lead the wagon train, meets with President Lincoln , who emphasizes to him how crucial this shipment is. However, Justine and Mrs. Pryor are fervent Southern supporters, and Justine's brother has been killed fighting for the Confederacy. When MacKay refuses Justine's plea to shirk his duty, she overhears the secret route he will take and writes it down. At the last moment, she crumples up the letter, but her mother has no such scruples. She passes the document along without her daughter's knowledge. As a result, MacKay is met by a Confederate force led by Talbot Carter. MacKay wins the battle, but both Talbot and Pawnee are killed. MacKay finds the letter in his wife's handwriting among Talbot's possessions. When he returns to San Francisco, his house is empty. His wife and two children have gone with his mother-in-law. Many years later, MacKay goes east for a dinner in his honor, he has an unexpected visitor afterward: his now teenage daughter Alice ([[Peggy Stewart . She invites him to her seventeenth birthday party, but he declines, as he has to leave on business. However, he cannot stay away. When he enters, he sees his estranged wife and his heart softens. Then he discovers that she was not responsible for the bloodshed, and they are fully reconciled."] ['The film tells the story of Sissy Hankshaw , a woman born with a mutation  giving her enormously large thumbs. The film is a transgressive romp, covering topics from homosexuality and free love to drug use and political rebellion to animal rights and body odor and religions. Sissy makes the most of her thumbs by becoming a hitchhiker. Her travels take her to New York, where she becomes a model for a transvestite feminine hygiene products mogul who introduces her to the man whom she will marry, a staid Mohawk named Julian Gitche . In her later travels, she encounters, among many others, a sexually open cowgirl named Bonanza Jellybean  and an itinerant escapee from the Japanese internment camps happily mislabeled "The Chink" .'] ['The Oil, the Baby and the Transylvanians is the third part of a fairly successful Romanian trilogy about three Transylvanian brothers, their families, and their companions in frontier America, on the Great Plains. Set in the 1880s, the drama, comedy, and perhaps appeal of the film comes from the characters\' difficulty in adjusting to the American rhythm and lifestyle. The youngest of the Brad brothers, Romulus, and his American fiancée, June, are expecting a baby. The wedding celebration is eagerly anticipated by all the family and organised according to ancient Romanian customs. Meanwhile the middle brother John, who is honest, courageous, and fast on the draw, is held in increasingly high esteem by the townsfolk as he faces down a series of bullies and hoodlums, which sets up several gunslinging showdown scenes. Eventually John is elected as sheriff. He hunts these "Wanted" criminals to subsidise Romulus\' decaying ranch Traian, the eldest of the three brothers, goes looking for water for his cattle and passes through the land of the Orbans, who are ironically Hungarian-Transylvanian farmers. The Orbans and Brads forge an important alliance and friendship against outside danger and violence. However, instead of finding water on his land, Traian finds oil. But will the promise of riches corrupt the brothers and tempt them away from their new home?'] ['Connie Dickason  is a blonde and strong-willed daughter of a ranch owner . The father is under the control of a powerful local cattleman Frank Ivey , whom the father once wanted Connie to marry. Connie instead marries a sheep rancher and inherits his land. Later, she gets caught up in a dangerous ranch standoff and begins to fall in love with a ranch hand Dave Nash .'] ['1st Lieutenant Curtis McQuade , a cavalry officer without field experience, is assigned to a remote, understaffed post where he attempts to adjust to this new life under the once-disgraced Captain Maddocks .'] ['Colonel Morgan learns from his Indian scout Bookbinder ([[Ben Johnson  that the notorious bandit Joe Baker  is planning "something big" but is thwarted at learning details. It is revealed that Baker is planning to attack and rob a bandit hoarde just across the border in Mexico. The treasure being well guarded, Baker makes a deal with the scurrilous Johnny Cobb to purchase a gatling gun in exchange for a woman. Baker receives a letter from his fiancé Dover informing him of her imminent arrival, which sets a deadline on the achievement of his "something big." Baker\'s gang holds up a series of stagecoaches, but in each one he is unable to find a woman suitable for Cobb and lets the passengers go unmolested. He is finally able to find a worthy candidate, who turns out to be Colonel Morgan\'s wife Mary Ann. She quickly learns to like Baker because he treats her with respect. The abduction of his wife enrages Morgan, who sets off with a patrol to rescue her and capture Baker. Cobb and sidekick Angel Moon meet the trader Malachi Morton  in the desert to buy the gun, which has been stolen from a federal arsenal. When the trader demands more, Moon hurls his knife into Morton\'s chest, instantly killing him. They take the gun. Before they can meet Baker, however, they are accosted by Morgan and his scout Bookbinder, who agree to let the bandits go if they reveal Baker\'s location. Baker\'s fiancé Dover arrives at the fort and installs herself in Morgan\'s quarters. Hearing of her arrival, Baker agrees to meet her in the desert. She gives him an ultimatum to go home with her immediately or she will marry someone else. The night before the supposed rendezvous with Cobb to purchase the gun, Baker realizes he is in love with Mary Ann. He attempts to kiss her, but she rebuffs him, stating she is love with her husband. Nevertheless, Baker tells Tommy that he intends to take the gun from Cobb without giving Mary Ann to him. Morgan and his scout, with Cobb, Moon and the gun in tow, arrive at Baker\'s hideout. Angel Moon is killed when he attempts to kill Baker. Morgan proceeds to beat up Baker for stealing his wife. He refuses to give Baker the gun, but his wife reminds him that he is now officially retired and no longer has the authority to seize the gun as federal property. Cobb realizes he is not going to get his woman and breaks down. Tommy realizes that there is a solution, namely that a pair of lonely women  would certainly welcome Cobb\'s presence. Cobb proceeds to their house, and although it is across the border in Texas, where he is a wanted outlaw, the women drag him across. Baker and his men assault the bandit\'s town in Mexico, with the help of the Apache allies they have previously paid with whiskey. They are informed that the notorious bandit is now a monk, who greets Baker in a garden. Baker suspects a ruse and pulls open the monk\'s robe, revealing a pistol. A gun battle erupts. The Apaches, who arrive drunk, quickly flee. Baker is able to mount the wagon and goes on a killing rampage, mowing down men by the dozen from the rooftops of the town until the remainder flee. Baker finds the bandit\'s treasure in the town church, but as his men celebrate their riches, he is haunted by his fiancé\'s words and the sight of the crucifix on the wall. Back at the fort, Morgan receives an emotional farewell from his assembled troops. Baker, Dover, Morgan and Mary Ann board the stagecoach to return to the East. As they ride out, Baker\'s men ride alongside and salute him, adorned like kings. Baker climbs out on top of the stagecoach and celebrates with them.'] ['Cattle rustlers Robert Hightower, Pedro \'Pete\' Rocafuerte, and William Kearney rob a bank in the town of Welcome, Arizona, but Kearney suffers a bullet wound and they have to flee into the desert, pursued by the posse of Sheriff Buck Sweet, who puts a bullet in their water bag. They eventually lose their horses in a desert storm and end up walking. In their search for water, they come across a water hole, which has, however, been destroyed by the misguided efforts of a bumbling tenderfoot. In his covered wagon left nearby lies his wife , who is very pregnant and about to give birth. With the help of the trio, she has a boy, whom she names Robert William Pedro after her benefactors. Before dying, she extracts a promise from the baby\'s three godfathers that they will take care of him. Moved by the woman\'s plight, the three desperados uphold their promise despite the acute lack of water. With William wounded from the robbery and the sheriff\'s posse in pursuit, they leave with the baby for the town of New Jerusalem, which lies across a wide expand of desert. After crossing a salt flat, William dies from exhaustion and the effects of his injury; later, Pete falls and breaks his leg. Robert leaves him his pistol, for "protection from coyotes." As he walks away, he hears a single gunshot. Finally at the end of his strength, Robert nearly loses hope, but in his delirium the ghosts of his two friends appear and refuse to let him give up. He finally reaches New Jerusalem and enters a cantina where people are singing Christmas carols, and then collapses right after Buck catches up with him. Robert is arrested, but because of his heroism and refusal to give up custody of his godson in favor of the Sweets , he is viewed by the townspeople as a hero even before the trial comes to its conclusion. In the end, Robert is sentenced to the minimum sentence of a year and a day and, as he leaves to serve his sentence with a promise to return, is given a cordial farewell by the entire town.'] ["Sheriff Sugar Wolf  returns to his hometown after many years to find that it has been taken over by Big Baby Chips , a ruthless gambling tycoon who have run the downtrodden town of Mud Bug with his gang of thugs, which include Raw Stank  and Dusty Poot , since killing Sugar Wolf's father, Grizzly Wolf , and Sugar's brothers. Sugar decides to take over the position his father once held, leading Big Baby Chips to pit Sugar against a series of deadly assassins. Sugar Wolf begins to successfully dispatch of his would-be assassins, winning the approval of the townfolk, begins a romance with Tink , a little person and takes on a deputy, Bucky . After Sugar Wolf jails Raw Stank and Dusty Poot, Big Baby Chips calls in his deadliest assassin, which turns out to be Tink, who, in reality, is a bearded man in drag, Tank , who cripples Sugar Wolf's shooting hand. Dirty Sanchez , a former rival of Big Baby Chips, whose hands had been crippled by Big Baby Chips, trains Sugar Wolf to fight with his other hand. Sugar Wolf challenges Big Baby Chips to a showdown, and guns down the gambler, who reveals himself to be Grizzly Wolf."] ['Matt Colter is a white settler who weds Little Doe, a pregnant Indian woman. Ostracized by the white and Indian community, they are forced to leave and find a new home. For shelter they rebuild a burnt cabin, that unbeknownst to them, is on sacred Paiute burial ground. The Paiutes attack the couple, destroy the cabin, kill Little Doe after she gives birth in the ruins, and kidnap the infant. Determined to find his son, Colter seeks the help of his friend, mountain man Lum Witcher.'] ["Frank Harris  is a Chicago hotel clerk who dreams of being a cowboy and has fallen in love with Maria , the daughter of hotel guest and Mexican cattle baron Señor Vidal . When Señor Vidal finds out, he orders Harris to stay away. Tom Reece  finishes his cattle drive and takes over an entire wing of the hotel, as usual. He makes a deal for Vidal's herd in Mexico. However, when Reece loses his profits in a poker game, Harris sees his opportunity to better himself  - he offers his entire life savings for a partnership in Reece's next drive. Reece accepts. The next morning, when Harris shows up, Reece tries to renege, not wanting to burden himself with an inexperienced greenhorn, but Harris holds him to their deal. As they travel to Vidal's ranch, life on the trail is not what Harris had envisioned. Reece treats him harshly, but he toughens up and Reece starts taking a liking to him. When they reach their destination, Harris is devastated to learn that Maria has been married off by her father to Don Manuel Arriega . When Arriega sees them together, he warns Harris to keep away. During a fiesta, Arriega performs a dangerous stunt, placing a ring on a bull's horn from his horse, and challenges the Americans to do the same. Harris takes up his challenge, but Reece intercedes. Reece confronts the bull on foot so as not to endanger his horse. On the cattle drive back to Chicago, Maria's marriage eats away at Harris. He becomes as callous and hostile to others as Reece had previously been to him. Reece offers some advice, but Harris refuses to listen. However, after Reece saves his life, Harris snaps out of it. At the end of the drive, they boisterously take over part of the hotel where Harris used to work, much to the surprise of his former boss."] ['Buck and the Preacher opens with deep rhythm and blues soundtrack reminiscent of a modern John Wayne Western that was given deep soul and harmony from the 1970’s. The camera then switches scenes into a camp of African Americans who were just freed from slavery and are traveling West for a better life. Suddenly, a band of men on horseback terrorize the camp by burning wagons and tents and killing men, women and children. The leader of these white bandits, DeShay , is wearing an old cavalry jacket hinting at his military past. Buck  enter the scene and dismounts his horse about to walk up to his home. DeShay makes Buck’s wife, Ruth , wave to him as if everything is all right. Buck begins to approach the house and is then engulfed in a firefight between DeShay’s posse. He gets on his horse and flees the scene after being chased by the posse and stops at an apparently empty campsite that has a campfire, food and a horse. A naked man, the Preacher , is washing at the stream below and approaches the campsite to dress, but Buck stops him and steals his horse and breakfast at gunpoint. The Preacher dresses and takes Buck’s horse to the nearest town where he grabs a drink and finds out the location of the nearby camp from an African American boy working at the general store. The Preacher is approached by DeShay and is told that any information leading to finding Buck or bringing Buck in dead or alive will be a five hundred dollar reward. The Preacher is excited about this because he has a good feeling Buck is out by the African American wagon camp the little boy spoke of earlier. Buck returns to the camp to be told by the men that the elder wise man thinks they should continue West and not turn back. The elder is shown using animal teeth and throwing them on a towel, which the audience assumes to be a prediction of the future. Buck agrees to further helping the group when the Preacher appears and punches Buck in the face. Buck agrees to feeding the Preacher and giving his horse back, after which the Preacher must depart and leave their camp. Buck does this because he is fearful of the Preacher’s motives for wanting to stay after he is caught looking at the women folk and wondering where the money was kept. The Preacher leaves the group and stalks Buck when he leaves to make a deal with the Native Americans. The Native Americans pursue the Preacher and Buck bargains with them for protection of the wagon group. The Native Americans are portrayed as shrewd bargainers who constantly haggle for a better deal with Buck. After reaching an agreement, the Preacher has a newfound respect for Buck because of his hard work effort and desire to help the traveling freed slaves. While the two protagonists were negotiating, DeShay and his men strike the camp again and do similar damage. The Preacher turns cheek at this point in the film and stops attempting to corner and kill Buck for the reward because of Buck’s compassion towards the wagon camp. The Preacher tells Buck where DeShay and his men are quartered at and suggests an ambush. Buck agrees to the Preacher’s plan and they ambush DeShay and kill him and most of his men. The sheriff in the town pursues the two, but they make a dramatic escape on horseback. The two then decide with Buck’s wife to rob the bank at the town where they murdered DeShay’s men with hopes of gaining more money for the African Americans in the camp so they have a better chance of surviving the winter West. The three rob the mail office first unsuccessfully and then cross the street and rob the actual bank. The entire scene is a comedy because of the daunting risks being taken while still doing so in a relaxed manner. The sheriff returns during the robbery and chases the three money filled robbers out of town. Buck, the Preacher and Ruth ride hard for the Indian Territory and reach it just in time. The Native Americans are formed in columns on horseback defending their boundary and do not permit entry to the sheriff and the posse. The sheriff continues the search and finds the wagon camp and decides not to attack it. One of the men in the posse suggests they attack the camp to bring out Buck, but the sheriff disagrees arguing that the African Americans did no harm. The man kills the sheriff and orders the posse to attack. Buck approaches the wagon camp and lures the posse away to the mountains. A gunfight ensues and the Preacher is wounded, but the posse is defeated. The Native Americans who said they would not help fight Buck’s battle did send several men to help and ended up being the force that turned the tide of the shootout in Buck’s favor. The movie ends with Buck, the Preacher and his wife riding happily into the prairie.'] ['In 1851, Roy Whitman  decides to transport marriageable women west to join his lonely men, hoping the couples will put down roots and settle his California valley. Roy hires a skeptical, hardened trail boss, Buck Wyatt ([[Robert Taylor , to lead the wagon train along the California Trail. In Chicago, Roy recruits 138 "good women", after they have been warned of the journey\'s hardships and dangers by Buck. Telling the women about his valley, Roy encourages them to pick their prospective mates from pictures he has tacked to a board. Two saloon girls, Fifi Danon  and Laurie Smith ([[Julie Bishop , hastily change their flashy clothes when others like them are rejected. Roy is not fooled by their disguise, but convinced of their sincere wish to reform, he adds them to the group. During the journey, Buck shoots one of his men as punishment for raping Laurie. As a result, all but two of the trail hands desert the wagons in the middle of the night, taking eight of the women with them. This leaves only Ito , the Japanese cook, and Sid Cutler , who has fallen in love with an already-pregnant Rose Meyers , to lead the train. Buck, feeling he cannot continue without more experienced hands, decides the group must turn back. The women refuse to accept his decision. Roy believes that the women can learn to do "a man\'s job", so Buck starts training them. However, the only child in the group is accidentally shot by his own mother during shooting practice. Buck is forced to knock out the distraught woman,  when she refuses to leave her son\'s grave in the desert. The women perform heroically, persevering through many hardships, including a stampede. An Indian attack kills Roy, Sid, and some of the women. Laurie drowns when a rainstorm overturns her wagon, trapping her inside. However, Fifi\'s bravery and determination begin to thaw out Buck\'s attitude towards women in general and her in particular. When the survivors finally reach their destination, the women balk at entering town where their prospective grooms are waiting - until Buck can bring them decent clothing and "pretty things" so that they can look presentable. The men of the valley gather together curtains, tablecloths, Indian blankets, any material they can find, for the women to make into new clothes. The ladies then ride triumphantly into town and pair up with the men whose photographs they carried across country. The happy couples get in line before the preacher. Ito coaxes Fifi to convince Buck to join the line to get married.'] ['The film opens in 1950 with a young attorney talking to an elderly man named Brushy Bill Roberts, who claims that he is William H. Bonney , whom "everyone" knows to have been shot and killed by Pat Garrett in 1881. The majority of the film takes place in flashbacks as the old man recalls his story for the lawyer, who asks if the man has any proof that he is the famous outlaw. Brushy Bill\'s story begins with the remaining Regulators having gone their separate ways. Billy has become part of a new gang with "Arkansas" Dave Rudabaugh  and Pat Garrett . The New Mexico governor has issued warrants for the arrests of those involved in the Lincoln County wars, including Billy, Doc Scurlock , and Jose Chavez y Chavez , who are dragged into town and imprisoned to await hanging. Meanwhile, Billy meets with the new governor Lew Wallace who agrees to pardon Billy if he testifies against the Dolan-Murphy faction. Billy soon finds out that he was tricked into being arrested with no chance of testifying against his old enemies. After escaping, Billy along with the help of Rudabaugh and Garrett, pose as a lynch mob to spring his old comrades from a hanging. When the gang successfully escape Lincoln, Billy mentions the Mexican Blackbird . Garrett decides not to go with the gang and, instead, open a boarding house. As they make a run for the border along with farmer Hendry William French  and 14 year old Tom O\'Folliard , cattle baron John Simpson Chisum and Governor Wallace approach Garrett to offer him the job as Lincoln County Sheriff and $1000 to use whatever resources he needs to hunt Bonney down and kill him. Garrett agrees and, forming a posse, begins his pursuit of the gang. Billy and the gang soon come to the town of White Oaks where they meet up with former companion, Jane Greathouse  who runs a local bordello. Later that night, the town lynch mob comes for the gang and are intent on a hanging. Deputy Carlisle tries to negotiate a deal, "the Indian"  for a safe rideout. Billy refuses the offer and pushes the Deputy out the door, who is then accidentally killed by the lynch mob. Garrett soon tracks Billy to the bordello, but is too late. Billy and his gang are continuously tracked by the posse, narrowly evading capture, but Tom  is soon shot dead by Garrett. As they hideout, Billy reveals that the Mexican Blackbird doesn\'t exist; it was just a pawn to get the gang back together and to keep riding. Doc is angered and tries to leave for home, but he is shot by one of Garrett\'s men and sacrifices himself to enable his friends to escape. Billy the Kid is soon brought back into Lincoln by Garrett and is sentenced to death by hanging. He is visited by Jane Greathouse, who arranges to meet him during his daily outhouse visit, where she gives him a pistol. Billy uses the pistol to kill two guards and escapes to Old Fort Sumner. By the time he arrives, Dave has abandoned the group to make his way to Mexico, and Chavez is dying from a bullet wound. During the night Garrett finds Billy as he is unarmed. Billy asks Garrett to let him hide in Mexico and tell the authorities that he killed him. Garrett declines because he believes Billy would not be able to resist coming back to the United States . Billy turns around, forcing Garrett to have to shoot him in the back, which he does not. In the morning, a fake burial is staged for Billy and Garrett\'s horse is seen being taken by Billy. The film ends with the lawyer being convinced that Brushy Bill is Billy the Kid. The epilogue reveals that Dave was beheaded once he reached Mexico to discourage more outlaws from crossing the border, Garrett\'s book detailing his pursuit of Billy is a dismal failure and he is eventually shot and killed, and despite corroboration from several surviving friends of the outlaw, Brushy Bill Roberts was never credited as being Billy the Kid and he died shortly after. The film ends saying that whether or not Brushy Bill was Billy the Kid remains a mystery. The real Brushy Bill Roberts did in fact go before New Mexico Gov. Thomas Mabry in 1950, but was discredited at a hearing that has been repeatedly criticized for its circus atmosphere. In the years since, historical and forensic evidence of varying degrees of credibility has emerged on both sides of the debate over the true identity of Brushy Bill Roberts. Could he possibly in fact have been Billy the Kid? The issue has never been conclusively decided, although the majority of academic historians now tend to discount Robert\'s claims. However, the debate will probably continue for a long time to come, as no irrefutable evidence that Roberts was not the Kid has emerged, and without that some will always be willing to believe that it is at least a possibility. The Brushy Bill story is another fascinating mystery of the Old West era.'] ["A well-known lawman and scout of the 19th Century's western frontier, Wild Bill Hickok  has drifted to Deadwood, Dakota Territory. Jack McCall  is a young man whose mother and family have been slighted by Bill in the past, and is out for revenge. Troubled by his on-again, off-again relationship with a woman called Calamity Jane , haunted by the ghosts of his past, and struggling with failing eyesight, Wild Bill faces with grave concern the arrival of this dangerous newcomer to town."] ['To extract revenge on the men who killed her family, Selina Stevens  enlists the aid of Frank Allison , a bounty hunter, in teaching her the art of gunfighting.'] ['{{Anchor}} The setting is the American West, late 19th century. A gang of bank robbers led by Graham Dorsey  is off to rob a small-town bank, but Graham is having second thoughts: he\'s had a nightmare in which the gang was wiped out during the robbery attempt. Worse, Graham\'s horse broke down and the gang members have to get another. They try at the ranch of the widow Amanda Starbuck . Amanda, suspicious of the men, denies having a horse. Graham checks out the barn and finds a horse, but still afraid of disaster, he lies to his men and agrees to wait three hours at the ranch for their return . It turns out he has another reason for wanting to stay behind though: he wants to force himself on Mrs. Starbuck. Amanda resists rather inventively; simply lies still, fully clothed. This frustrates Graham, who decides on a ruse. He pretends he is impotent, hoping to play on Amanda\'s sympathy. The deception works, and they make love three times. As time passes, Graham and Amanda have a long, thoughtful discussion talking of their past lives, as well as their hopes and ambitions . They even dance to Amanda\'s music box , with Graham wearing Mr. Starbuck\'s old tuxedo. A neighbor boy stops by to tell Amanda about an attempted bank robbery. The bank robbers from Graham\'s gang were caught and were going to be hanged in town that afternoon. She thinks Graham should ride out and help them. Graham thinks this is a way for him to be able to stay with her and get away from the gang. After much coercing he decides to play along and rides out, intending only to have a long nap. But this is shattered when the posse rides into sight, spotting Graham and giving chase. Graham eludes them when he comes upon a traveling dentist, exchanges clothes with him at gunpoint, and steals his horse and wagon. The unfortunate Dr. Finger is taken for Graham and shot dead. The posse, recognizing Mr Starbuck\'s horse and tux, bring the body back to the Starbuck ranch. Amanda, seeing what she thinks is Graham\'s body  faints. But Graham does not get away clean: it turns out Dr. Finger was a quack, and the first person Graham encounters after his escape was one of Dr. Finger\'s dissatisfied customers. He is put into prison on a year-long sentence for Dr. Finger\'s crimes. At first Amanda is ostracized by the townspeople. But an impassioned speech proclaiming her true love for him does a remarkable trick: the townspeople not only forgive her, they see a remarkable story in that of Graham and Amanda. This story forms the basis of a legend, one that spawns a popular book , dime novels, a stage play, and even a popular song. The legend of Graham and Amanda becomes bigger than the reality of the two, and with her book a worldwide best seller it makes Amanda a wealthy woman. Graham, who reads the book while in prison, is amused by the distortions. Graham is described as being 6\'3" , Southern, and very handsome; he is, in fact, none of these. After serving his time he is eager to renew his relationship with Amanda. A disguised Graham takes one of Amanda\'s guided tours of her ranch, and stays behind, intending to reveal himself. When he does so, Amanda does not recognize him and becomes frightened. It is only when Graham shows her "something that\'s not in the book" that Amanda believes him.  But instead of joy, Amanda is confused and worried. If word got out that Graham was alive, the legend of Graham and Amanda would be done for. Even Graham\'s suggestion that he live with her incognito is no good; after all, if Amanda were to live with another man, the legend would still be destroyed. The encounter ends up with Amanda pointing a gun at Graham... but at the last second she decides to shoot herself. Graham is heartbroken. Not only has he lost Amanda, the secret of his real identity is lost for good. He tries to forget what has happened, but there are reminders everywhere. He hears "their song" at a local saloon, and walks in on a stage production of From Noon Till Three. Worse, people he knew slightly laugh when he says he is Graham, since he looks nothing like his description in the book. At the end he is arrested and put in an insane asylum, where he meets the only people who believe him: his fellow inmates. He seems relieved.'] ["Set after California's Statehood but before the War Between the States, Roy Rogers is working for a wealthy Spanish family. One of their men is secretly betraying the arrival of targets of opportunity to a group of Anglo American bandits but puts the blame on Roy. The film has several unusual sequences such as having several scenes shot on a beach and having bandits after a giant sphere of gold. There is only one mention made of Caliente, California."] ['The story is based on the requirement of Spanish land owners in California to register their lands before a deadline and the chicanery practiced by some to prevent registration.'] ["The film begins in a small village named Ramgarh, which is home to ex-policeman Thakur Baldev Singh . He summons an old colleague and requests him to track down a pair of small-time thieves he had once apprehended in the line of duty. Though the two petty criminals Veeru  and Jaidev  are notorious, the Thakur feels that they would be the ideal men to help him end the tyranny of Gabbar Singh , an infamous dacoit wanted by the authorities for a {{INR}}50,000 reward. After scenes show how the three fought together during a train robbery attempt, and how the criminals often get in and out of jail, and often settle their differences with a coin toss, Veeru and Jai are found and brought to Ramgarh. They are told by the Thakur that they are to hand over Gabbar alive to him for {{INR}}20,000, plus the {{INR}}50,000 reward. Three of Gabbar's enforcers arrive in Ramgarh to collect supplies from the defenseless villagers, but they go back empty-handed due to Veeru and Jai's intervention. In Gabbar's camp, the tyrant interrogates the three about why they were defeated by only two men. His psychotic nature is shown when he subjects his men to a game of Russian roulette, but eventually they are shot dead. Gabbar attacks Ramgarh during Holi, and in a tough battle, Veeru and Jai meet their match and are held at gunpoint. With his two recruits facing death, Thakur has a chance to throw a gun to Veeru. Instead of helping, he stands watching. With quick thinking, Veeru and Jai manage to save their lives. They then state their intentions to leave the villagers to defend themselves, due to the Thakur's cowardice. Before they can leave, Thakur tells them the real reason of why he wants Gabbar, and why he could not help them. Some time ago, Thakur had caught Gabbar and had him imprisoned only for him to escape and plot an evil revenge. Gabbar made his way to the Thakur's home and killed most of his family. The only person to survive this massacre was Thakur's younger daughter-in-law, Radha . Thakur tracked down Gabbar, but this time the tyrant held the upper hand due to his gang, and cut off both of Thakur's arms. Thakur had hidden this disability from Veeru and Jai, but now it was clear why he could not physically help them in the first place. Feeling sorry for Thakur, Veeru and Jai decided to forget the reward, though Jai swore on his word to Thakur that he and Veeru will bring Gabbar alive as promised. Living in Ramgarh, the cynical young Jai and lively Veeru find themselves growing fond of the villagers, especially two girls. Veeru is attracted to Basanti , a feisty, talkative young woman who makes her living by driving a horse-cart. Jai is drawn to Radha, Thakur's reclusive widowed daughter-in-law, who returns his affections but not overtly. Basanti and Veeru are captured and Jai follows. The three escape, but Jai is wounded by a gunshot, and with the bandits still following, they hide behind a rock at the foot of a bridge, due to shortage of ammunition. Jai orders Veeru to go back to the village with Basanti, and then return with some ammunition. Veeru, even though unaware of Jai's wound, hesitates, insisting that Jai return to the village instead, upon which Jai suggests that they resolve the matter by tossing a coin. The toss, as always seems to happen, is in Jai's favor, and Veeru heads back to the village with Basanti. Jai, slowly dying with only a few bullets remaining, manages to fend off advances by the bandits, and kills most of Gabbar's men. After failing in most of their advances , in one last attempt, the bandits throw a stick of dynamite, which lands on the bridge near him. Realizing he has only one bullet remaining, Jai blasts the bomb with that last shot from close range , so that the bridge blows up and the dacoits are unable to enter the village and catch Veeru before he could return safely. In the process, he sacrifices his own life for his friend's safety. Veeru returns to find Jai dying, and immediately wants to take him back, but Jai refuses. He sadly says on missing Veeru's marriage, and telling stories to Basanti's and Veeru's children. Some of the villagers rush to the scene, including Radha, who once again has to endure the anguish of losing someone. Veeru then notices Jai's coin lying on the ground, and, upon examination, discovers that both sides of the coin are same, and realizes that Jai has sacrificed his life for him and had cheated him on every coin toss, including the one that resulted in his demise. Veeru goes after Gabbar in a rage. He catches Gabbar, and almost beats him to death, when the Thakur appears and reminds Veeru of the promise to hand over Gabbar to him alive. Veeru is thinking about breaking the promise and killing Gabbar, when he is reminded that the promise was made by Jai and not him. Veeru tells Thakur that the only reason for him doing so was because it was Jai who made the promise, and leaves. Thakur then advances towards Gabbar, revealing spike-soled shoes, intended to torture and kill Gabbar who begs for life. Thakur severely assaults Gabbbar, destroying his hands, and finally pushing him to a post with protruding spikes, and achieving his vengeance. The film ends with Veeru, after Jai's funeral, leaving on a train. However, as he boards, he sees Basanti in one of the seats. As they embrace, the train steams off, with Thakur watching. <ref namehttp://homecinema.thedigitalfix.co.uk/content.php?contentidSholay  Region 0 DVD Review |accessdatethedigitalfix}}<ref namehttp://im.rediff.com/movies/2001/feb/07anu.htm |title7 February 2001 |work27 September 2010}}"] ['The film follows the events leading up to the capture of Geronimo in 1886. The Apache Indians have reluctantly agreed to settle on a U.S. Government approved reservation. Not all the Apaches are able to adapt to the life of corn farmers, and one in particular, Geronimo, is restless. Pushed over the edge by broken promises and unnecessary actions by the government, Geronimo and 30 other warriors form an attack team which humiliates the government by evading capture, while reclaiming what is rightfully theirs.'] ['Drylanders is set in Canada at the turn of the century. Daniel Greer  returns home after the Boer War to find city life not to his liking. Instead,he opts for the life of a wheat farmer. At first, his farm is prosperous, but he becomes victim to a nationwide drought. He struggles to keep his farm afloat, but dies before he could see the end of the drought. His wife continues her husbands work on the farm.http://movies.msn.com/movies/movie-synopsis/drylanders/'] ['The Zacharys are a thriving and respected family on the Texas frontier. Father Will Zachary was killed by Kiowa Indians, leaving his oldest son Ben  as the head of the family. Both Ben and his mother Mattilda  are very protective of the Zachary\'s adopted daughter, Rachel , while her other brothers, Cash  and Andy , treat her as they would any sister. The family is supported by their closest neighbor, Zeb Rawlins , whose shy son Charlie  wants to marry Rachel. Ben, long aware that she is not actually his sister, loves Rachel and is reluctant. Ranchers from all around gather to prepare for a cattle drive to Wichita, Kansas. An old man believed to be crazy, Abe Kelsey , hides in the brush nearby after claiming that Rachel Zachary is an Indian. Ben and Cash, believing the story to be a vengeful lie, try to kill Kelsey. They manage to unhorse him but he soon steals a horse from them. A small group of Kiowa appears one night, led by Lost Bird, offering to trade horses to Ben in return for Rachel, claiming that he has been told by an old white man that she is actually his sister. Soon after, the Kiowa kill Charlie while he is returning to his ranch from courting Rachel, and in her grief Charlie\'s mother accuses Rachel of being a "dirty Injun". Ben leads the ranchers in tracking down Kelsey and bringing him back to the Rawlins ranch be hanged as a horse thief. With a noose around his neck, Kelsey tells the gathered ranchers that, on a retaliatory raid against the Kiowa led by himself and Will Zachary, he found a baby and was about to kill it when Will, sick of all the killing, intervened and took the baby for his own. Kelsey claims that his own son was captured by the Kiowa and demanded that Will return Rachel in exchange for his son, but was refused. Ben tells them that Kelsey\'s son was actually killed the fighting, but that Kelsey refused to believe it, inventing the story as justification for vengeance against the Zacharys. Kelsey followed them from town to town, poisoning the minds of people wherever they moved. Mattilda reacts to Kelsey\'s rant by striking the horse Kelsey is on, causing him to be hanged. This convinces Zeb of the truthfulness of Kelsey\'s story, and he and all of the ranchers turn their backs on the Zacharys. Back at their own homestead, Mattilda admits to her family that Will had taken the Kiowa baby and brought it to her to replace an infant daughter they had just lost. Cash, unable to deal with his sister being a "red-hide nigger," abandons the family. The Kiowa return in force, demanding Rachel, who tries to save her family by going over to the Kiowa. To stop her from doing so, Ben deliberately breaks the truce by killing a Kiowa to force a fight to the finish. Mattilda is killed during the fighting that follows. Just as the family, almost out of ammunition, is about to be overwhelmed, Cash returns and turns the tide. Rachel, protecting a wounded Andy and aware that Ben loves her, is confronted by her Kiowa brother but kills him, thus choosing sides once and for all. {{cquote}}'] ['Tom Logan is a rustler experiencing hard times. He and his gang are particularly upset by the hanging of a friend by Braxton, a land baron who takes the law into his own hands. Logan\'s men pull off a daring train robbery, only to lose much of the money. They decide to seek vengeance against Braxton by killing his foreman Pete Marker and by buying a small property close to Braxton\'s ranch, then rustling his stock. First the gang, without Logan, rides off across the Missouri River and north of the border to steal horses belonging to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. In their absence, Logan plants crops and enters into a relationship with Braxton\'s virginal daughter, Jane. Braxton is obsessed with both his rustling problem and his daughter. He sends for Robert E. Lee Clayton, a notorious "regulator" who, for a price, will take care of rustlers personally. Clayton arrives with a fancy wardrobe, a perfumed scent, an Irish brogue and an 1859 Creedmoor rifle with which he is deadly accurate from a very long distance. Quickly suspicious of Logan, who doesn\'t strike him as a farmer, Clayton dons a variety of disguises and begins to pick off Logan\'s gang, one by one. Identifying himself as "Jim Ferguson," he kills Logan\'s young friend Little Tod by dragging him with a rope through the raging Missouri. Clayton spies on Logan with binoculars and taunts Braxton about his daughter\'s affair with a horse thief. Braxton attempts to discharge him but Clayton is determined to finish what he starts. He amuses himself by shooting two more of Logan\'s partners, Cary and Cy, from a distance and then by wearing a "granny" dress while brutally killing Logan\'s closest friend, Cal, with a handmade weapon. Logan knows it\'s kill or be killed. He also wants vengeance against Braxton for having hired the regulator in the first place, despite his feelings for Jane. One night after a campfire goes dark with Clayton serenading his horse, Logan slits his throat. He then comes after Braxton, who has lost his mind as well as his daughter. He pulls a weapon on Logan and is shot in the chest. Logan abandons his farm and packs up to leave. He acknowledges to Jane the possibility that they can renew their relationship another time, another place.'] ['Set in Mexico under the rule of Emperor Maximilian I, Sabata is hired by the guerrilla leader Señor Ocaño to steal a wagonload of gold from the Austrian army. However, when Sabata and his partners Escudo and Ballantine obtain the wagon, they find it is not full of gold but of sand, and that the gold was taken by Austrian Colonel Skimmel. So Sabata plans to steal back the gold.'] ["Johnny and girlfriend Frankie are performers on a Mississippi River riverboat, which also has a casino. Johnny is a compulsive gambler who is down on his luck and in debt. Johnny and his friend Cully, a musician and composer, visit a gypsy camp to get his fortune told. A lady reads tea leaves and tells Johnny that he will soon meet a red-haired woman who will bring him luck. Back on the boat, Johnny and Cully promptly encounter Nellie Bly, their boss Clint Braden's on-again, off-again girlfriend. Nellie has just caught Braden seducing another singer, Mitzi. Since she has red hair, Nellie is persuaded by Johnny to touch his chips for luck. After he wins, Johnny is convinced that the gypsy must be correct. Frankie finds out and becomes jealous, as does Johnny's boss. In a bit of musical theatre, Frankie shoots Johnny for dancing with Nellie Bly while singing Cully's new song. A Broadway recruiter sees the riverboat show and buys the rights to this new song, suggesting that Frankie and Johnny should work together with him in New York. Landing in New Orleans, the musical cast and riverboat crew attend a masked ball. Frankie, Nellie and Mitzi each rent the same Madame Pompadour costume. Johnny is eager for the luck of redhead Nellie to win more money, contrary to Frankie's expressed wishes. Being masked and in costume, Frankie and Nellie scheme to switch places to test Johnny's lucky-redhead theory. Johnny wins ten thousand dollars at a roulette wheel, but when he kisses the woman he believes to be Nellie, he discovers the switch. Frankie is furious. She throws the winnings out the window. Blackie, a dim-witted stooge who works for the boss, hears Braden drunkenly complain about how he has lost Nellie. Thinking he can be of help, Blackie switches the blank cartridge in Frankie's stage gun for a real bullet. The boss tries to prevent the impending disaster, but arrives at the theatre too late. Frankie has shot Johnny for real. Frankie forgives his gambling as the love of her life appears to be dying on stage. Johnny then stands up, apparently unhurt. Johnny was saved because the bullet struck a lucky medallion he was wearing that Frankie had given him."] ['Matt Brown inherits a cattle ranch which he discovers is deep in debt. He goes on a cattle drive to raise money.'] ["In 1865 Australia, the two Marston brothers, bold Dick and sensitive Jim, are drawn into a life of crime by their ex-convict father Ben and his friend, the famous cattle thief Captain Starlight . They help take some cattle their father and Starlight have stolen across the country to Adelaide, where it is sold with Starlight impersonating and English gentleman. The two brothers take their share of the money and go to Melbourne. On board ship they meet the Morrison sisters, greedy Kate and nice Jean, who are romanced by Dick and Jim respectively. They read that Starlight has been arrested, and return home, where they and their father narrowly escape arrest. The brothers are then reunited with Starlight, who has left prison, and join him and some other men in robbing a coach, in which a trooper is shot and killed. Dick and Jim go to the gold fields to make enough money to escape to America. There they are reunited with Kate, who is married but is still interested in Dick, and Jean, who Jim marries. Just as the brothers are about to leave to start a new life, Captain Starlight and his gang  arrive to rob the local bank. During the robbery several people are killed by Starlight's gang , including a child. Jim Marston is captured by locals and is about to be lynched but it rescued by a trooper who comes to arrest him. Dick rescues Jim from the trooper but is killed in the attempt. Jim hides out with Starlight and his father but misses his wife too much and goes back to see her. Starlight and Ben Marston are killed in a shoot out with police. Jim Marston is arrested."] ['When American schoolteacher Harriet Winslow  goes to Mexico to work as a governess for the Miranda family, she becomes caught up in the Mexican revolution. Mexicans transporting her from Chihuahua actually belong to a unit of Pancho Villa\'s army. They use her luggage to smuggle weapons to the servants at the Miranda hacienda, who in turn aid the attacking revolutionary army of General Tomas Arroyo . During the attack, a sardonic "Old Gringo," who is really American author Ambrose Bierce , joins in the fighting on the side of the revolution, operating the track switch that ensures a railroad flatcar laden with explosives reaches its target. After the Miranda hacienda is taken, Winslow becomes romantically smitten alternately with Bierce and Arroyo. Bierce has come to Mexico to die in anonymity, feeling that his fifty years as a writer have won him praise only for his style, not for the truth that he\'s tried to tell. Arroyo, by contrast, has returned to the hacienda where he was born. His father was actually a Miranda who had raped his peasant mother. Later, in his youth, Arroyo murdered his father. While his army enjoys luxuries they have never known on the war-damaged but palatial Miranda estate, Arroyo becomes obsessed with his past and, transfixed by childhood memories of his family buried there, fails to move his army when ordered by Villa. To snap Arroyo out of his fixation, thus averting a mutiny of his officers, Bierce burns papers that the illiterate Arroyo considers sacred—papers that supposedly entitle the peasants to the hacienda land. But Arroyo responds by shooting Bierce in the back, killing him. Bierce dies in Winslow\'s arms. Winslow later goes to the U.S. embassy in Mexico to claim Bierce\'s body and bring it back to the United States, saying that it is that of her long-lost father. This puts Villa in a predicament because a U.S. citizen was murdered by one of his generals. So, wishing to avoid American meddling in the revolution, he has Winslow sign a statement that her father had joined the revolution and was executed for disobeying orders, as was General Arroyo who had shot him, and that she witnessed both executions. She signs the statement, is provided with the coffin bearing Bierce\'s body, and witnesses the execution of Arroyo.'] ["A cowboy meets up with a bandit gang. Taken captive, he is rescued by a man called Don Carlos, and together with a young woman named Lolita, they join forces to stop the gang's upcoming raid and bring them to justice."] ['Hopalong and his sidekicks are Texas Rangers who set out to find how 25 Mexicans have disappeared after being hired by the "Silver Bullets" mine. They ride into town and find that the mine owner is a one-man government, played by Russell Simpson as "Orestes Krebes". Hopalong and his friends are arrested on trumped-up charges and are tried before a kangaroo court and sentenced to swing but not until after lunch. With the help of the girl, they escape, free the captive mine workers and together defeat the evil gang.'] ["After years of backing away from criminals and gunfights, one resident of the small western town of Firecreek decides to fight back. Part-time sheriff Johnny Cobb  decides to avenge the death of a young man against gunmen led by Bob Larkin . Cobb has a lot on his mind, particularly with his wife Henrietta  is about to give birth. He is a peace-loving farmer whose childishly made sheriff's badge is practically an honorary one. Larkin's men ride into town and disrupt the peace. Earl , Norman , and Drew  run roughshod over the local citizens and Larkin has no inclination to stop it, despite Cobb's requests. Larkin is more interested in getting to know an attractive widow named Evelyn . The only person in town willing to help Cobb is a slow-witted stable boy named Arthur ([[Robert Porter . When the boy is murdered by Larkin's men, a terrified and outgunned Cobb decides to stand up to them alone."] ["Two old friends, Matt Morgan  and Craig Belden , now find themselves on opposite sides of the law. Belden is the de facto ruler of the town of Gun Hill, a rich cattle baron. Morgan is a U.S. marshal living in another town with his Native American wife  and young son, Petey. Two young drunken cowboys rape and murder Morgan's wife while she is returning with their son from a visit to her father. The boy escapes on one of the killers' horses, bearing a distinctive, fancy saddle. Morgan sets off to find the killer. His one clue is the saddle, which he recognizes as belonging to Belden. Assuming it was stolen from his old friend, Morgan travels to Gun Hill to pick up the trail, but once there he quickly realizes that Belden's son Rick  is the killer. Belden refuses to turn over his son, forcing Morgan to go against the entire town. He vows to capture Rick and get him on that night's last train from Gun Hill. Rick is taken prisoner and held at the hotel. Belden sends men to rescue his son, but Morgan manages to hold them off. In the meantime, Belden's former lover  decides to help Morgan. She sneaks a shotgun to his hotel room. The second rapist, Lee, sets fire to the hotel to flush out Morgan. Morgan presses the shotgun to Rick's chin on the way to the train depot, threatening to pull the trigger if anyone attempts to stop him. Lee tries to kill Morgan but shoots Rick instead. Morgan then kills Lee with the shotgun. As the train prepares to leave, a devastated Belden confronts Morgan in a final showdown and is gunned down."] ['Dan Morgan witnesses the bloody massacre of Chinese on the goldfields and turns into a robber. He is arrested and sent to prison for six years where he is tormented and raped by guards. He is let out on parole and becomes a bushranger, befriending an aboriginal, Billy. Morgan fights against the vicious Superintendant Cobham and is eventually killed.'] ['Texas cowboy, Lincoln Costain , gets "shanghaied" in San Francisco, then jumps ship and washes ashore on the Hawaiian island of Kauai, right into the arms of widow Henrietta MacAvoy  and her son  who are struggling to make a living as farmers. A lot of wild cattle often trample their crops, so Costain gets the idea to start cattle ranching instead. The Hawaiian farm hands don\'t readily take to the American cowboy culture, and Calvin Bryson , is a banker with eyes to grab Henrietta\'s land and maybe Henrietta herself.'] ['Federal marshal Len Merrick  and his two deputies rescue cattle rustler and murder suspect Tim "Pop" Keith  from a lynch mob headed by grieving rancher Ned Roden , whose beloved son was shot in the back. Merrick insists on taking Keith to Santa Loma to stand trial. The other ranchers are unwilling to go against a marshal, but Roden vows to administer his own brand of justice. He sends his other son, Dan , to gather his ranch hands while he attends to the burial. Merrick offers to help, but is met with implacable hostility. After Roden leaves, Merrick finds a pocket watch. Keith suggests that they spend the night at his home, as it is nearby. Merrick accepts, but has cause to regret his decision when Keith\'s daughter Ann  ambushes them. Fortunately, Merrick is able to disarm her with no harm done. When they leave, Ann decides to go with them. After he is warned of Roden\'s intentions by fellow ranchers, Merrick decides to take an unexpected desert route, where he can see if he is being trailed. The ploy fails, however, and the party is overtaken by Roden and his men. In the ensuing gunfight, Merrick\'s best friend and deputy, Billy Shear , is wounded. Merrick forces Roden to go away by capturing his son Dan. As they travel on, Billy dies. Merrick and Ann start falling in love. The marshal reveals that his unswerving devotion to duty is because the one time he neglected it, it cost his father his life. He was a deputy to his marshal father, and refused to help escort two prisoners. All three were lynched. Ann sympathizes, but warns him that her first loyalty is to her father. Meanwhile, Dan convinces the remaining deputy, Lou Gray , to help him escape by the bribe of a ranch. When the group reaches a waterhole, only to find the water undrinkable, a disagreement breaks out. All but Merrick want to head to a river half a day to the south. Worried because the river is on the Mexican border, Merrick insists on continuing on to Santa Loma. Gray quickly draws his gun, but Merrick is faster on the draw and shoots it out of his hand. Now, he has three prisoners. After two days without sleep, an exhausted Merrick drops from his horse. Keith grabs his gun, but is unwilling to shoot. When Gray goes for his rifle, Keith kills him, then hands the gun back to Merrick. Keith is tried in Santa Loma. Merrick tells the jury that he is sure Keith is not a killer, but all the evidence and witnesses are against him, and a guilty verdict is reached. However, just before Keith is to be hanged, Merrick notices that the watch he found has an inscription to Dan. Confronted with the proof that he killed his own brother, Dan draws his revolver and grabs Ann as a shield. When his father approaches him, Dan kills him and tries to flee on horseback, but is shot in the back, just like his brother, by Merrick.'] ["The fictional love story between Emily Hudson , the daughter of the wagon train's pastor, and Jonathan Samuelson , the son of the local Mormon bishop, plays out against the build-up to the tragedy itself. The movie begins with the deposition of Mormon leader Brigham Young . The Fancher party is then depicted crossing Utah on its way to California. The party encounters a group of Mormon militiamen, who advise them to move on. Bishop Jacob Samuelson  defuses the situation but is disturbed that the Fanchers have a woman wearing men's clothing and are delivering racehorses to California to be used in gambling. He is also upset that some are from Missouri, whose inhabitants he blames for the death of Joseph Smith and for persecuting Mormons. He instructs his sons Jonathan and Micah to keep an eye on them. A scene follows where the pastor for the Fancher party  praises God for their deliverance, while Bishop Samuelson thanks God for delivering the gentiles  into their hands for divine punishment. As the Mormon leadership prepares to defend Utah from an attack by the federal government, Samuelson's son, Jonathan, develops a relationship with the daughter of the pastor, Emily. At the direction of Brigham Young, local Mormons are directed to massacre the gentiles using their allies, the Paiute Indians. By pointing to a rival Indian tribe as their mutual enemy, John D. Lee , the adopted son of Brigham Young, convinces the Paiutes that it is God's will to kill the migrants. Jonathan objects to the plan, which his father has just conveyed to the local Mormons, and is imprisoned by his father. Jonathan has become disillusioned by the Mormon faith not only because of the planned massacre, but because of what he allowed to happen to his mother. In a flashback earlier in the movie Jonathan remembers that his mother was ordered away by a senior religious leader who took her as is his wife; she returned to get her children, for which she was executed in full view of Jonathan and his father. The Fancher party repels the Indian attack, and the local Mormons are forced to complete the mission themselves. The Mormon militia under the command of John D. Lee is ordered to kill anyone who is old enough to talk. John D. Lee offers to lead the Fancher party to safety; however, they lead them instead to an ambush where they are all killed. Escaping his imprisonment, Jonathan arrives too late to save them and his lover, Emily, who is killed by his father. John Lee is executed for his role in the massacre in 1877 and Brigham Young denies any knowledge or involvement."] ["Running from his pursuers, Cat Stevens  hides in a circus where Thomas  is working. Cat manages to escape, but Thomas' son is killed by a murderous gunman. Seeking revenge, Thomas searches for Cat, and then together go to meet with Hutch Bessy  and his mute friend Babydoll. Here Cat explains to Hutch the situation in which their friend Sharp is found. A gold mining community is oppressed by a criminal organisation who claim the gold and property for themselves when a yearly visit from the Judge arrives. Aided by Mami's circus, the four manage to finish off the criminals and inform the judge of the situation."] ['While crossing the desert, a frontier scout, Jess Remsberg , rescues Ellen Grange  from a pursuing band of Apaches, and returns her to her husband, Willard Grange . The couple have been on the move since two years before, when Ellen Grange had been kidnapped by Apaches and rescued. The townsfolk treated her as an outcast because, in captivity, she had a child by an Indian warrior. Jess is searching for the murderers of his Comanche wife. He travels to Fort Concho to obtain information from the town marshal. On the way there, he is contracted to act as a scout for an Army cavalry unit of twenty-five inexperienced soldiers bringing horses, ammunition, and supplies to the fort. Willard, Ellen, and her infant son are along for the ride, as is horse breaker Toller , a veteran of the 10th Cavalry . As Toller was contracted to provide broken horses suitable for riding, he is paid only for the horses already broken and will accompany the party breaking his horses on the way. The commander of the detachment, Lt. "Scotty" McAllister, a highly experienced former sergeant, will give Toller receipts to paid at Fort Concho. The party is trapped in a canyon by Chata, an Apache chief and grandfather of Ellen\'s baby. Willard is captured and tortured mercilessly. Jess sneaks away and brings reinforcements from the fort just in time to save the day. At the fort, Jess had learned that the man he has been hunting is none other than Willard Grange, out for revenge for what was done to his wife. He finds Willard, tied to a wagon wheel and barely alive. When Willard begs him to put him out of his misery, Jess gives him his pistol and leaves.'] ["Dan Hammond returns to Texas after the war, as does brother Neil, who simply wants to run a small ranch. Dan's ambition is to build an empire the way ruthless Cord Hardin has. Hardin's wife, Lorna, begins to have romantic designs on Dan as he becomes a powerful figure, rustling horses and buying up land. Dan is making many enemies, too, and when Neil becomes a lawman in Austin, a showdown between the brothers is inevitable."] ["Langley Barnes  goes to the North Country after being abandoned by his wife. There he falls in love with Christine Garth , and though he is not legally divorced, marries Christine. Captain Churchill  is posted to the area to build a radio transmitter, and after returning to the United States, marries Langley's wife, who has now obtained a divorce. After Churchill alerts Barnes with a radio transmission, Langley remarries Christine in a legal ceremony."] ['The story of Ned Kelly and his gang. A policeman comes to arrest Dan Kelly, which results in him being shot and Ned Kelly going on the run with his gang. They rob several banks but are captured and killed at the Glenrowan Hotel.'] ["Quincy Drew  and Jason O'Rourke  travel from town to town in the south of the United States during the slavery era. Drew claims to be a down-on-his-luck slave owner who is selling O'Rourke as a slave. Drew gets the bidding rolling, sells O'Rourke, and the two later meet up to split the profit. O'Rourke was born a free man in New Jersey and is very well educated. The twist comes when O'Rourke is sold to a slave trader who is very savvy and intent on taking him down south to make a profit."] ['Tenderfoot Burton and his wife join forces with an old prospector to search for the rich gold strike of which the old-timer claims to know. Along with a couple of no-account gunslingers, they ride deep into the mountains to find the gold, unaware that the treasure is guarded by an all-female tribe of deadly, beautiful, and topless Indians. {{cite web}}'] ['The film is based on the story The Curse of Capistrano written by Johnston McCulley, originally published in 1919, which introduced the masked hero Zorro. The story is set in Southern California during the early 19th century. The plot deals with Don Diego Vega , the apparently foppish son of wealthy ranchero Don Alejandro Vega , who returns to California after his education in Spain. He is horrified at the way the common people are mistreated by alcalde Luis Quintero . Don Diego adopts the guise of El Zorro , a masked outlaw who becomes the defender of the common people. Meanwhile, he romances the Alcalde\'s beautiful niece, Lolita . He simultaneously flirts with the Alcalde\'s wife Inez , filling her head with tales of Madrid fashion and culture and raising her desire to move there with her corrupt husband. In both his guises, Don Diego has to contend with the governor\'s ablest henchman, the malevolent Captain Pasquale . The film features a climactic duel between Zorro and Pasquale. Rathbone was known already in Hollywood as an outstanding classical fencer, but Power\'s own excellent skills are displayed here for the first time. The duel is ornate and full of subtlety, as opposed to Rathbone\'s duel with Errol Flynn in The Adventures of Robin Hood, and the duel in The Mark of Zorro is considered by many movie buffs{{weasel-inline}} Staged by Hollywood\'s resident fencing master Fred Cavens and atmospherically shot by cinematographer Arthur Miller and director Rouben Mamoulian, the scene takes place in a single room and forces actors to fight rather than jump around in the scenery. In key shots, Cavens\' son, Albert, doubles for Power . Scenes of fast fencing were undercranked to 18-20 frames per second, requiring that all the sound for the scene be post-synchronized. Rathbone suffered two scratches on his forehead during its filming, and later said of Power, "He could fence Errol Flynn into a cocked hat."'] ['After the end of the Civil War, Confederate army captain Justice Cain  retires from the military. He becomes a farmer and lives a peaceful life with his son, Jody  and his new wife, Angie , the biracial ex-slave of Cain\'s former father-in-law. Unbeknownst to Cain, a group of six soldiers previously under Cain\'s command , Ameson , Billy-Joe , Tucker , Farrette , Mason, and Crawford, has recently been released from a Union prison. The former Confederate soldiers have become a roving band of homicidal highway robbers, and their ultimate goal is to re-form a squadron led by Cain and renew attacks upon Union targets. The men find Cain and tell him of their plans, but when Cain refuses to join them, tells them that the "Old South" is dead, and derides their unrealistic plan to attack the north, they become enraged, attack him, and tie him up. Ameson, the leader of the group, rapes Angie while Cain watches helplessly. Billy-Joe, the most deranged and volatile of the men, attempts to rape her afterwards, but she fights him off. Fuming about what he perceives as Angie\'s sexual "rejection" of him, Billy-Joe kills her. Cain then screams insults at Billy-Joe, who shoots both Cain and Jody, killing the little boy instantly. Realizing that Billy-Joe\'s uncontrollable rage has set them on the path of no return, the men attempt to cover their tracks by burning down Cain\'s farm, but they leave unaware that Cain is still alive. With the help of Preacher Simms , a bible-quoting bounty hunter, and Rita , a former prostitute , Cain systematically tracks down and kills the men. However, Cain becomes increasingly sadistic with each killing, and Simms begins to question whether Cain is more interested in achieving justice or indulging his own bloodlust. After killing most of the men, Cain finds Billy-Joe and shoots him in the crotch several times, so that he dies a slow, excruciatingly painful death. This disgusts Simms and Rita, and they abandon Cain. Cain then sets out alone to kill Ameson, the last surviving member of the gang. However, Ameson is captured by Union soldiers and executed by firing squad before Cain can reach him. Cain, now alone in the world and robbed of the satisfaction of killing the man who raped his wife, sinks to the ground and weeps in despair.'] ["Clark goes out West to visit his daughter and son-in-law. During his visit, Kathy, the infant daughter of Willie and Missie, dies. A ruthless land baron and mayor, Doros, hires Willie as town sheriff, since grief-stricken Missie has quit her job as schoolteacher and the LaHayes need the money. Doros uses Willie as sheriff to try to evict ranchers that have fallen behind on payments. Missie helps one family by selling most of her most prized possessions, including the gold locket her mother gave her. During this time, Doros' daughter, Colette, begins to like Willie and Missie's adopted son, Jeff. Collette is an eastern-schooled girl who is home from school on break. Jeff is a well-read young man who must take over for Willie on the ranch. Colette visits the ranch frequently and helps Jeff with his chores. Jeff also visits her at Doros' ranch. Doros secretly discovers this, but does not let on. As Collette prepares to leave for school, she and Jeff share a kiss. Her father lays a trap for Jeff using the unwitting Colette. Upon her departure, Doros charges Jeff with horse theft and demands that Willie arrest his own son. Doros swears that Jeff stole the horse, but Willie produces Colette, whom Doros thought left for school on the stagecoach. In the end, Clark realizes that his daughter Missie is in great hands with her husband, Willie and returns home."] ["Buck Sawyer's friend, Sheriff Simpson, will lose his job if he doesn't catch the notorious bandit known as The Juarez Kid. Buck sets out to help Simpson catch the outlaw and keep his job."] ['"Bad" Bascomb  is a notorious outlaw wanted by federal marshals after outwitting every group sent to capture him. He and fellow bandit Bart Ramsay , a cold-blooded killer, join a Mormon wagon train heading to Utah to elude the marshals. They pretend to be helpful, and Bascomb becomes fond of an admiring little girl played by O\'Brien. Beery eventually distances himself from the other thief and saves the wagon train from an attack by Indians, before being taken captive by the law at the end of the movie.'] ["In 1848, after the end of the Mexican–American War and with the advent of California statehood, an American gunslinger named Hatfield Carnes  kills a Mexican man in California. He is arrested for the murder by Jim Ellison , a former United States marine and now sheriff with neither a gun nor a badge. Appointed by prominent local businessman and politico Don Roberto de la Madrid , Ellison has designs on de la Madrid's spoiled daughter, Elena . By the book Judge Millard Isham  arrives in town with Deputy Marshal Ben Stroud  to conduct the trial. Wanted tough guy Lee Hearn  has problems of his own with the law, but is willing to help Ellison as a deputy. Carnes is then placed on trial in the new Mexican Cession territory with the Hispanic populace waiting to learn if American justice will convict Carnes."] ['A lone gunman travels to the town of Yuta, which is run by the warring clans of the white-colored Genji and red-colored Heike. After ignoring requests from both clans to join them, he is given shelter by a woman named Ruriko, who takes care of her mute grandson Heihachi. Ruriko tells the gunman that many years ago, the town prospered in gold mining until both clans fought over the gold and drove away the population. The Heike-aligned sheriff tells the gunman that in the midst of the chaos, a Heike man named Akira married a Genji woman named Shizuka and lived peacefully with their son Heihachi, until Heike leader Kiyomori murdered Akira in cold blood, rendering Heihachi mute from the trauma. Seeking protection for her son, Shizuka became a prostitute for the Genji. Since then, Heihachi has been tending to a trio of red and white roses, waiting for the day they bloom. Later that day, the gunman wins a challenge from the Genji henchman Yoichi to have Shizuka for the night. Before he proceeds with her, he is told by Genji leader Yoshitsune that he is reminiscent of the legendary female gunslinger Bloody Benten. Later, Shizuka warns the gunslinger that Yoshitsune sent some men to retrieve a new weapon for Yoichi to use on him. The gunslinger tells Shizuka to take her son and leave town tomorrow. The next morning, following a tip-off from Shizuka, the sheriff informs Kiyomori of the Genjis\' plans. The Heikes ambush the wagon, with Kiyomori acquiring a gatling gun stored inside a coffin. Meanwhile, as the Genjis race toward the wagon raid, Ruriko, Shizuka and Heihachi are fleeing from town when Shizuka runs back to save the roses. She is mortally shot through the heart by Yoichi. The gunman attempts to intervene, but is forced to drop his guns before being tortured by the Genji thug. Ruriko\'s servant Toshio suddenly appears and throws a gun at her before she guns down Yoichi and his henchmen - thus revealing herself to be Bloody Benten. In retaliation for the wagon raid, the Genjis blow up the Heikes\' fortress. While the native doctor Piripero tends to the gunman\'s wounds, Ruriko has Toshio retrieve some guns from the elderly Piringo, who reveals to him that he trained her to be a gunslinger and Akira was their son. Ruriko plans to settle the score with the Genjis once and for all by planting a chest loaded with gold nuggets in the middle of town as bait. The Genjis take the bait and are gunned down by the gunslinger and Ruriko while the surviving Heikes make their way back to town. Ruriko takes down the Heikes and Kiyomori, avenging her son\'s death, but is fatally shot by the sheriff, who in turn is shot down by a mortally wounded Toshio. The sheriff is then impaled with a tombstone cross by Piripero. The gunman and Yoshitsune square off in a final showdown, with the Genji leader deflecting the gunman\'s bullets with his katana. But when Yoshitsune slices the gunman\'s revolver, the gunman reveals a Derringer under his left sleeve before delivering the killing blow. After burying their loved ones, the gunman takes a fistful of gold from the treasure chest, telling Heihachi that the rest is his. As he rides off through the snow, Heihachi looks at the roses and slowly utters, "Love". The ending text reveals that a few years later, Heihachi travels to Italy and becomes the gunslinger known as "Django". No one knows if the roses have bloomed.'] ['Jack McKee and Cecil Colson are a couple of young, restless rustlers. Jack has turned his back on his wealthy family and his wife. Cecil is a Native American who is a sharpshooter with a long-range rifle. Together, more out of boredom than anything else, they have begun rustling cattle, cutting them up with a chainsaw and paying bills with fresh meat in lieu of cash. Equally bored are wealthy Montana rancher John Brown and his wife, Cora. They once ran a beauty parlor in Schnectady, New York, but now they have bought up most of the land in this corner of Montana. Cora is so bored that she tries to catch the eye of her husband\'s dim ranch hands, Burt and Curt but she can\'t seem to work up much interest on their part. The rustling of his livestock lights a fire under Brown, who sends Burt and Curt up in a helicopter to try to catch the thieves in the act. Jack and Cecil continue to single out Brown\'s cattle, even kidnapping his $50,000 prize bull, Basehart of Bozeman, for ransom. Brown decides to call upon Henry Beige, said to be the scourge of rustlers everywhere. A legendary stock detective who once served time on a prison farm for rustling, Beige turns out to be a feeble old fool who doesn\'t seem to be interested in anything except watching TV and being waited on hand and foot by his niece, Laura, who is almost sickeningly sweet. Jack and Cecil are feeling cocky, so much so that when Burt and Curt figure out that they must be the rustlers, Jack and Cecil bribe them into a scheme to steal a semi-truck full of John Brown\'s cattle. Curt, however, has fallen head over heels in love with the luscious Laura, even though she still mistakenly calls him Burt. She is nowhere near as innocent as she seems, as she proves in a sexual encounter in the woods. Burt intends to use his rustling profits to take an expensive vacation in Mexico, but Curt has chosen to propose marriage to Laura. Henry Beige\'s ineptitude and uninterest in identifying the rustlers is infuriating to Brown, who angrily fires him. A distressed Laura explains to Curt that she needs to take care of her uncle and therefore will be leaving with him, unable to marry Curt. Curt decides to help Henry catch the rustlers instead. Henry proceeds to do exactly that, making a show of it before the town\'s citizens. Burt and Curt are also arrested, Curt coming to realize that Laura\'s sweetness and love for him was all an act. Henry Beige comes to Brown to say goodbye, nonchalantly accepting his payment because he says he\'s in it now simply for the sport. Brown can see now that Henry is shrewd, not doddering at all, and Laura is a sexy, all-business woman, not innocent in any way. Jack and Cecil end up sent to the Montana State Prison Ranch at Deer Lodge, presumably the same prison where Henry Beige served time in his youth. They spend their days on horseback, seemingly no more or less bored than they had been before. The final scene shows the two rustlers riding under a sign reading "Rancho Deluxe".'] ['In San Francisco, well-known sportsman Kay Hoog announces to a club that he has found a message in a bottle with a map drawn by a Harvard professor who has gone missing. The map tells of a lost Incan civilization that possesses an immense treasure. Hoog immediately plans an expedition to find it. But Lio Sha, the head of a criminal organization known as the Spiders, is determined to get the treasure for herself and plans a rival expedition.'] ['Some years after his dangerous ride down the steep mountain to capture the Brumby herd and regain the Colt from old "Regret", Jim Craig , now with a large herd of mountain-bred horses of his own, returns to his home vicinity to take up with his girl, Jessica Harrison . She is still smitten with him, but opposition from her father  remains as resolute as ever. Further, she also has a rich would-be suitor endeavouring to court her, Alistair Patton , son of the banker from whom Harrison is seeking a large loan. Before he returns from Harrison\'s property to his home, Jim meets an army officer seeking quality horses for the remount service on a regular basis. As the young Patton realizes Jessica\'s affections remain for Jim, and that she doesn\'t "give a damn" about him , he jealously and maliciously recruits a gang to steal Jim\'s horses. Jim gives chase and in so doing again rides his horse down the steep mountainside. Patton shoots at him; the horse is killed and Jim is injured but manages to recover and resume the pursuit. As Jim had earlier let the wild stallion which led the brumbies loose into the wild again, in a twist of fate, the stallion shows itself from the wild at this crucial moment, and Jim finally trains this horse that has been the enigma of the entire district for decades. As he breaks him in and learns to ride him, they become friends, and together, they catch up to Patton and his gang. Jessica\'s father has also relented during this time, seen \'the light\' and eventually joins with Jim and his \'rough-rider\' friends to hunt down Patton and his gang. Jim Craig gets and wins his man-on-man duel with the chief \'villain\', Allistair Patton, and Harrison gives his final approval for Jessica and Jim\'s alliance and the couple marry.'] ["{{Expand section}} This is the true story of Indian agent John Philip Clum  as told by Clum's son in the 1936 biography Apache Agent. The film begins in 1874, as Clum, an Eastern government representative, arrives in San Carlos, Arizona. He is sent to try new approach to peace with Apaches based on respect for autonomy rather than submission to Army. He faces suspicions from the white settlers, the Army and the Indians, especially Geronimo. An Indian widow, Tianay  falls in love with Clum, despite the fact he is engaged to Mary Dennison . Clum is helped by his Irish American friend, Tom Sweeney ."] ['When infamous hired gunman John Gant  arrives in the small town of Lordsburg, Arizona, the locals are terrified by his reputation and surprised by how young he is. Although Sheriff Buck Hastings would like to arrest Gant, he points out to the townsmen that Gant always coerces his rivals to draw their gun first, allowing him to kill them legally in "self-defence." While the men in the town speculate anxiously about Gant\'s target, Luke Canfield , the town blacksmith and doctor, greets Gant and is totally unaware of Gant\'s reputation as a hired gunman. During his first meeting with Gant at the smithy, Luke demonstrates his perfect aim with a maul. Luke proudly takes Gant on a tour through town and agrees to join him later for a game of chess. At home, Luke\'s fiancée, Anne Benson, tends to her father, Judge Benson, who suffers from consumption. Luke\'s father Asa joins them for dinner, during which Buck arrives to warn Luke to stay away from Gant. Asa cautions Buck not to condemn Gant prematurely, but Buck is reluctant to accept his advice and reveals that he feels he will be powerless against Gant\'s superior gun skills. Later, mine owners Earl Stricker and Thad Pierce assume that their partner, Ben Chaffee, has hired Gant to kill them in order to take sole ownership of the mine. When they find Gant in the saloon and propose a counter-offer, however, Gant observes that no innocent man would be afraid, and turns them away. Upon hearing that Stricker and Pierce were seen talking with Gant, Chaffee assumes that they want to kill him. He questions Luke about Gant, and after Luke fails to calm him, the physician walks through town, noting that the townsmen are all hiding behind guns and locked doors. While clerk Lou Fraden and his wife Roseanne discuss their certainty that her ex-husband has sent Gant to kill them, Luke confronts Gant, asking him why he has come. Impressed with Luke\'s bravery and integrity, Gant explains that he believes that Luke, who saves the lives of men "who deserve to die," is less ethical than he. While they talk, a panicked Pierce shoots himself in his office and dies later that night. After this, Luke accuses Gant of murder. When Buck tries to throw Gant out of town, Gant refuses to leave. When the sheriff pulls a gun on Gant, Gant shoots him in the hand and renders him useless. As to why Gant didn\'t kill him, the gunman explains it was because no one was paying him. Later, Judge Benson advocates using vigilante law to throw out Gant, but after Luke protests, suggests sacrificing the one man Gant is after in order to save the rest of the town. Meanwhile, Fraden, emboldened by alcohol, confronts Gant, who calmly encourages him to draw his gun. At Luke\'s urging, Fraden flees, leaving Luke to demand fruitlessly that Gant leave town. Next, Stricker gathers the townsmen to challenge Gant, and although Luke disapproves, he agrees to lead them, hoping to minimize the possible violence. Gant, angered to see Luke backed by a mob, warns the men that if they shoot him he will still live long enough to kill Luke, Reeger, Asa, Stricker and several other town leaders. The men disband silently. Later, Luke confesses to Judge Benson that he likes Gant, and the judge warns him that Gant\'s viciousness is a progressive disease that he cannot cure. In the store the next day, Gant approaches Anne and questions her about her home life, but will not reveal his target. At the same time, the judge speculates to Luke that if the hunted man refused to defend himself, Gant could be legally arrested for murder, but Luke declares that no man could die without fighting. Soon after, Chafee and his men begin a shootout with Stricker which results in the death of many men. Sickened by a situation that he can not deal with, Sheriff Hastings takes off his badge and drops it on the street. Anne, who has grown suspicious about her father the judge, reads a letter locked in his drawer that reveals a past crime. Realizing the likelihood that Gant has been hired to kill her father, she goes to Gant\'s room with a gun. Gant bluffs her that her gun is unloaded and then easily takes it away from her. Anne declares that the judge will not defend himself, prompting Gant to rip off a piece of the upper part of her dress. There is more than one way to make a man pick up a gun. Gant goes to the judge\'s home and tells him that his "friends from back East send their respects". The old man admits his past guilt and tells Gant that he knows enough to send himself, the governor, and several other wealthy and powerful men to prison, but all they have to do is wait and nature will do Gant\'s job for him. Unfortunately, his old associates are impatient. Of course, the Judge refuses to fight. Gant then shows him the piece of Anne\'s dress and implies that he has raped her. The old judge is angered enough to grab a rifle and follow Gant outside. The old man has severe coughing and fires a wild shot before collapsing on the porch steps. Luke arrives and sees Gant with his gun drawn and assumes that Gant shot the old man. Luke starts to throw a hammer at him, but Gant shoots him in the right shoulder. As Gant is walking away toward his horse, Luke uses his left arm to throw a hammer. Just as Gant turns around, he is struck in the upper part of his gun arm and breaking it so that Gant can no longer shoot. As Gant laboriously mounts his horse, Asa tells Luke that the old man was not shot. Luke offers to tend to his arm, but Gant replies that "Everything comes to a finish" and rides away.'] ['Quick Gun Murugun is an unlikely superhero (played by Telugu star Dr. [[Rajendra Prasad  a South Indian Tamil cowboy whose duty is to protect the world against arch villain restaurant owner, Rice Plate Reddy , who wants to create the ultimate non-vegetarian dosa! The movie revolves around adventures of Quick Gun Murugun along with his love to-be Mango Dolly (played by [[Rambha  and Locket Lover . Murugan is a typical vegetarian cowboy who made himself into Quick Gun Murugan. The cowboy has to do something good for the world so he believes that vegetarianism is the need of the hour. Quick Gun Murugun enters into a battle that spans time and space, from a small south Indian village to Heaven and then finally to cosmopolitan Mumbai across 25 years. He is torn between Mango Dolly who loves him secretly and his first love Locket Lover and his loyalty is put to the test. Mango Dolly gets hit by a bullet and while dying, she expresses her love to Murugun. Realising that he too loves Mango Dolly, he tells her that he loves her and she can "stay with him". Finally, Quick Gun Murugun is able to succeed in his mission by defeating Rice Plate Reddy.'] ['John W. "Jack" Burns  works as a roaming ranch hand much as the cowboys of the old West did, refusing to join modern society. He rejects much of modern technology, not even carrying any identification such as a driver\'s license or draft card. He can\'t provide an address because he just sleeps wherever he finds a place. As Burns crosses a highway into town, his horse Whiskey has a difficult time crossing the road, confused and scared by the traffic. They enter town to visit Jerry . She is the wife of an old friend, Paul Bondi ([[Michael Kane , who has been jailed for giving aid to illegal immigrants. Jack explains his dislike for a society that restricts a man on where he can or can\'t go, what he can or can\'t do. After a violent barroom fight against a one-armed man in which he chooses to use only one arm himself, Burns is arrested. When the police decide to let him go, he deliberately punches a cop to get himself arrested. He is immediately sentenced to a year in jail, which allows him to see Bondi with the goal to help him escape. The town is a sleepy border town and the cops are mostly bored, occasionally dealing with minor offenses. The Sheriff has to compel them to pay attention to their duties at times. During the course of the story, the seemingly unrelated progress of a tractor-trailer truck carrying toilets, driven by Carroll O\'Connor, is intercut with the principal events. Joining Bondi in jail, Burns tries to persuade him to escape. He tells Bondi he couldn\'t spend a year in jail because he\'d probably kill someone. Burns defends Bondi from the attention of sadistic Deputy Sheriff Gutierrez , and the deputy picks Burns as his next target. During the night they saw through one of the jail\'s bars using two hacksaw blades Burns hid in his boot. The deputy summons Burns from his cell in the middle of the night and beats him. Upon returning to his cell, Burns tries to persuade Bondi to join him in escaping, but Bondi has a family and too much at stake to become a fugitive from the law, so he refuses to go. Burns breaks out by himself and returns to Bondi\'s house where he picks up his horse and some food from Bondi\'s wife. After the jail break, the Sheriff learns that Burns served in the military during the Korean War, including 7 months in a disciplinary training center for striking a superior officer. He also received a Purple Heart and a Distinguished Service Cross with oak leaf clusters for his valor during battle. He heads for the mountains on horseback with the goal to cross the border into Mexico. The police mount an extensive search, with Sheriff Johnson  and his Deptuty Sheriff Harry  following him in a jeep. A military helicopter is brought in to help find Burns. When the air crew locates Burns, they relay his location to the Sheriff and attempt to bring Burns in. Whisky is repeatedly spooked by the helicopter and other modern noises. Burns shoots the tail rotor of the aircraft, damaging it and causing the pilot to lose control and crash land. Deputy Gutierrez also chases Burns. He sees Burn\'s horse and thinks he has Burns fixed in place. He is preparing to shoot him when Burns sneaks up on him and disarms him, knocking him unconscious with the his rifle butt. Burns leads his horse up impossibly difficult, steep, rocky slopes to escape the pursuit, but the lawmen keep on his trail, forcing him to keep moving. Surrounded on three sides by lawmen closing in, his horse refuses at first to climb a steep slope. They finally surmount the crest of the Sandia Moountains and escape into the east side of the mountains, a broad stand of heavy timber with the lawmen, including Deputy Gutierrez, shooting at him. The Sheriff acknowledges that Burns has evaded their attempts to capture him. Burns is shot through the ankle during his dash to the timber. Burns appears to have escaped the law and his trackers late at night when he tries to cross Highway 66 in Tijeras Canyon during a heavy rainstorm. His horse is spooked, confused by noise of the traffic and blinded by the lights. The truck driver with a load of toilets, his vision impaired by the rain, strikes Burns and his horse as they attempt to cross the road. The sheriff arrives and is asked if Burns is the man he has been looking for. The sheriff says he can\'t identify him because he\'s never seen the man he was looking for up close. Whisky, who is seriously wounded, is killed by Harry with a gunshot. The Sheriff and his deputy Harry head home, and Burns is transported from the scene in an ambulance. The movie closes with a view of Burn\'s cowboy hat swamped by rain in the middle of the highway.'] ['In 1889, the site that will become Perfection Valley is home to the town of Rejection Valley. The inhabitants are completely dependent on the income from a nearby silver mine, and when a hot spring causes Graboid eggs to hatch, the mine becomes too dangerous to work. The mine\'s owner is Hiram Gummer, great-grandfather of Burt Gummer . Hiram is a direct opposite of his descendant: he is a cold, lofty, well-mannered businessman with no experience in weapons or in any physical activity whatsoever . He arrives in town to fix the problem, but finds he is in way over his head dealing with the monsters, which they have dubbed "Dirt Dragons"  when they attack his camp one night. One of his companions, Juan, kills one with a pick-axe and they barely get away. Hiram calls for a gunfighter, Black Hand Kelly. He promises Kelly all the silver he can carry once the mine is reopened, but has to give him his diamond cuff links and double eagle watch fob as a down payment for his services. While on the lookout for the creatures, they find the severed head of a resident who had not been seen in weeks. The two do not get along well, though Kelly succeeds in conveying to Hiram some of his attitude towards firearms and life in general. Eventually Kelly is eaten alive but not before discovering there are four of the creatures that hatched, with three remaining since Juan killed one. Hiram decides to abandon the town and leave the townsfolk to their fate, but they force him to give them the silver mine, threatening to alert potential buyers to the danger if he sells it out from under them. In Carson City, Hiram hears a telegram revealing that the Graboids have made it through the pass and are headed for the town. So he changes his mind, buys a bunch of weapons, and heads back to town to lead a last stand against the creatures. He apologizes and says, "a friend once told me it is not important how you spend your money, it\'s how you spend your life." He then reveals that he sold his gold pocket watch to pay for the weapons. The town readies itself for a final showdown with the Graboids. Hiram uses a huge punt gun to blow a hole in one of the Graboids, killing it instantly, but a second one pulls the gun underground. Tecopa then attracts one of the Graboids by sticking a saw in to the ground and banging on it, when the Graboid rushes to eat him, it impales itself on the saw. The third and final Graboid grows smarter, however, and avoids all their traps. Hiram tricks it into coming to the surface and then attaches it by the tail to the wheel of a steam traction engine. The Graboid is reeled in and slammed against the wheel with such force that it is decapitated on impact. With the creatures dead, the town decides to keep the creatures secret out of fear no one would settle in the area if it was known and use the proceeds from the mine to pay for things for the people of the town. Hiram settles in Rejection , building his home in the same place Burt\'s would one day be. He is also gifted with a Colt 1865 Gatling gun and begins target practice, enjoying it. This love for guns would be passed down in his family to Burt.'] ["Clark and Summer, a young married couple, are on their way to see Summer's parents. Summer is newly-pregnant, and Clark is worried that her father will be critical of him. Their car has a blowout, and as they don't seem to have a spare tire, the shaken couple decides to walk onwards, to see if they can find help. Upon arriving at a small collection of buildings, they realise that the town is abandoned. It isn't long before a drifter in a cowboy hat comes along. Summer is thrilled to see another person, while Clark obviously has some jealousy issues. The stranger introduces himself as Joseph, and immediately overshadows Clark with his personality and style. That evening, around a campfire, the three talk: Summer shows Joseph a photo of her older son, Ben, who is Clark's stepson; Clark accepts several swigs from the bottle of whiskey that Joseph has with him; and Joseph talks about how -- unlike Clark, who is a slave to society -- he, himself, is beholden to no one except himself and God. Summer seems to admire this, while Clark seethes with jealousy. The next morning, Joseph suggests that he and Clark walk the five miles back to the couple's car and siphon off the gas, then continue on to Joseph's truck, and leave the area. Summer wants to accompany them, but Joseph and Clark both say that in her delicate condition, she should remain. Joseph pulls out a revolver and teaches Summer how to use it, touching her in an intimate way. Clark is obviously furious, but he and Joseph still set off together. On the way to the couple's car, Joseph continually mocks Clark for his weaknesses, claiming to know everything about him. Clark is convinced that Joseph is a fanatical, religious hippie. When they arrive at the car, Joseph tells Clark that everything he is about to go through is his own fault, because of his sins. He promptly disappears. Clark opens the trunk of his car to find Ben's rotting body, buzzing with flies. He is horrified, then realises that he has left Summer alone at the abandoned town. Fueled by adrenaline, Clark rushes back to the town. Meanwhile, Summer has found a room in one of the abandoned buildings with photographs on the wall -- some going back a hundred years -- including her photo of Ben, with a cross scratched onto the picture, over his face. She turns to find that Joseph is in the room with her. She attempts to shoot him, but the gun he gave her is unloaded. Joseph subdues her and uses a razor to carve a cross into her forehead, saying that she will have the mark forever, and will remember what happened there. She begs to know why he is doing this, and he claims that it is God's will. At that moment, Clark arrives and attacks Joseph, beating him to the ground. When Joseph regains consciousness, he is tied to a chair. Clark demands to know how they can escape the town, but Joseph won't say. Clark takes a pair of pliers and cuts off one of Joseph's fingers in order to make him talk. Finally Joseph admits that he is an avenging angel, sent to punish the wicked for their sins. He suggests that Clark tell Summer what was in the trunk of their car, but Clark claims it was nothing. Finally, Joseph agrees to help them leave the town, as long as he can first show them something down by the river. Just past the water tower, there is a field strewn with rough, wooden crosses, marking graves. The couple are horrified, and Summer asks if Joseph killed all those people. He claims that he never killed anyone; they all did it to themselves -- but every one of them deserved it. Further into the makeshift graveyard, there are three empty graves. Joseph again exhorts Clark to tell Summer what his sin is. Clark refuses to say. Joseph loads the gun and hands it to Summer, reiterating that she need only cock the gun and squeeze the trigger. After asking repeatedly what Clark's sin is and receiving no response, and assuming it has something to do with Ben, Summer finally shoots Clark. She slumps to the ground and asks what she did to deserve this pain. Joseph tells her that her sin is apathy: she knew something was wrong, but did nothing about it. Joseph raises his hand to the sky and murmurs a prayer, and his finger reappears. His face is no longer wounded and bloody. Leaving Summer at the graveyard with the gun, he walks off. Summer attempts to shoot herself, but the gun is empty; there was only one bullet in the chamber."] ['In Prohibition-era Texas, a mysterious character   drives into Jericho, near the Mexican border . The town is virtually deserted except for two feuding bootleg gangs – the Italians under Fredo Strozzi, and the Irish under Doyle – that have driven the other residents away, aside from the bartender Joe Monday , an undertaker, M. Blair "Smiley" Richardson, a mechanic, "Slim", and a corrupt sheriff, Ed Galt , all of whom make their living by catering to Jericho\'s criminal elements. Smith immediately establishes a reputation by outdrawing and killing Doyle\'s top shooter, called Finn, a brazen act that gets the attention of both gangs. Smith promptly hires himself out to Strozzi\'s gang for what Strozzi  predicts is an upcoming gang war. Seeing an opportunity to make some easy money while he is on the way to Mexico, he begins playing the two gangs against each other. This includes seducing Strozzi\'s mistress, Lucy  and slipping information to Doyle\'s gang through the Sheriff. The gang war re-starts when Strozzi suborns Ramirez, a corrupt Mexican police capitán escorting a convoy of Doyle\'s trucks through Mexico to Doyle . The Mexican police murder Doyle\'s men and turn the trucks over to Strozzi. Smith then quits Strozzi\'s gang and hires himself to Doyle\'s, bringing valuable information with him. Doyle\'s right-hand man, Hickey , interrupts a meeting between the Mexican police captain and Strozzi\'s cousin Giorgio . After killing the captain , Hickey takes Giorgio hostage and Doyle demands that Strozzi give up his entire operation in exchange for him. Strozzi forces a stalemate by kidnapping Felina , Doyle\'s captive mistress. Doyle agrees to exchange the two prisoners and the two gangs scatter. Smith is summoned by the Sheriff to meet with Captain Tom Pickett  of the Texas Rangers, who is upset over the death of the Border Patrol officer. He warns that he can tolerate one gang in Jericho, but not two and if more than one remains in Jericho in ten days time, he will bring a squad of Rangers into Jericho and wipe out both gangs. Lucy comes to Smith and reveals that Strozzi, angered after the exchange, beat her and had Giorgio cut her ear off when she revealed her affair with Smith. Smith gives her some money and puts her on a bus out of Jericho. The next day Smith relays a false rumor that Strozzi is bringing in more soldiers. Playing on Doyle\'s obsession with Felina, he makes Doyle afraid that Strozzi will try to kidnap her again, and Doyle orders Smith to the safehouse where Felina is. Smith kills the men guarding Felina and sends her away with a car and a roll of money. The next day, Smith is waiting at the safehouse when Doyle arrives, and claims that he arrived too late, Strozzi\'s men had already killed the guards and abducted Felina. Doyle goes berserk and declares all-out war on Strozzi\'s gang. Smith\'s plan goes awry when Hickey puts together the truth. Doyle imprisons Smith and has him tortured, demanding to know where Felina is. Smith refuses to talk. Later that night, he escapes by killing two of Doyle\'s men, and escapes town with the aid of Joe Monday and the Sheriff. As they are driving out of town, they see Doyle\'s gang slaughtering Strozzi\'s at a roadhouse. Strozzi and Giorgio are the last two to die. Smith takes refuge at a remote church where Felina went to pray. Two days later, Sheriff Galt arrives and informs Smith that Joe was caught smuggling food and water to Smith and that Doyle will probably torture him to death. He then hands Smith his twin Colt .45s and informs him that that is all the help Smith can expect from him. Smith returns to town and storms Doyle\'s headquarters, gunning down the remainder of his men and rescuing Joe. Doyle and Hickey are absent, having gone down to Mexico in a desperate search for Felina. In the final scene, Doyle, Hickey and Sheriff Galt\'s deputy Bob, confront Smith at the burned-out remains of Strozzi\'s hideout. Doyle, still despondent over the loss of Felina, tells Smith they can be partners and begs him to reveal where to find her. Before he can get further, Joe shoots Doyle with a Wild-West era revolver, and Smith shoots Bob before he can retaliate. Hickey drops his Tommy Gun and says he doesn\'t want to die in Texas  and starts to walk away . With lightning speed he turns and quickdraws a pistol from his holster, but Smith is faster, and kills Hickey. Smith gets into his Ford car and drives on to Mexico, his original destination. He reflects that he is as broke as he was when he first arrived, having given all the money he made off the two gangs to various women in order to get them out of town, including Felina and Lucy. However, he consoles himself that everyone in the two gangs is better off dead.'] ["Drifter cowboy Jim Garry receives a job offer by mail from smooth-talking Tate Riling. Garry rides into an Indian reservation and finds himself in the middle of a feud between cattle ranchers and homesteaders. Garry doesn't realize that his new boss Riling is a criminal. Riling intends to swindle naive landowners in an elaborate scheme involving a plan to make sure that cattle owner Lufton and his family don't get grazing land, thereby losing their stock. At first aligning himself with Riling, Garry finally figures out that his so-called friend is up to no good. He switches loyalty to Lufton and his daughters, leading to a bloody showdown."] ["Cheyenne Harry and some of his friends are mysteriously kidnapped and taken to a desert island, which turns out to be teeming with energetic native women. Harry pursues the island's appealing princess, only to be pursued himself by the less-appealing queen. In the end, the madcap hijinks are revealed to be dreams, the product of Harry's legendarily prodigious drinking."] ['The film takes place in a future where water is an immensely valuable substance, both as a commodity and as a currency. Princess Karina is a spoiled princess who purchases captured space pirates Jason and Roscoe. They then proceed to locate a "lost" planet that contains massive amounts of water. The planet must be approached on a specific course or the ship will be suspended in time forever. The course apparently contains some sort of real or illusory time distortion .'] ['Two itinerant adventurers, Jim Rainbolt and Shaun Garrett, stumble across a gold strike. With the ruthless bandit McCracken in hot pursuit, they hide the gold behind a giant boulder. Shaun is wounded, but Doc Gates patches him up and is made a full partner. They take refuge at the ranch of Amos Gondora, an old friend of Jim\'s. There they are introduced to Gondora\'s so-called "ward," an Indian maiden called Tita. One day while Jim and Gondora are away, McCracken rides up and takes Shaun and Doc captive. He kills Doc because he is unable to tell the hiding place of the gold. Shaun does know it and, under torture, agrees to take McCracken to the spot. There the boulder rolls onto McCracken, who is trapped and left there to die. Everything seems all right until Gondora puts friendship aside and demands the money for himself. Jim and Shaun run from him and must cross a treacherous river. The gold gets away and the current carries it out of reach. All the three men can do is laugh at their combined brush with fortune and misfortune.'] ["Captain Woodrow F. Call , having just buried his friend Augustus McCrae near Lonesome Dove in Texas, plans to return to his ranch in Montana. In order to make the trip profitable he decides to take a herd of wild Mustangs and drive them north with the help of Gideon Walker  and Isom Pickett . Call sends word to Newt Dobbs  that he intends to meet him at the home of Clara Allen  but Newt becomes involved in a bar fight that concludes with the death of two local men. Newt is to be hanged for the incident before he is rescued by a neighbor, Gregor Dunnigan . Newt is paroled into his custody and develops a close relationship with Gregor's young wife, Ferris Dunnigan . Call captures an outlaw named Cherokee Jack Jackson  and barely escapes with his life after Jack's gang rescues him. After his return to Montana, Call is upset to find Newt working for Dunnigan but Newt is determined to repay his debt to Call's neighbor. Newt becomes disillusioned with Dunnigan because of his campaign to drive the other ranchers of the region out of business."] ['Set in the Australian outback in the 1880s, the movie follows a series of events following the horrific rape and murder of the Hopkins family, likely committed by the infamous Burns brothers gang. The film opens in a remote wood building with a violent gunfight between the police and Charlie Burns\'  gang, which ends with the deaths of all of the gang members except for Charlie. Captain Stanley  makes a proposition to Charlie: he and the feeble-minded Mikey can go free of the crimes they have committed if Charlie kills his older brother, Arthur . Arthur is a mercurial psychopath who has become something of a legend and is so vicious the Aboriginal tribes refer to him as "The Dog Man" and both the police and the Aboriginals refuse to go near his camp. Captain Stanley states his intention to civilize the harsh Australian wilderness by bringing Arthur to justice and using Mikey as leverage. Charlie has nine days to find and kill Arthur, or else Mikey will be hanged from the gallows on Christmas Day. It is discovered why Captain Stanley is intent on taming Australia: he has been forced to move there with his delicate wife, Martha Stanley , and apparently wants to make it a safer place for them to live. The Stanleys were friends of the Hopkins family, leading Martha to have nightmares about her dead friends and the unborn child one of them was carrying. Word spreads of Stanley\'s deal with Charlie, primarily from Stanley\'s corrupt subordinate, Sergeant Lawrence ([[Robert Morgan , causing disgust among the townspeople. Shortly thereafter, Eden Fletcher , for whom Captain Stanley works, orders that Mikey be given one hundred lashes as punishment for the rape and murder of the Hopkins family. Stanley is aghast at this, not only because he believes Mikey is likely innocent and the flogging may kill him or harm him irreparably, but also because it will break his deal with Charlie and bring the Burns gang\'s revenge upon him and his wife. Stanley sends Sergeant Lawrence away with tracker Jacko  and other men to "investigate" the reported slaying of Dan O\'Riley by a group of Aborigines. Meanwhile, Charlie rides a great distance in search of Arthur, drinking and apparently reflecting on what he will do. Along the way, he encounters an inebriated old man named Jellon Lamb . In the course of conversation, Charlie realizes that Lamb is a bounty hunter in pursuit of the Burns brothers and knocks him out. Later on, after sleeping on a rock bed, Charlie awakes and, before he can gather what is going on, is speared in the chest by a group of Aboriginal men standing over him. Seconds later a gunshot is heard and the head of the man who threw the spear explodes. Charlie then passes out. Charlie wakes up in the camp of his brother Arthur, located in caves among desolate mountains. Arthur\'s gang consists of Samuel Stoat , who shot the Aboriginal man who had speared Charlie; a woman named Queenie  who tends to Charlie\'s wound; and a muscular Aboriginal man called Two-Bob . As he recovers from his wounds, Charlie has several opportunities to kill his brother, but does not. Captain Stanley attempts to defend Mikey by gunpoint from the bloodthirsty townspeople, but is overruled once Martha arrives, insisting on revenge for her dead friends. Mikey is brutally flogged and horrifically wounded. The formerly excited townspeople slowly become disgusted and Martha faints at the ghastly display. After 40 lashes, Mikey has collapsed and the whip is soaked with blood. Captain Stanley grabs the whip and throws it at Fletcher, staining his face and suit with blood. In response, Fletcher fires Stanley. Not too far away from Arthur\'s camp, Sergeant Lawrence and his men have found and butchered a group of Aborigines. Arthur and Two-Bob find Lawrence\'s group while they sleep, ostensibly to get a horse for Charlie, and proceed to kill Jacko and Sergeant Lawrence. Before Arthur stomps Lawrence to death with his boot, Lawrence tells Arthur that Charlie has been sent to kill him. While this occurs, Jellon Lamb enters Arthur\'s camp and ties up Samuel and Charlie, both of whom are sleeping. Without his realizing it, Lamb is shot from behind by the returning Arthur. Arthur then proceeds to begin torturing the still-living Lamb with a knife. Charlie points his revolver at Arthur, but instead shoots Jellon in the head, putting him out of his misery. Charlie decides he wants to break out Mikey and informs Arthur. Arthur, Samuel and Charlie ride into town dressed in the clothes taken from the officers Arthur and Two-Bob had killed, pulling behind them Two-Bob, posing as an Aborigine they have captured. Once at the jail, the men free Mikey, and Charlie and Two-Bob ride off with him. Arthur and Samuel remain to torture and slaughter the two officers inside the jail. The badly injured Mikey, who has never recovered from the flogging, dies in Charlie\'s arms. As they bury Mikey, Two-Bob tells Charlie that all of this is Charlie\'s fault: "You should never have left us." Captain Stanley and Martha, who had become increasingly paranoid as they were ostracized by the townspeople after the flogging, let their guard down to have a peaceful, civilized Christmas dinner. Immediately following their conclusion of grace, Arthur and Samuel shoot open the door and invade their home. Arthur pulls Captain Stanley into the other room and brutally beats him, while Samuel taunts his wife. Arthur then calls Samuel to the room. Samuel drags Martha inside, and Arthur shoots Captain Stanley through the shoulder. As Samuel rapes Martha, Charlie walks in and informs Arthur of Mikey\'s death; Arthur ignores the news and encourages Charlie to listen to Samuel\'s beautiful singing. Charlie walks up to the unsuspecting Samuel and shoots him point blank in the head, then shoots Arthur twice, saying afterward, "No more." Arthur staggers out of the house. Charlie looks at a gun on the table that could potentially be picked up to shoot him and tells Captain Stanley "I want to be with my brother." Charlie leaves the house and follows a trail of blood to find Arthur seated on the ground nearby and sits down next to him. Arthur states that Charlie has finally stopped him and asks what he will do now, to no answer, and dies as his brother watches the blood red sunset of the outback.'] ["A lone horseman, US Marshal Johnny Reno , is riding through the American West, observed by two men hidden in behind rocks. Taking him to be a lawman despatched on their trail, they try to kill him. He manages to evade them, creeps up them behind and kills one of them, wounding the other whom he takes prisoner. The captive  reveals himself and his dead companion to be the Connors Brothers, on the run from a posse and a Native American war party both of whom are out for their blood. Reno takes the man prisoner and heads for the town of Stone Junction, where the Connors were alleged to have committed the murder of the son of a local Indian chief. Once they reach Stone Junction, the townsmen thank Reno for bringing in Connors. They insist that the man should be tried and executed for the murder and then handed over to the Indians. The local Sheriff, Hodges , a weak and conciliatory man goes along with this. Reno insists that the man is taken to Kansas City for trial, as the murder of an Indian is a federal crime. This displeases the townsmen, who quickly grow hostile to Reno, and urge him to leave town quickly. The owner of the town's saloon, Nona Williams , an old flame of his and the reason he had come to Stone Junction in the first place. While paying her a visit at her ranch, he is held by gunmen, hoping to allow their comrades time break into the sheriff's office and lynch Connors. He shoots them and hurries back to the town just in time to prevent the hanging. Previously the townsmen had shrunk at the idea of killing a US Marshal, as that was likely to bring down a heavy reaction from the government. Now they grow increasingly desperate, as they fear that the Indians will attack the town. They order all woman, children and old men to be evacuated leaving only the young men who pledge to defend the town. Nona Williams refuses to leave, and stays to tend to her saloon. Reno then discovers that it was in fact the townsmen and not the guileless Connors who had committed the murder. They had done so because the daughter of a prominent local, Jess Yates , had fallen in love with the chief’s son. They had killed him to stop a marriage taking place. He released Connors who helps to fight alongside Reno and the Sheriff, who has decided to accept the responsibilities that his badge entails and help uphold the law. The townsmen surround the sheriff’s office and attack, losing a number of men. The Sheriff is also killed in the fighting, leaving just Connors and Reno against the man armed townsmen who are baying for their blood. As they are about to be cut down, the Indians arrive with a captive who has revealed under torture what had really happened. The Indians and the townsmen begin to fight. In the resulting shootout they are all killed, save for Reno and Connors. At the end they meet up with the woman and children who are sheltering in a nearby abandoned fort. Reno and Nona Williams depart into the sunset to start a new life together."] ['Josephine Monaghan  is a young society woman who is seduced by her family\'s portrait photographer, and as a result, bears an illegitimate child. She is expelled from her family and home in disgrace, and with no other resources, she leaves her newborn son under the care of her sister and heads West. On the road, Josephine discovers that her options are very limited. As a single woman traveling alone, she is viewed with suspicion, or as sexual prey for any man. She assists a traveling salesman  who subsequently tries to sell her services as a whore to passing strangers. Seeing it as her only protection, Josephine scars her face, and begins to dress as a man &mdash; thus becoming "Jo." At a mining camp in Ruby City, she meets Percy  who takes her under his wing. Percy recommends Jo for a job at the stable, and teaches her about how to survive in the frontier. But Percy nurses a deep suspicion of women, viewing them to be "more trouble then they are worth." He later demonstrates his misogyny by slashing the face of a prostitute who refuses to give him oral sex. Jo no longer feels safe with Percy or her secret, so she accepts a job herding sheep, and heads for the mountains. After returning in the spring, Percy gives Jo a letter for her that he had received months earlier. The letter is from Jo\'s sister, and Percy having opened it, now knows he is a she. He is furious at being made a fool of by a woman and "a whore at that," referring to the mention of her son in the letter. He attacks and tries to rape Jo, but she draws her gun and subdues him. Largely ostracized by the town\'s people since the incident with the prostitute, Percy promises Jo he will not share her secret if she finances his journey out of the territory. She agrees, though swears to him she will find him and kill him if he breaks his silence. For five years she works as a shepherd, braving the deadly winters alone to the worry of her employer, Frank Badger , who has taken a liking to the "young man" he nicknames "Little Jo." When Jo has enough money saved, she quits Badger, and buys her own homestead. While frequently viewed as "peculiar," Jo is clearly educated, and earns the respect of the people in Ruby City and the surrounding territory. A local girl, Mary,  has her eye on Jo. Blind to the truth, most hope the two will court. One day in town, Jo comes across a mob about to lynch a Chinese laborer for trying to "take our jobs." Jo intervenes, and Badger insists the "chinaman", Tinman Wong , go to live with Jo to help with the homestead. Tinman accompanies Jo to the homestead, and takes on the duties of cook and housekeeper. Though he seems slow-witted, Jo is not happy at having company forced upon her, and is afraid he will discover she is not a man. She keeps as much distance as possible. But Tinman easily discovers the truth about Jo, and in doing so, reveals he is far more intelligent then he has pretended to be--he, too, has been masquerading for his own safety. Jo drops her guard and the two begin a love affair. A feud begins to brew between the sheep herders and cattlemen who are moving into the territory. The Eastern Cattle Company wants to buy up all the land in the area, and they kill anyone who does not comply. One by one, the sheep herders give in, or are murdered by masked gunmen. Jo has witnessed the brutal murders of too many of her friends, and the violence that will be necessary to win this kind of fight goes against her gentle nature. This is a masculine quality that goes beyond her ability to "pass," so Jo dons a dress once again in a feeble effort to step back into a more traditionally feminine role. Tinman argues that it will be impossible for her to go back being the society woman, urging her to keep the homestead, and stand against the cattlemen in the upcoming election. Jo will not be swayed, and meets with the representative from the cattle company, Henry Grey  to tell him she will sell. Tinman falls ill, and Jo summons Badger\'s wife , who practices folk medicine, to tend him. Badger comes along, and is furious when Grey arrives with his wife so that Jo can sign the final papers for the sale of the homestead. Feeling betrayed by Jo for helping the cattle company to "squeeze me," Badger hits Jo, proclaiming, "By God, boy! I thought you\'d amount to something." As Grey prepares the papers inside, Jo watches his wife who, through the warped glass, is visually reminiscent of Jo when she was a woman of society. In an instant, Jo changes her mind and refuses to sell to Grey, who leaves in disgust issuing less than veiled threats. Tinman recovers, and on election day, Badger and Jo ride to Ruby City but are met by several of Grey\'s masked gunmen. Badger shoots one of the gunmen, but is wounded, so it is up to Jo to finish the fight. She kills the two remaining men, but the pain of the act of killing is clearly indicated on her face. The plot jumps to many years later, after Tinman Wong has died. Jo collapses while fetching water, and Badger finds her in bed, near death. He takes her in his wagon to the Ruby City doctor, but she is dead before they arrive. As Badger buys rounds of drinks at the saloon in memory of Little Jo, the undertaker rushes in with his shocking discovery--Little Jo was a woman. The town elders rush back to the undertaker\'s to inspect. All stand around the preparation table in shock, all except Mrs. Addie , the saloon owner, who laughs and laughs. Badger is furious at the betrayal by his friend, and because Jo "made a fool out of me." He goes back to her homestead, and as he tears the place apart in anger, comes across the letter from her sister, and a picture of her as she lived as a woman. In town, the people tie Jo\'s dead body to her horse for a photograph. The final shot is of the newspaper story with the before-and-after photographs, and the headline, "Rancher Jo Was a Woman."'] ['In 1865, Captain Mark Smith of the Confederate Army leads a band of deserters to conquer Texas and rule it as a dictator. In one of his first actions, he captures and assumes the identity of Texas\' new Finance Commissioner, Colonel Marcus Jeffries, after having the real man murdered. When a contingent of Texas Rangers enters the territory, Snead, one of Smith\'s men, leads them into an ambush by Smith\'s "troopers". The Rangers are apparently wiped out, although one injured survivor is left. The survivor, nursed back to health by Tonto, swears to avenge the massacre and defeat "Colonel Jeffries" and his men.'] ['Albert Gallatin "Lat" Evans ([[Don Murray , an earnest young cowboy determined to better his situation, wins a job with a cattle drive by busting a wild horse. Befriended by cowhand Tom Ping (Stuart Whitman}, Lat fantasizes about owning his own ranch and being rich one day, unlike his father, who died "broke, a failure." When the drive reaches a small Wyoming town, the cowboys congregate at the saloon, where Jehu ([[Richard Egan , an unscrupulous rancher, proposes racing one of their horses against his swift steed. Lat accepts the challenge, and is in the lead when his opponent throws a blanket at his face, causing Lat to lose his balance and fall from his horse. Marshal Conrad , the town\'s upstanding banker, intervenes, however, and declares Lat the winner. That night, Tom and Lat celebrate with saloon girls Jen  and Callie . With their winnings, they decide to leave the cattle drive and hunt wolves for their hides. After bidding his cowhand friends goodbye, Lat, feeling melancholy, gets drunk and visits Callie. When Lat recalls a traumatic incident from his childhood in which his father beat him for being alone with a girl in the woodshed, Callie feels empathy. Restless and impatient to become successful, Lat asks Conrad for a loan to buy a ranch. After Conrad turns him down, Callie gives Lat her life savings to buy a piece of land, which he then uses as collateral for a loan from Conrad to purchase a herd of cattle. Lat makes Tom a partner in the venture, and after a hard winter, Lat prospers while the other ranchers falter, since he grew hay in the low lands to feed hay to the cattle in the winter. As his fortunes improve, Lat begins to shun Callie for Conrad\'s niece Joyce ([[Patricia Owens . When Tom tells Lat that he plans to marry Jen, Lat questions his decision and calls Jen a tramp, causing Tom to angrily renounce their partnership. One night, while Lat is dining at Conrad\'s, the banker proposes that he enter politics by running for the school board. Meanwhile, Callie, who has baked a cake for Lat, anxiously awaits his arrival, and when Jehu appears instead, she fights off his crude advances. After dinner, Joyce invites Lat to call on her if he is reputable. Lat goes to Callie\'s house and informs her that there is no place in his life for her. Soon after, Lat and Joyce are married and start a family. Jehu and Callie become lovers. When Lat decides to run for U.S. Senator, he is visited by Jehu and rancher Frank Chanault , who use the promise of their votes to coerce him into joining a group of rancher vigilantes on the trail of some horse thieves. The ranchers corner the thieves at their mountain hideout, and after a gun battle, the two surviving rustlers surrender, and Lat is shocked to discover that Tom is one of them. After Tom confesses, he accuses Lat of worshiping the tin god of money. Jehu sentences Tom to hang, and when Lat protests that he be allowed to stand trial, Jehu knocks him unconscious and then hangs Tom. Riddled with remorse, Lat returns home and Joyce hands him a distress note from Callie. Although Joyce jealousy forbids Lat to see Callie, Lat contends that he owes her a debt and proceeds to her house. There, Lat learns from her servant Happy  that Jehu has savagely beaten Callie. Outraged, Lat goes in search of Jehu. After finding Jehu at the saloon, the two begin to fight and their brawl spills onto the street as the townsfolk watch in consternation. Pulling a rifle from a saddle, Jehu aims it at Lat just as a gunshot fired by Callie rings out, killing Jehu. Later, at home, Joyce forgives Lat, and when he informs her that he intends to testify at Callie\'s trial, she graciously gives her consent.Movies.NYtimes.comTCM.com'] ['A western love story set on the plains of Kansas in 1868. Tokalah is a warrior who is mysteriously drawn to a white settler named Anna, whom he had seen in a vision when he was a boy. After sparing her life during a wagon trail fight, he and his tribe return to the town later and kidnap Anna together with her friend, Sarah White and force them both to live with the Lakotas. After being captured, Anna at first refuses his overtures, then gradually adjusts to her new life and begins to feel a connection to Tokalah and the Lakotas way of life. Sarah however remains desperate to return home. After a year, the women are rescued from the tribe by the cavalry force led by General Custer and reunited with their families. Anna, however, longing to be with Tokalah, leaves her husband and brother and returns to Tokalah.'] ["During the American Civil War, soldier Mike McComb is cashiered from the army when he disobeys orders in order to prevent the Confederates from stealing the one million dollars he is guarding by burning the money. After being publicly humiliated by the townspeople, he and his friend 'Pistol' Porter confiscate gambling equipment and set out to Silver City, Nevada to open a saloon and gambling hall. On his way to St. Joseph, Mike meets Georgia Moore, a beautiful but serious woman that runs the Silver River mine with her husband Stanley and is currently hiring all the available wagons. McComb wins ownership of the wagons in a poker game, much to Georgia's anger. Although he allows her to travel with him, she is unamused with McComb's playful behavior and soon abandons him. Once in Silver City, McComb, in a short time, builds the most successful saloon of the area. He hires John Plato Beck as his lawyer, an alcoholic but good-hearted man. Meanwhile, Georgia is worried when she finds out Stanley has bought back his wagons from McComb in exchange for 6,000 shares in the mine. This is only worsened when it turns out that Stanley does not have the money to finish his smelter and has to go to McComb for finances. Mike agrees to finance him, in exchange for a third interest in the mine. Furthermore, McComb announces to open a town bank, in which the townspeople can accept to pay vouchers in lieu of cash. Despite having become one of the most rich and successful men in area, his bank empire even receiving a visit from the President of the United States, Ulysses S. Grant, McComb is unable to charm Georgia. Encouraged by the President, McComb plans on extending his empire up to and including Black Rock Range. Although he is aware of the dangerous Shoshone Indians in that area, he assigns Stanley to realize his plans. When Plato makes him feel guilty, McComb warns Georgia about the danger her husband is in, but it turns out that they are too late: Stanley has been killed by the Indians. After the funeral, Georgia shortly visits San Francisco and is romanced by McComb upon her return. During a formal dinner party, Plato throws a tantrum while drunk and breaks up the party with accusations against McComb. The townspeople start to lose their faith in McComb and withdraw their money from his bank. To worsen matters, the other owners try to corner the silver market. Georgia begs McComb to reopen the mines, and when he refuses, she leaves him. Soon after, McComb is forced to file bankruptcy. Meanwhile, Plato runs for the United States Senate and in front of a crowd is killed by his competition Sweeney. McComb convinces the towsnpeople to avenge Plato's death. However, when Sweeney is about to be killed by the mob, McComb stops them and convinces them to allow Sweeney to stand trial. He promises to make Silver City a better place, and Georgia, impressed with McComb's new attitude, reunites with him."] ['Sabàto, Wolff, and Saxon are three different types of con men  out to get a bag full of money stolen from a bank.'] ["One day Sam Clayton  and his gang arrive in the small town of Juno City where Father John  is the priest of the town church. After having a little bit of fun, the gang leaves town, only to be caught by father John. Vowing revenge, the gang guns him down on the steps of his church and then set about taking control of the town while waiting for the stagecoach. However, little Johnny  manages to escape with a couple of their horses and rides off to Mexico in the hope of finding the priest's brother . They soon meet and set off back across the border to clean up the town. Meanwhile Clayton discovers that he is Johnny's father. Also, some fifteen years prior during the Civil War, Jenny O'Hara had been one of Clayton's victims, adding to the mystique of the situation — as well as to the question of little Johnny's paternity — and now, enhancing the plot, Clayton takes to the idea of being a father."] ['The Llano Kid is a romantic highwayman who robs stagecoaches along the Texas-Mexico border. In the film, John and Lora Travers are searching for Enrique Ibarra to inform him that he is the heir to a substantial fortune and ranch/hacienda south of the border. If they find him, they will receive a significant reward. During their search for Ibarra, their stage falls victim to the Llano Kid. Noticing that the Llano Kid bear an uncanny resemblance to Ibarra, the Travers conspire to persuade the Kid to pose as Ibarra so they can collect their reward.'] ['Matthew Quigley  is a cowboy and sharpshooter from America with a keen eye and a specially modified rifle with which he can shoot accurately at extraordinary distances. Quigley\'s weapon of choice is an 1874 Sharps Buffalo Rifle. He answers a newspaper advertisement that asks for men with a special talent in long distance shooting with four words, "Matthew Quigley 900 yards," written on a copy of the advertisement, punctuated by several closely spaced bullet holes. When he arrives in Australia, he is met by employees of the man who hired him, Elliot Marston . Quigley tries to prevent them from forcing "Crazy Cora"  onto their wagon and beats the men until they learn that Quigley is the individual they were sent to pick up. Quigley is eventually taken to Marston\'s station in the Western Australian outback. Upon seeing Quigley, Cora consistently calls him "Roy," much to Quigley\'s annoyance. Marston is infatuated with stories of quick-draw gunslingers from the American Old West, believing himself to have been born on the wrong side of the globe, and amazed that Quigley has actually been to Dodge City. He informs Quigley his sharpshooting skills will be used to eradicate the increasingly elusive native Aborigines. Marston\'s killing of aborigines is technically illegal, but he implies that it is tolerated by the local military police with whom Marston has "an arrangement." Quigley, who believed he was hired to shoot dingos, finds the idea abhorrent. Quigley not only turns down the job offer, he throws Marston out of his house twice. Marston\'s Aborigine manservant knocks Quigley over the head and Marston\'s men beat Quigley and Cora into unconsciousness and dump them in the Australian Outback two days away with no water and little chance of survival. However, Quigley manages to kill the two men, after which he and Cora are rescued by Aborigines. Recovering, they witness an attack by Marston\'s men on the Aborigines who helped them. Quigley kills three of Marston\'s men; a fourth escapes. Cora reveals that she was from Texas. When her home was attacked by Comanches, she hid in the root cellar. To prevent her infant son from revealing their hiding place, she covered the baby\'s mouth and unintentionally suffocated him. When her husband, Roy, arrived home and learned of the child\'s death, he took Cora to Galveston, Texas and put her alone on the first ship leaving, which happened to be bound for Australia. Escaping on a single horse, they encounter Marston\'s men driving Aborigines over a cliff. Quigley kills three more of the men and Cora finds an orphaned baby among the dead Aborigines. Caring for the baby helps Cora overcome her tragic past and she slowly begins to recognize Quigley as his real self and stops calling him Roy. Quigley rides alone to a nearby town leaving Cora and the infant Aborigine in the desert with food and water. In town, he obtains new ammunition from local German gunsmith named Grimmelman  who is eager to help when he learns Quigley plans to kill Marston. He also learns that he has become a legendary hero among the Aborigines. Marston\'s men recognize Quigley\'s horse and attack him, cornering him in a burning building. Escaping through a skylight, Quigley returns to the gunsmith\'s and learns Grimmelman\'s wife was killed in the crossfire. He kills all but one of Marston\'s men, whom he sends back to Marston to tell him that Quigley is coming for him. While he is away, Cora and the baby are attacked by dingos. The baby cries and Cora nearly repeats her actions from the past; however she over comes her insecurity and tells the baby to cry as loud as he wants. Using guns taken from Marston\'s men, Cora shoots the dingos and saves her and the baby. Later in tow, Cora gives the baby to Aborigines in the town for trade. Quigley leaves Cora with the townspeople and rides to Marston\'s ranch where he first shoots Marston\'s men from a distance. He even saves a round by patiently waiting until one of Marston\'s men walks in front of another man, to which Quigley shoots through the first, killing the man, to kill the second. Marston gradually loses more and more men to Quigley, until Quigley is eventually captured by Marston\'s last two men. Marston, who has noticed that Quigley only ever carries a rifle, decides to give him a lesson in the "quick-draw" style of gunfighting. As the two face off, Marston makes the first move, but is beaten to the draw by Quigley, who shoots Marston and his two remaining men. As Marston lays dying, referring to an early conversation concerning Colt revolvers, Quigley tells him, "I said I never had much use for one. Never said I didn\'t know how to use it." Marston\'s servant comes out of the house and gives Quigley his rifle then walks away from the ranch, stripping off his western-style clothing as he goes. Two black Aborigine women of Marston\'s also leave. As Quigley binds his wounds, a troop led by the hostile British Major Ashley-Pitt , the official with whom Marston had "an arrangement" and Quigley had met before, arrives. Ashley-Pitt informs Quigley that he is under arrest for murder and that he will be hanged. Quigley says that he "won\'t swing from no gallows," and Ashley-Pitt replies that in that case, Quigley will be shot "while bearing arms against the forces of Her Majesty, the Queen; while trying to escape, of course." As the troopers raise their rifles, a strong wind sweeps over the plain and suddenly the surrounding hills are lined with Aborigines, including Marston\'s servants. Though they take no direct hostile action, the troopers seem convinced that the Aborigines will attack if Quigley is killed, so they leave. After the troopers are gone, Quigley looks up to the hills to see that the Aborigines have vanished, except for Marston\'s manservant, who turns and walks away. The next scene shows Quigley seeking to buy passage back to America. The ticket clerk has a wanted poster beneath his desk identifying Quigley. He holds a pistol beneath the desk and asks for the passenger\'s name. Before Quigley can answer, Cora comes into the ticket office and stands just inside the door. They exchange a long glance, and Quigley tells the clerk that he is "Roy Cobb" and asks for two tickets. The clerk then puts the pistol down. As Quigley and Cora walk along the wharf to the ship, she reminds him that he once told her she had to say two words before he would make love to her. Quigley stops, looking confused, and asks her what the words were. As she walks past, she says, smiling broadly, "Matthew Quigley." Quigley turns Cora around, she removes his hat and runs her fingers through his hair, and they embrace in a passionate kiss.'] ['Keoma  returns to his home town to find his brothers have sided with an outlaw, and with the help of his father and a family friend he vows revenge. Keoma also shows a mark of compassion when he saves a dying woman from a mine full of plague victims.'] ['The short opens in the town of Canasta Flats in 1889 and the camera pulls past the Last Chance Saloon and the Next To The Last Chance Saloon and pulls into the Fat Chance Saloon, where the patrons are hanging out. A mustached cowboy tells his friend that he hears that Yosemite Sam is in town, to which his friend flees . Sam enters the saloon and states who he is, until he gets interrupted by a voice telling him to shut up. When Sam comes up to the pink shirt cowboy who stayed and demands to know who told him to shut up, the cowboy reveals himself to be Bugs Bunny, who admits he said it. When Sam tells Bugs that his backtalk has led him to a duel, Bugs shuns Sam for his bad breath. Sam then warns Bugs he will get shot and that he\'s a sharp shooter. Bugs, however, informs Sam he\'s a sharp shooter as well. To prove it, he tells Sam a shot he\'s good at, and fires a bullet that ricochet\'s off various objects before parting Sam\'s head down the middle. After Sam sees the bullet come in, he ducks and tells Bugs he missed, but when Bugs tells him to wait, Sam\'s hat falls off in half, revealing parted hair. Unimpressed at this skill of sharp shooting, Sam shows Bugs some real shooting by tossing a can in the air and shooting it full of holes. To top it, Bugs tosses the same can up, but shoots Sam in the face instead. When Sam threatens to blast Bugs for that "accident," Bugs suggests that they settle things "in a gentleman-like manner", to which Sam agrees to, even though its against his principles They begin the typical ten-pace and fire, only with Bugs going the same way Sam does, when Sam cheats in the count . Sam turns to fire, but fires directly past Bugs, who then kisses him on the nose. After Bugs does it again, Sam calls off the "Gentlemen\'s Duel" and forces Bugs to fight "dirty", so they each go to opposite ends of a bar shooting at each other. As Sam goes to one end, Bugs blasts him in the face, and when Sam tries to return, Bugs outruns and blasts him again. Unfortunately, their fight is interrupted when Sam hears a train whistle. Seeing that its 5:15, Sam tells Bugs that he\'s cutting the gunfight short so that he can catch and rob the train. Just as Sam hops aboard his horse and rides off after the train, Bugs follows on another horse. Sam orders Bugs at gunpoint to go back so he can rob the train, but Bugs vows that he\'s going to save the train. Right after Bugs hops aboard the train and switches his cowboy hat with a train engineer\'s cap, Sam orders Bugs back at the count of five. Just as Sam reaches four, his horse makes him hit a telegraph pole. When Sam catches up again and tries counting to three, but when he gets to two, he runs into the wall of a tunnel. He catches up again and tries just counting to two, but when he says two, he and his horse fall off a trestle bridge and into a river below. Sam, however, rides on ahead of Bugs and boards a green-painted steam locomotive with a tender . Thinking this will make Bugs stop, Sam calls out to Bugs to stop his train because he\'s got one of his own . Bugs, instead, calls out to Sam to stop his train. Both openly state that neither will stop their train unless the other stops his first. Thinking Bugs wants to play dirty, Sam tells Bugs they\'ll see who stops their train first when they crash and advances the regulator in his train. Bugs accepts this duel and advances the regulator in his train. As both trains rush towards each other head on, Sam keeps a stern face and Bugs remains calm. Almost to collision, Sam considers blowing his train\'s whistle, but instead ducks down to wait for the crash. Bugs, however, extends the "legs" on his train so that Sam\'s passes harmlessly underneath. Just as Sam gets up and wonders why there was no crash, he spots a sign reading "End of Line" and his train falls off an unfinished trestle bridge and into a lake below. Bugs then calls out a goodbye to Sam and drives off to St. Louis. The final shot shows Sam\'s train, up to its smokestack in the lake. Sam pokes out of the smokestack and openly admits that he hates Bugs to the audience.'] ["This drama explores the way that war tears families apart. This is a recurring theme in American Westerns, for example in The Searchers in which John Wayne's character Ethan Edwards' homecoming is marred by bitterness at the Confederate defeat in the American Civil War and turns him into a revenge obsessed vigilante. Hatred is set in a small village in the Ukraine, in which dying man Bulgya tries to reconcile his three estranged sons, who have been scattered by the Russian Civil War. The elder son, Stepan served with the White Army, the middle son Fyodor served with the Red Army while the youngest, Mitka left home with no allegiances and no idea where to go. Contrary to Bulgya's hopes, the reunion is a cool one. When Bulgya dies, the brothers are drawn together. They bury their father and promptly leave the village. But as soon as they pass the gates, a band of horsemen in Red Army uniforms burst into the village, killing the villagers, and burning their homes. The brothers set off in pursuit without any idea of who they are chasing. Are they really Red Army officers? Or are they White Guards in disguise? Eventually Stepan recognises a fellow soldier from the White Guards and realises his loyalties are divided. He tries to play both sides, first betraying his brothers to the White Guards, and then helping them to escape. Fyodor and Mitka take a White Colonel prisoner, and on his way from the estate, Stepan hears gunshots. Rushing off after them, he realises he has become a stranger to the Whites as well."] ["Kenan , a Bosniak classical musician, and Milan , a Serb, live in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina in a clandestine gay relationship. When the Bosnian War breaks out in 1992, they try to escape from the city. In order to hide from Serbian militamen, Kenan disguises himself as a woman and Milan passes him of as his wife. Together, they go to Milan's village in Eastern Bosnia, a Serb stronghold, where they continue to live in deception. However, Milan is soon conscripted into the army and Kenan is left behind in the village. Ranka, a woman from the village, discovers Kenan's secret and seduces him."] ["Set against the backdrop of New Mexico, the film follows a boy who moves because of his father's job and becomes involved with a group of teens attempting to preserve the buffalo and Navajo traditions. Along the way he makes friends and learns important lessons about life. The show teaches about a few Navajo traditions."] ['Crossing the plains, a wagon train comes across a solitary daisy growing out of the vast wasteland. The leader of the expedition decides that the rest of their party will set up their new town on the site. In honor of the flower, the citizens name the new homestead, \'Daisy Town. However, no sooner is the town finished, then it begins to attract all manner of trouble-makers and desperadoes. One day, Lucky Luke comes riding into town astride his horse, Jolly Jumper. After taking care of most of the trouble in the saloon, Luke is assailed on his way to find quarters for the night. However, every single outlaw is taken care of by Luke. These actions don\'t go unnoticed by the townsfolk. The next morning, The mayor and several more townsfolk go to meet with Luke, asking him if he would accept the position of Sheriff of Daisy Town. Luke replies with one word: "Yep". It looks like peace has returned, until word comes that the Dalton Brothers  are in the vicinity. The Daltons begin robbing stores and even blow up the local hotel. Luke tries to incite the townsfolk to stop them, but most are apt to just let the Daltons have their way. This causes Luke to renounce being the town\'s sheriff. The Daltons decide to run for major positions in the town. Joe Dalton decides to run for mayor, William Dalton for judge, and Jack Dalton for sheriff. When Averell Dalton asks what position he can run for, the others decide to simply make him their campaign manager. Luke uses this to his advantage, and turns Averelll against his brothers. The four brothers begin fighting each other and voting is called off. The Daltons are tarred and feathered, and run out of town. Some distance off. they are accosted by some Indians, and taken captive. In a scheme to get free, Joe Dalton tells the chief of the tribe that the settlers coming across the land will mean the end of the prairie. His words end up inciting the chief to declare war on Daisy Town. Lucky Luke manages to view the tribe\'s preparations for war and alerts the townsfolk. Luke works out a plan to make the Indians believe the settlers are abandoning the town, but will load the conestoga wagons with armed men. The plan works, and the Indians try to attack. Luke calls for the wagons to circle, and then orders them to all turn around. This strange spectacle happens several more times. The chief becomes dizzy from the constant turning around, and calls for a pow-wow. A peace treaty is instituted and everyone celebrates. The Mayor toasts Luke\'s work, proclaiming Daisy Town\'s bright future. However, no sooner has this toast been made, than a man runs into town shouting that gold has been found in the hills. With that news, all the inhabitants abandon Daisy Town, which quickly takes on the look of a ghost town. Before he leaves, Lucky Luke plucks the daisy at the base of the towns sign, putting it into Jolly Jumper\'s mane. The town\'s sign falls over into the dust, as Luke rides off into the sunset.'] ['The Old West, circa 1880. In an unnamed town, young girls are dying of a mysterious wasting disease. Dr John Carter  and his daughter Dolores  have been tending to patients for hours on end, but lost one patient an hour ago. Another patient, Cora , looks like she will pull through after Preacher Dan Young\'s  nightlong vigil; he and the Carters are offered breakfast and coffee by Cora\'s parents . In the kitchen, however, they hear Cora scream – by the time they get to her room, she is sprawled dead on her bed, her window open. As he kneels to pray, Dan notices two small, bloody holes in Cora’s throat... Returning to his ranch along with Dolores, Doc Carter finds his son Tim ([[Jimmy Murphy  extremely upset after the actions of their neighbour Buffer, who has been doing everything possible to get his hands on the Carter property, including damming a stream on the Carter ranch and having his men assault anyone who complains. To restrain his hot-headed son, the Doc drives back into town to have a word with the local sheriff . The Sheriff’s discussion with Buffer ([[Bruce Gordon  in the local saloon proves less than successful, however, and a black-clad stranger  follows Doc Carter’s buckboard. By the time he gets home, the Doc is dead, his throat bloody... Already grief-stricken over the loss of his father, Tim snaps after learning that a fence has been torn down and cattle are escaping. Convinced Buffer is responsible, Tim plies himself with booze and then goes after Buffer in the saloon; unfortunately Buffer is a much better shot, and Tim is killed. Alone now, Dolores hangs up "Gun Wanted" posters all over town, offering $100 to anyone who can gun down the "murderer"; the stranger picks one up and heads into the saloon for a talk with Buffer. After the stranger promises that he’ll kill Buffer if he takes the job, one of the rancher\'s men shoots at the stranger, apparently missing. As the stranger leaves Buffer sacks the man who fired the shot, despite his insisting he hit his target dead center. Buffer scoffs – nobody can survive that... The stranger, identifying himself as Drake Robey, arrives at the Carter ranch to take the job to kill Buffer. As he does he reacts to a cross made from a thorn set on a button worn by Dan. When asked, Dan says he received it upon his ordination; apparently the thorn came from the site of the Crucifixion. Despite Dan’s protests, Dolores insists on hiring Robey and has him move into the house. That night, Robey sneaks into Dolores’ room and drinks some of her blood. Next morning Dan goes to ask Dolores to sack Robey, but is surprised to find her looking tired, complaining of cold and very compliant with his wishes. The gunman leaves after refusing payment for the time she had hired him for. Dolores and Dan spend the day going over her father\'s papers, looking for his will. One of the papers found is a map showing the Carter property had once belonged to a Spanish family, the Robles; the family apparently sold up after suffering "some kind of tragedy". As it’s growing late, Dan takes the paperwork, including a locked safety box, home with him to continue the search and try and put the paperwork in order. After Dan leaves, Robey comes to see Dolores; claiming his eyesight is going in bright light , he talks Dolores into accepting him as a night range-rider who can keep an eye on Buffer and his men while the rest of the ranch-hands are sleeping. She offers him the cemetery caretaker’s old cottage to stay in as long as he doesn’t mind being near the dead; Robey is amused at the thought, saying "The dead don’t bother me – it’s the living that causes me trouble." As Dan looks through the paperwork he knocks over the safety box, cracking it open. In it, he finds a diary written in 1860 by Don Miguel Robles , the former owner of the land. According to the diary, Don Robles sent his son Drago to Madrid on business without his new bride Isabella . In Drago\'s absence, Isabella turned to Drago\'s brother Roberto  for companionship. When Drago returned and discovered their relationship, he killed his brother with a dagger; unable to live with his deed, Drago later committed suicide with the same dagger. Over the next six months the district was plagued by the mysterious deaths of young girls. One night Don Robles heard Isabella scream and came into her room to find a man bent over her – Drago Robles, dead some six months - who fled, leaving Isabella drained of blood. In order to end the curse, Don Robles plunged a silver dagger through Drago’s heart as he lay in his coffin. After confessing his actions to the priest he found out that he needed to use a wooden stake instead to destroy a vampire – but on returning to the coffin he found it empty except for the dagger. Confirming the story is a photograph of Don Drago Robles hidden in the diary – it’s Drake Robey in Spanish clothing... As Dan reads Don Robles’ diary, Robey/Robles summons a sleeping Dolores to him to feed from, but is interrupted by the sheriff. After hearing the sheriff denounce him to Dolores, Robey follows him back to town and kills him with his bite. As Dan starts back to his house after examining the body, he is pursued by an unseen Robey; in a panic he races for the church, and Robey is caught in the shadow of the church cross and flees. Back in his house Dan is confronted by Robey; the vampire defends his actions, protesting "What I am is not my own choice. You should pity me, not judge me in my torment. Do you think I wanted this?" before attacking Dan, but flees with his photograph and the Rancho Robles map when interrupted by the preacher’s housekeeper. When Dan tells Dolores about the evening\'s events, Dolores  doesn\'t believe him. Dan promptly drags her to the family crypt to find Drago Robles’ coffin, which proves to be empty except for a silver dagger – just as the diary had said. When Dan insists they look in every coffin for Robey – including her father and brother – Dolores explodes and throws him out. After Dan leaves to get a court order to do so, Dolores, apparently weakened by blood loss, her anger at Dan’s insisting the coffins be opened, and possibly Robey’s hypnotic influence, collapses. Robey emerges from one of the Carter coffins to feed from Dolores before carrying her back home. After Dolores awakens, confused at how she got home from the crypt, Robey shows her the Rancho Robles map; the stream Buffer has been damming up is on her property, not Buffer’s. Robey goes into town to show the map to Buffer, who refuses to accept it and shoots Robey. Robey fires back, killing Buffer, and walks away unscathed. After reporting back to Dolores – claiming his cigar case stopped Buffer’s bullet after she sees a bullet hole in his vest – Robey learns that Dan is heading for the county seat to get a court order to open the graves. Robey promises to join with Dolores to stop him, not saying that he plans to stop his rival permanently. Warned by Dolores’ housekeeper, Dan makes preparations. Robey heads for town to "talk" Dan out of getting that court order , but Dan won\'t be stopped. They challenge each other to a shoot-out, and Dan fires first, just as Dolores arrives. Robey collapses and disintegrates into dust, leaving only his empty clothes behind. Dan walks over to Robey\'s clothes and picks up his bullet... which has his thorn cross on it.'] ['A young Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid are wannabe outlaws who find that breaking the law is not as easy as it seems.'] ['During the American War of Independence, the settlement of Boonesborough, Kentucky is besieged by both hostile Indian tribes and the British. Overtures of peace fail that culminates in a frontal assault on the fort.'] ['Robert Ford seeks out Jesse James when the James gang is planning a train robbery in Blue Cut, Missouri, making petty, unsuccessful attempts to join the gang with his brother Charley\'s help, an existing member of the James gang. The train turns out to be carrying only a fraction of the money originally thought, and Frank James informs Charley Ford that the robbery would be the last the James brothers would commit, and that the gang had "gave up their nightridin\' for good". Jesse returns home to Kansas City, bringing the Fords, Dick Liddil and his cousin, Wood Hite. Jesse sends Charley, Wood and Dick away, but insists that Bob stay, leading Bob to believe Jesse has taken a shine to him. It transpires that Jesse only required Bob to stay to assist him moving his furniture to a new home. Jesse then allows him to stay with the James family for a few extra days. Bob spends these days obsessing over Jesse, before being sent away to return to his sister\'s farmhouse and rejoin Wood, Dick and Charley. Dick Liddil reveals to Bob that he is in cahoots with another member of the James gang, Jim Cummins, to capture Jesse for a substantial bounty. Meanwhile, Jesse visits another gang member, Ed Miller, who unwittingly gives away information on Cummins\' plot. Jesse kills Miller, then departs with Dick Liddil to hunt down Jim Cummins. Unable to locate Jim, Jesse viciously beats Albert Ford, a young cousin of Bob and Charley. Dick returns to the Bolton\'s farmhouse, and is involved in a dispute with Wood Hite, ending in Wood\'s death at the hands of Robert Ford. Hite\'s body is dumped in the woods, in an effort to conceal this from Jesse. Jesse and Charley Ford travel to St. Joseph, Missouri, and Jesse learns of Wood\'s disappearance, which Charley denies knowing anything about. Meanwhile, Bob approaches Kansas City police commissioner, Henry Craig, revealing that he has information regarding Jesse James\'s whereabouts. To prove his allegiance with the James gang, Bob urges Craig to arrest Dick Liddil. Following Dick\'s arrest, and subsequent confession to his involvement in numerous James gang robberies, Bob brokers a deal with the Governor of Missouri, Thomas T. Crittenden, in which he is given 10 days to capture or kill Jesse James. After being persuaded by Charley, Jesse agrees to take Bob into the gang, and the Ford brothers travel to Jesse\'s home in St. Joseph, to stay with him, his wife Zee, and their two children. Jesse plans numerous robberies with the Fords, beginning with the Platte City bank. On the morning of 3 April, 1882, Jesse and the Ford brothers prepare to depart for the Platte City robbery. After reading the morning newspaper, Jesse learns of the arrest and confessions of Dick Liddil. The Fords excuse themselves into the living room, and put on their gun holsters. Jesse removes his own gun belt, lest he look suspicious to the neighbours, and climbs a chair to clean a dusty picture. Robert Ford shoots Jesse James in the back of the head, and the Ford brothers flee the James household, sending a telegram to the Governor to announce Jesse\'s killing. After the assassination, the Fords become celebrities with a theater show in Manhattan, re-enacting the assassination with Bob playing himself, and Charley as Jesse James. Guilt-stricken, Charley pens numerous letters to Zee James asking for her forgiveness, none of which he mails. Overwhelmed with despair and terminally ill from tuberculosis, Charles Ford commits suicide in May 1884. On June 8, 1892, Bob is sought out and murdered by a man named Edward O\'Kelley, while working as a saloonkeeper in Creede, Colorado. O\'Kelley is later pardoned for the killing.'] ['Gary Brannon , is a peaceful homesteader living a quiet existence with his father Sam . Frank Walker  is hoping to open up the Ute Indian territory for gold-mining purposes and tries to foment a war between the Utes and the local whites, while he steals a gold shipment and pins the blame on Gary. Gary starts off hating the Utes because they were responsible for killing his mother but gradually comes to be on their side and wants to expose the machinations of Walker.'] ['Due to a miscarriage of justice Willis Newton  was in prison. Afterwards he worked on a farm and was in love with the owner\'s daughter. Their marriage was confounded when her father was informed that Willis had been a convict. Willis returns to his family\'s land and tells his mother how the farmer offered him to stay as a mere worker. Still upset he craves for a chance to escape poverty and goes to town. Willis meets with two criminals named Slim and Glasscock in a western saloon. The proprietor is an Indian chief who got rich when oil was found on his land. Word is the chief would not have even been allowed to enter the saloon as a guest before that. Thus Willis learns that social climbing is possible for him too if only he happens to get to a lot of money somehow in the first place. Now he will collect a great deal of money by robbing banks until he can purchase an oil well. Slim persuades Willis and Glasscock to carry out a bank robbery in broad daylight. Slim is caught when all three of them try to escape on horseback while the sheriff chases them in a car. Willis and Glasscock later find a bank director who buys the looted war bonds and sells them information on plenty of other banks. Henceforth Willis and Glasscock rob banks at night and get away by car. Glasscock turns out being an expert for nitroglycerin. Willis talks his brothers into supporting him. He tells them that bankers are the worst crooks at all and subsequently robbing their money would only mean that little thieves stole from big thieves. He also says all banks were insured anyway and the insurance companies ought to be thankful because they couldn\'t sell any insurances if there wasn\'t a bank robbery every now and then. The Newton Gang is very prolific and some bankers prove to be the crooks Willis takes them for because they exaggerate their losses. Subsequently the insurance companies force banks to invest in enhanced safes. The new safes withstand nitroglycerin. Consequently the Newton Gang goes to Toronto and ambushes a cash transport in broad daylight. Despite an elaborate plan many things go awry and the gang members can scarcely escape. Willis decides to become "legal". The oil spring Willis purchased is a huge setback that costs him nearly all his money. In his despair he goes as far as telling his wife that God didn\'t want him to be "legit". After that he is easily lured into another criminal endeavour. He gets very enthusiastic about a train robbery at night. Unfortunately Glasscock is not as good with a gun as he was with nitroglycerin. He confuses Dock Newton with a guard, panics and shoots him. Willis needs to bring his wounded brother to a doctor and this undertaking eventually blows their cover. All Newton Brothers are finally arrested and sentenced.'] ['Irish-Australian Paddy Carmody is a roving sheep herder known as a "sundowner" . His wife Ida and son Sean want to settle down, but Paddy has wanderlust and never wants to stay in one place for long. While passing through the bush the family meet refined Englishman Rupert Venneker and hire him as an extra drover to help drive a large herd of sheep to the town of Cawndilla. Along the way, they survive a dangerous brush fire. Mrs. Firth, who runs the pub in Cawndilla, takes a liking to Rupert. He takes to spending nights with her, but, like Paddy, he has no desire to be tied down. Ida convinces Paddy to take a job at a station shearing sheep; she serves as the cook, Rupert as a wool roller, and Sean as a tar boy. Ida enjoys the company of another woman, their employer\'s lonely wife, Jean Halstead. When fellow shearer Bluey Brown\'s pregnant wife Liz shows up unannounced, she sees the young woman through her first birth. Ida is saving the money the family earns for a farm that they stayed at for a night on the sheep drive. Even though Paddy has agreed to participate in a sheering contest against someone from a rival group, he decides to leave six weeks into the shearing season. Ida persuades him to stay. He loses the contest to an old veteran. Paddy wins a lot of money and a race horse playing Two-up. Owning such an animal has been his longstanding dream. They name him Sundowner and enter him, with Sean as his jockey, at local races on their travels after the shearing is done. Sean and Sundowner win their first race. Ida finally convinces a still reluctant Paddy to buy the farm she and Sean have their hearts set on. However, he loses everything Ida has saved for the down payment in a single night of playing Two-up. By way of apology, he tells her that he has found a buyer for Sundowner if he wins the next race. The money would recoup their down payment. However, though Sundowner does win, he is disqualified for interference and the deal falls through. Nevertheless, Paddy\'s deep remorse heals the breach with Ida, and they resolve to save enough money to buy a farm one day.'] ["Clint Belmet  is a bit of a firebrand and is sentenced to at least 30 days in jail, but his partners, Bill Jackson  and Jim Bridger  talk a sympathetic Frenchwoman named Felice  into telling the bumbling, drunken marshal that Clint had married her the previous night. Clint is released so he can accompany Felice on the wagon train heading west to California. A short time later, Felice finds out that Bill and Jim had lied to her; she did not need a man in order to join the wagon train. In a short stopover in a town, they learn that the Indians are causing trouble, so Clint offers to guide the wagon train through the dangerous trails ahead. On the journey, Felice's wagon runs out of control downhill and Clint rescues her. Felice starts talking about marriage. Clint has always been free and wants to stay that way, so he leaves. He later finds out that Indians  are planning to attack the wagon train. He, Bill and Jim rush back to save the day. The Indians attack at a river crossing. Clint helps save the day with some barrels of gunpowder but his friends are killed. The survivors continue on to California."] ["Matt Dow meets young cowboy Davey Bishop for the first time. As they take turns shooting at a hawk, a train that has recently been robbed goes by. Mistaking it for an attack by train robbers, a bag of money is tossed from the train toward the two men. Dow and Davey take the money to town, where they are presumed to have robbed the train. Davey is shot, wounded and taken to the Swenson farm to recover. Matt explains what happened and is made welcome by Helga Swenson and her father. The townspeople regret the shooting of Davey, whose limp will be permanent. Matt accepts a job as sheriff, trying to redeem himself for a shady past. He also begins to court Helga. Outlaws led by a man named Morgan rob the town's bank. One recognizes Matt, which makes the townsfolk worry that he might be in on this. Matt sets out to capture one of the robbers, but Davey, now a deputy, fails to stop another thief from being lynched. And Helga's father is also accidentally killed. A posse is formed, but after a hard ride, Matt and Davey are the only ones left. Bodies of most of the thieves are found dead with Comanche arrows in them. Davey double-crosses Matt, confessing that he was in on the robbery all along. A wounded Matt tries to make it across a river and the money drifts away. Davey and Morgan discuss how to get it back. Davey decides to do the right thing at last and shoots Morgan, but mistakenly Matt believes that Davey has drawn a gun on him and shoots in self-defense. Davey is dead and Matt rides back to Helga to explain."] ["Wayne plays a nameless cowboy in modern-day Arizona who buys two horses at a fair but who is then arrested for theft because he failed to get the papers which would prove his ownership. He's sentenced to prison but escapes and begins a desperate search to find the man who sold him the horses."] ['Notorious but aging gunfighter Jimmy Ringo  tries to avoid the trouble that goes with a reputation as the fastest draw in the west. However, when a cocksure young man named Eddie  deliberately provokes an argument and draws on him, Ringo has no choice but to kill him. Ringo is warned to leave the area because the deceased has three brothers who will be sure to seek revenge. Sure enough, they pursue him, but he takes them by surprise, disarming them and driving off their horses. Ringo then stops to wait in the nearby town of Cayenne where he occupies a corner of the largely empty saloon for most of the remaining film. It is only revealed later that he is hoping for a chance to see his wife and young son whom he has not seen in eight years. The local barkeeper, Mac , remembers him from the past in another town and alerts Sheriff Mark Strett , who turns out to be an old friend of Ringo\'s. Strett also knows Ringo\'s wife Peggy , and tells Ringo she has changed her surname to hide their past life together. Urging Ringo to leave town as quickly as possible, Strett nevertheless agrees to go and ask Peggy to come and see him. She declines, still fearing the notorious and hotheaded nature of Ringo\'s younger days that drove them apart. While waiting, Ringo also has to deal with Hunt Bromley , the young local would-be gunslinger who is keen to make a name for himself, and Jerry Marlowe , a semi-retired man who mistakenly believes Ringo killed his son some years before. Ringo also meets another friend from the past, a bargirl named Molly , who eventually persuades Peggy to come and talk to her husband. Meeting at last, Ringo tells his wife that he has changed, that he wants to settle down somewhere where people do not know him, possibly out in California, and asks her to leave with him. She refuses, but agrees to reconsider in a year\'s time if he will remain true to his word. Ringo also gets acquainted with his son at last, although he does not tell him of their relationship. By now however, Ringo has spent too long in town. The three brothers are still trailing him and arrive, but are captured before they can ambush Ringo. As Ringo makes final preparations to leave, Bromley seizes his chance. Eager to get himself a reputation as a gunfighter, Bromley shoots Ringo in the back, fatally wounding him. As Ringo lies dying he tells Sheriff Strett to say that he, rather than Bromley, drew first. When Bromley starts to say that he doesn\'t want Ringo\'s help, Ringo rejects Bromley\'s words, informing his killer that he will soon know how it feels to have every hotshot and two-bit gunfighter out to get him in turn. An angry Strett tells Bromley to leave town immediately, and punctuates his order with a severe beating which he warns is "just the beginning" of what he\'s got coming to him for killing Ringo. It is clear that Bromley will quickly discover  that notoriety as a gunfighter is in reality a curse which will follow him wherever he goes, making him both an outcast and a target for the rest of his life. The film closes with Peggy Walsh attending Jimmy Ringo\'s funeral, making her way through the crowd around the church door with her son to reveal, quietly but with pride, what the townsfolk have never known&nbsp;– that she is Mrs Jimmy Ringo. Thus, despite his death, the gunfighter finally achieves what he sought in coming to the town&nbsp;– his wife\'s forgiveness and reconciliation.'] ['The outlaw Butch Cavendish  ambushes a party of Texas Rangers, killing all except John Reid  who is rescued by his old childhood Comanche friend, Tonto . When he recovers from his wounds, he dedicates his life to fighting the crime that Cavendish represents. To this end, John becomes the great masked western hero, The Lone Ranger. With the help of Tonto, the pair go to rescue President Grant  when Cavendish takes him hostage.'] ['In 1870 Galveston, Texas, a shipment of $100,000 being transported by stagecoach is the object of a tug-of-war between Zack Thomas  and Joe Jarrett , who first must stave off an outlaw band led by Matson . Thomas and Jarrett become rivals in a bid to open a waterfront casino. Each has a new romantic attachment as well, with the beauties Elya  and Maxine , respectively. They eventually must join forces to hold off the villainous Matson and a corrupt banker, Burden , to keep their new gambling boat afloat. The role of Elya was originally intended for Sophia Loren who had already worked with Sinatra in The Pride and the Passion. Although she was offered $1,000,000 for four weeks of work, Loren turned the part down.{{fact}}'] ["In April 1942 the crew of a downed American B-25 Mitchell bomber are captured in a Wang Jingwei controlled section of China by a Chinese collaborator who transferred them to the Imperial Japanese Army. General Mitsubi refuses to allow the Swiss Consul to contact Washington. At the start of the trial, Lt. Greenbaum, an attorney in civilian life , explains that the trial is illegal, the men are in the military service of their country. The men suffer the interrogation and torture of the Japanese, the senior officer Captain Ross refuses to answer questions of the sly General Mitsubi. The general decides to break the men: Sgt. Jan Skvoznik,  is left in a catatonic state with a permanent head twitch. In court the men see the pitiful state of Skvoznik, Lts. Canelli and Vincent rush the Japanese general, quickly felled by rifle butts. They are returned to their cell, Canelli, an artist has a broken right hand and arm; Vincent, in a catatonic state much like Skvoznik. Sgt. Clinton returns seemingly unharmed, the Japanese have ruptured his vocal cords, he is unable to speak. The Japanese have a listening device in the cell when Greenbaum repeats what the speechless Clinton writes, if anything happens to Lt. Bayforth, he will tell all. After torture Bayforth returns with his hands and arms useless covered in black rubber gloves. The story relates the torture and hardship the men endured while in captivity, and their final humiliation: being tried, convicted and executed as war criminals. Throughout, the American stalwarts are subjected to mistreatment and systematic abuse by the sadistic General Mitsubi  who ultimately chooses to shoot himself, in the face of his captives' unshakable resolve and the realization that the Japanese are doomed to destruction."] ["In 1882, the small western town of Appaloosa, New Mexico, is being terrorized by local rancher Randall Bragg , who killed Marshal Jack Bell  and two of his deputies in cold blood when they came to his ranch to arrest two of Bragg's ranch hands. The town decides to hire lawman and town-tamer Virgil Cole  and his deputy, Everett Hitch , to protect and regain control of the town. The council members agree to give complete control to Cole and Hitch. They begin taking control by confronting four of Bragg's men who are causing a disturbance in the saloon. Three men refuse to allow themselves to be arrested and Cole kills two of them while Hitch kills the third with his weapon of choice: an eight-gauge shotgun. The survivor surrenders his weapon to Hitch and leaves the saloon. Bragg has a meeting with Cole and Hitch and neither side will cede an inch to the other. Cole meets a new arrival to the town, recently widowed Allie French , and starts a relationship with her. When one of Bragg's men tells Cole and Hitch he will testify that his boss killed the marshall, Bragg is tried and found guilty . En route via train to his execution, Bragg is rescued by gunfighter brothers Ring and Mackie Shelton (Lance Henriksen and [[Adam Nelson , old acquaintances of Cole, who have captured Allie and bring her along as a bargaining chip. Cole and Hitch catch up with the outlaws and discover that Allie is not a hostage when they see her and Ring Shelton frolicking naked together in a stream. After a brief fight with Indians, they turn Bragg in to the sheriff of Beauville, the nearest town. Unbeknownst to Cole, Sheriff Russell  is a cousin of the Shelton brothers. Knowing that Cole is determined to bring Bragg back to hang, Ring and Mackie  free Bragg and challenge Cole and Hitch to a gunfight. Both lawmen are wounded but manage to kill Ring, Mackie, and Russell. Cole and Hitch are unable to prevent Bragg from escaping on horseback, and they return to Appaloosa with Allie. Some time later, Bragg is granted a full pardon by President Chester A. Arthur  and returns to Appaloosa in an attempt to publicly reform himself. He buys the hotel and ingratiates himself with the locals. Cole and Hitch suspect Bragg is using his claims of a silver strike to cover up illegal activity; specifically, a robbery of a gold shipment in Mexico. Hitch also discovers that Bragg is in a secret relationship with Allie. Unable to deal with Bragg legally, and wanting Allie to be with Cole, he quits as deputy and successfully challenges Bragg to a duel in front of Cole. He kills Bragg, and then leaves town; his parting words express his hope that Cole can find happiness with the fickle Allie."] ["Killings of innocent ranchers indicate the Apaches have broken the peace treaty. Old Shatterhand, blood brother of the Apache chief Winnetou, finds out that ruthless lands grabbers did the killings, hoping to start off a war between the Indians and the settlers, and follows the trail right back to the gates of the cavalry's fort."] ["A dying Marshal gives his identification papers to Tom. After Tom arrives in town, the papers drop and are found during a fight so Tom decides to assume the Marshal's identity. Mason, the chief, now sends Rattler, the killer of the Marshal, to also kill Tom. But when he overhears Tom is a fake, they change their plans and now go to arrest Tom for the murder of the Marshal."] ["Rick Largo and the Banner brothers hold up a bank. Frank is persuaded to shoot brother Johnny by the greedy Largo, so the loot can be split just two ways. Johnny, left for dead, recovers and rides to town. He challenges his brother to a showdown, then spares his life but orders him out of town. He gives no such chance to Largo, gunning him down. Deciding to leave for Wyoming to buy a ranch, Johnny is asked to drive the stagecoach through dangerous Indian territory when no one else will. Aboard are saloon singer Amy Clarke, her piano player Minstrel, gold speculator Chester, bank clerk Hamilton and a senator named Blakeley who is sympathetic toward the Indians in spite of all the violence. Frank's lifeless body is found on the trail, filled with arrows. A wheel breaks, forcing the travelers to stop for repairs. Chester is killed in an Indian ambush. Hamilton, who was falsely suspected in the bank job Johnny pulled, nearly dies before Johnny saves his life. Heat and thirst get to the survivors as the Indians wait them out. Minstrel sees a mirage, wanders off and is shot. Blakeley is mocked by Amy for his kindness toward the Indians, so he ventures out, hoping to reason with them. He, too, is killed. Hamilton's life is slipping away, so Johnny makes a try for a canteen left out by the Indians as bait. He is attacked by a Cheyenne brave and spares his life, telling him to return to his people and admit being saved by a white man. Hamilton expires, but the Indian returns with fresh horses for Johnny and Amy, who ride back toward town so Johnny can turn himself in for the robbery."] ["When Tom King's Texas Ranger father is shot dead by Nazi sabateurs, he leaves college and joins the Texas Rangers himself. Shortly he is given the mission of avenging his father's death and defeating the foreign agents. King teams up with Sally Crane, a reporter who witnessed his father's murder, and Mexican officer Pedro Garcia, who shares an interest as the agents are working across the border in both countries."] ['Two men search for a fabled gold mine. The clue to the mine\'s location is branded on the neck of a wild horse, "White Fury", and the men battle each other to capture the horse first.'] ['In the early years of the twentieth century, an aging ex-lawman, Steve Judd , is hired to guard a shipment of gold from a high country mining camp to the town of Hornitos, California. Six miners were recently murdered trying to transport their gold on the one trail leading down from the crest of the Sierra Nevada. In his prime, Judd was a tough and respected lawman, but now his threadbare clothes and spectacles serve as reminders that he is long past his prime. Judd enlists the help of his old friend and partner Gil Westrum  to guard the gold shipment. Gil, who makes his living passing himself off as a legendary sharpshooter named The Oregon Kid, enlists the help of his young sidekick, Heck Longtree . Judd, Gil, and Heck ride up into the mountains toward the Coarse Gold mining camp. Judd doesn\'t know that Gil and Heck are planning to steal the gold for themselves—preferably with Judd\'s help, but without it if necessary. Along the way they stop for the night at the farm of Joshua Knudsen  and his daughter Elsa . Knudsen is a domineering religious man who warns against those who "traffic in gold" and trades Bible verses with Judd at the dinner table. That night, Elsa and Heck meet in the moonlight, but Knudsen breaks up their rendezvous. Back at the house, he hits her for her behavior. Unable to tolerate her father\'s domination and cruelty, Elsa leaves her home the next morning. She later joins Judd, Gil, and Heck on their ride to Coarse Gold where she intends to marry her fiancé. When they reach the Coarse Gold mining camp, they soon discover that the girl\'s fiancé, Billy Hammond , is a drunken lout who intends to prostitute her to his four thuggish brothers. Judd and Heck rescue the girl from the marriage, and the next morning, Judd, Gil, Heck and Elsa start back towards town with the gold. Along the way, Judd talks to Gil about right and wrong and how that\'s "something you just know." After all the lost years working in disreputable places, he tells Gil that he\'s now grateful to have gained back some of his self-respect and intends on keeping it "with the help of you and that boy back there." When Gil asks if that\'s all he wants, Judd replies, "All I want is to enter my House justified." Realizing Judd will never go along with his plan to steal the gold, Gil plans to steal the gold without his help. During the night as Gil and Heck prepare to leave with the gold, Judd confronts them at gunpoint. Angered by his old friend\'s betrayal, he slaps him and challenges him to a draw, but Gil throws down his guns. Planning to put them on trial when they return to town, Judd is forced to change his plans when the Hammond brothers appear in hot pursuit of the girl. In the ensuing gunfight, two of the brothers are killed. During the night, Gil leaves camp and heads back to the site of the gunfight, taking one of the brothers\' horse and guns. Meanwhile, Heck has shown himself to be trustworthy, and even though he will most likely go to prison, Elsa tells him she\'ll be there when he gets out. When they reach Elsa\'s farm, the Hammond brothers are waiting, having already killed her father. A gunfight breaks out and soon both Judd and Heck are wounded. Just then Gil comes riding in to help his old friend, and together they challenge the brothers to a face-to-face shootout in the open. When the dust settles, the three brothers are dead, but Judd is mortally wounded. He tells his old friend, "I don\'t want them to see this. I want to go it alone." When Gil pledges to take care of everything just like he would have, Judd says, "Hell, I know that. I always did. You just forgot it for awhile, that\'s all." Judd looks back toward the high country and then dies.'] ["1865. Joseph Charlegrand is a former French soldier whose best friend and comrade was murdered by an officer of the French Foreign Legion in Mexico. Looking for the murderer, Charlegrand is heading for a martial arts tournament in the USA because the murderer takes his pride in being a skilled fighter.  On his way from Mexico to Texas some American rogues take him for a Yankee and ambush him. He can fight them off but loses his horse. On foot he runs out of water and eventually breaks down. Two young farmers  save his life.  When the farmers go to town for purchases they are molested and eventually seriously attacked by the roustabouts of a local business man who wants their land very badly. The film's protagonist returns the farmer's favour by applying his savate. Yet it is obvious they need further support.  Consequently he stays with them and even instructs Cain how to fight, so that he might win the martial arts tournament and hereby earn the money they need to pay the new taxes. But during one night masked riders burn their barn and one of them loses a precision dice. Cain recognises this object, follows the culprit into town and confronts him. After Cain has been shot dead, all farmers are ready to sell out.  The hero decides he mustn't let that happen, hence he takes the dead farmer's place in the tournament and tells the farmers to bet all their money on him. In order to prevent him from being successful, his friend's murderer, the German-speaking von Trotta  is hired.  But the bad guys leave nothing to chance and also take Mary Parker as hostage. Charlegrand manages to cause enough confusion to disappear between two fights, so that he can free Mary and force Colonel Jones  to spill the beans. The alleged new taxes turn out to be a hoax but the farmer's savings are on Charlegrand and so they still need him to win the tournament. Therefore his final battle with von Trotta mustn't be postponed, even though Charlegrand has been shot in the course of action."] ["Set in the legendary town of Tombstone, Arizona, and centers on former gunslinger Wyatt Earp who has been recently deputized and is helping the sheriff round up criminals. Earp becomes a lawman after he sees an outlaw accidentally kill a child during a showdown. Earp's brothers and Doc Holliday help him take on the outlaw and his gang. More trouble ensues when the sheriff becomes involved with the gang. Earp manages to get them on robbery charges and the situation finally culminates at the infamous O.K. Corral."] ['In the latter period of the Mexican Revolution, Rancher J.W. Grant  hires four men, who are all experts in their respective fields, to rescue his kidnapped wife, Maria  from Jesus Raza , a former Mexican Revolutionary leader turned bandit. Team leader Henry "Rico" Fardan  is a weapons specialist, Bill Dolworth  is an explosives expert, the horse wrangler is Hans Ehrengard  and Jake Sharp  is a scout with traditional Apache skills, particularly with a bow and arrow. Fardan and Dolworth, having both fought under the command of Pancho Villa, have a high regard for Raza as a soldier. But as hard and cynical professionals, they have no qualms about killing him now. After crossing the Mexican border, the team tracks the bandits to their hideout. They bear witness as soldiers on a government train are massacred by Raza\'s small army. The professionals follow the captured train to the end of the line and retake it from the bandits. Some move on to the bandit camp and observe Raza and his followers — including a buxom soldier, Chiquita . At nightfall, Fardan infiltrates Raza\'s private quarters but he is stopped from killing him by Maria, the kidnapped wife. "Amigo," Dolworth concludes, "we\'ve been had." Fardan does what he is being paid for and escapes with Grant\'s wife. Back at the train, the men find that it has been retaken by the bandits. After a shootout, they retreat into the mountains, hotly pursued by Raza and his men. The professionals evade capture by using explosives to bring down the prepared walls of a gully, thus blocking the Raza and the bandits\' path and delaying their pursuit. It is then revealed that they had not rescued his kidnapped wife but Raza\'s willing mistress. Grant "bought" Maria for an arranged marriage only for her to escape and return to her "true love" in Mexico. But as Raza and his group of bandits relentlessly pursue the retreating professionals, Dolworth fights the bandits in a rearguard action to allow the other professionals with Maria to escape. The bandit leader Raza is wounded. As Raza with fellow bandit, Conchita in the lead attempt to escape, she is shot by Dolworth, who himself narrowly escapes her bullet as she lies dying in his arms. Weakened, Raza is captured by Dolworth. The four professionals, with Maria and Raza, reach the U.S. border to be met by Grant and his own men. Grant tells Fardan that their contract has been satisfactorily concluded, even before Maria is safely handed over to him. As Maria tends the wounded Raza on the ground, Grant callously turns to one of his men and says, "Kill him." But before the man can shoot, the gun is shot out of his hand by Dolworth who tells Grant he has not earned the right to kill a man like Raza. The four professionals then step in to protect Maria and Raza. Maria, apparently, never was kidnapped from Grant by Raza after all. The professionals collect the wounded Raza, put him on a carriage and, with Maria at the reins, send both back to Mexico. Grant loses his wife, the professionals their reward. Grant calls Fardan a bastard, to which Fardan retorts: "Yes, sir, in my case an accident of birth. But you, sir, you are a self-made man." The professionals follow the departing carriage to Mexico.'] ['The story concerns events in the life of Doc Clayburn, who returns with his medicine show and young daughter, Carolina, to the country where 20 years before he had been a rider with a gang of outlaws and assisted in a gold robbery. The gold was hidden when all but Doc were killed in a fight with a posse, and never recovered. When Doc is on his way to recover the gold and wipe out the memory of those early days and his straying from the straight and narrow, his caravan, which had been trailed by a rival gang, is attacked and he is mortally wounded. Just before he dies, Doc gives a map of the gold cache to Jeff Kincaid, a younger rider whom he entrusts with the plan of finding the gold and restoring it to its rightful owners. In doing this, Jeff encounters the heavies, and Mistletoe and Crawfish supply the comedy relief.'] ['Having massacred an Indian village, outlaw Duncan finds his men falling victim to a solitary rider, Navajo Joe. Joe saves two prostitutes who have overheard Duncan plot with Lynne, the town doctor, to steal a train full of money belonging to the bank. Joe steals the train back from Duncan\'s gang. He asks the townspeople of Esperanza to pay him to protect them from Duncan, making an offer of "I want a dollar a head from every man in this town for every bandit I kill". The townspeople reject him, as they "don\'t make bargains with Indians." Lynne\'s wife Honor persuades them otherwise. Joe sets a trap for Duncan but is caught and tortured; Lynne and Honor are killed. Rescued by an old man from the saloon, Joe again steals the train and eradicates Duncan\'s gang. There is then a showdown in an Indian cemetery, where Joe reclaims the pendant which Duncan stole from his wife when he murdered her. As Joe turns, Duncan shoots Joe with a hidden gun. Injured, Joe grabs a tomahawk and throws it, hitting Duncan square in the forehead. With Duncan dead, Joe sends his horse back to town, probably for the reward.'] 