['Set in the fictional English village of St. Mary Mead, home of Miss Jane Marple , in 1953, a big Hollywood production company arrives to film a costume movie about Mary, Queen of Scots and Elizabeth I with two famous movie stars, Marina Rudd  and Lola Brewster . The two actresses are old rivals who hate each other. Marina, who is making a much heralded comeback after a prolonged "illness" and retirement, when she, in reality, has had a nervous breakdown, and her husband, Jason Rudd , who is directing the movie they are making, arrive with their entourage. When she learns that Lola will be in the movie as well, she becomes enraged and vents her anger. Lola and her husband, Martin N. "Marty" Fenn , who is producing the movie they are making, then arrive. Excitement runs high in St. Mary Mead, as the locals have been invited to a reception held by the movie company in a manor house, Gossington Hall, to meet the celebrities. Lola and Marina come face to face at the reception and exchange some potent and comical insults, nasty one-liners, as they smile and pose for the cameras. The two square off in a series of hilarious and cleverly written and performed cat-fights throughout the movie. Marina however, has been receiving anonymous death threats. After her initial exchange with Lola at the reception, she is cornered by a gushing, devoted fan, Heather Badcock , who bores her with a long and detailed story about having actually met Marina in person during World War II. After recounting the meeting they had all those years ago, when she arose from her sickbed to go and meet the glamorous star, Babcock drinks a cocktail that was made for Marina and quickly dies from poisoning. The incident is unfortunate for Marina\'s mental state, and she is beside herself. Everyone is certain she was the intended murder victim. Once filming begins on the movie, she discovers that apart from threatening notes made up of newspaper clippings, her cup of coffee on the set has also been spiked with poison, sending her into fits of terror. The police detective from Scotland Yard investigating the case, Inspector Dermot Craddock , is baffled as he tries to uncover who is behind the attempt on the life of the actress and the subsequent murder of the innocent woman. The suspected are Ella Zielinsky , Jason\'s production assistant who is secretly having an affair with him and would like Marina out of the way, and the hotheaded actress Lola Brewster. Inspector Craddock asks his aunt, the renowned amateur detective Miss Jane Marple, who injured her foot at the reception and is confined to her home, for assistance. The main suspect, Zielinsky, is then killed by a lethal nose spray after going to a pay phone in the village, where she called the murderer and threatened to expose him. Miss Marple, now back on her feet, visits Gossington Hall, where Marina and Jason are staying, and views where Babcock\'s death occurred. Working from information received from her cleaning woman, Cherry Baker (played by [[Wendy Morgan , who was working as a waitress the day of the murder, the determined elderly sleuth begins to piece together the events of the fatal reception and solves the mystery. By the time she has collected all the evidence to indicate who committed the crime, however, another death occurs at Gossington Hall, which sadly closes the case on who the murderer in St. Mary Mead actually is: Marina Rudd, who has apparently committed suicide. In the film\'s denouement, Miss Marple explains the murders that have occurred. Heather Babcock\'s story was Marina\'s initial motive. Ms. Babcock suffered from German measles — a rather harmless disease to most adults, but problematic for a pregnant woman. Heather Babcock innocently infected Marina when she met her during World War Two. Marina was pregnant at the time; the disease caused her child to be born with mental retardation. Upon hearing Heather cheerfully tell this story, Marina was overcome with rage and poisoned her without thinking. She then spread the idea that she was the intended victim, delivering the death threats and poisoning her own coffee. Ella, who made phone calls to various suspects from the pay phone, accidentally guessed correctly, prompting Marina to murder her. As Marina is now dead, she will not be brought to justice. Jason, her devoted husband, confesses to Miss Marple that he actually administered the dosage of poison to save her from prosecution. However, Marina didn\'t touch the hot chocolate he made for her and rather poisoned herself.'] ['On a stormy night, a theatrical producer, his secretary, and playwright Prescott Ames are stranded when their car skids off the road and gets stuck. The three take refuge in the nearby home of Dr. Kent, a friend of Ames. One of Kent\'s patients, who is staying at the house, is acting strangely, and the others in the house tell the newcomers that she is behaving this way because it is the anniversary of her husband\'s murder. At dinner, the group begins exchanging accusations about the murder, when suddenly the lights go out, and soon afterwards comes the first in a series of mysterious and fearful events. The producer thinks all the strange occurrences are part of a ploy to get him to produce a play for Ames. In a great line, one of the other characters exclaims "These fools think we are putting on a play for their benefit!"'] ["Emily Boynton, stepmother to the three Boynton children – Lennox, Raymond and Carol – and mother to Ginevra, blackmails the family lawyer, Jefferson Cope, into destroying a second will of her late husband that would have freed the children from her dominating influence. She takes herself, the children and her daughter-in-law Nadine on holiday to Europe and the Holy Land. In Jerusalem, the great detective Hercule Poirot meets up with a woman friend, Dr. Sarah King, who falls in love with Raymond Boynton to Emily's disapproval. Lady Westholme, her secretary Miss Quinton and lawyer Cope are following them too. The children discover the second will and Emily succeeds in rubbing the rest the wrong way, causing much hatred towards her. At a dig, Emily is found dead. Poirot investigates."] ["Debutante Nikki Collins, an enthusiastic reader of detective stories, witnesses a murder in a building while passing by on a train entering New York's Grand Central Station. She goes to the police, but is frustrated to find that no one believes her. The police think that her story is the product of an overactive imagination. Undaunted, Nikki approaches mystery writer Wayne Morgan  to help her solve the mystery. She identifies the murdered man as Josiah Waring, a ruthless millionaire businessman, after seeing him on a cinema screen. She is then mistaken by the 'grieving' family  as Margo Martin, a nightclub singer and his fiancee, who stands to inherit the bulk of his fortune. But the real Margo is murdered and Nikki must stay one step ahead of two disinherited cousins out to kill her."] ['Wanda Nash , an actress from Brooklyn, decides to masquerade as "Princess Olga" from Sweden in order to land a film contract with a big Hollywood studio. On board the liner Mammoth bound for New York, she runs into King Mantell , a concertina-playing band leader with a criminal record in his past. Both are blackmailed by Robert M. Darcy , and after Darcy is killed, they become two of the prime suspects for the murder, and must find the real killer before the five police detectives traveling on the ship can pin it on them.'] ['The story takes place in Northern Italy, during the early 14th century. Franciscan monk William of Baskerville and his novice Adso of Melk  arrive at a Benedictine abbey where a mysterious death has occurred ahead of an important theological Church conference. William, known for his deductive and analytic mind, confronts the worried Abbot and gains permission to investigate the death – a young illuminator appears to have committed suicide. Over the next few days, several other bizarre deaths occur, and the two gradually discover that everything is not what it seems in the abbey. William and Adso also make the acquaintance of Salvatore, a demented hunchback who speaks gibberish in various languages, and his handler and protector, Remigio da Varagine who, as events prove, also has a shady past. William quickly deduces from Salvatore\'s speech, that he had once been a member of a heretical sect and infers that Remigio likewise had been involved. He suspects that they may have been involved in the killings. Meanwhile, Adso encounters a beautiful semi-feral peasant girl who has apparently sneaked into the abbey to trade sexual favours for food; she seduces him, and he falls in love with her. Investigating and keen to head off accusations of demonic possession, the protagonists discover and explore a labyrinthine library in the abbey\'s forbidden principal tower. William is astonished to find that it is "one of the greatest libraries in all Christendom," containing dozens of works by Classical masters such as Aristotle, thought to have been lost for centuries. William deduces that the library is kept hidden because such advanced knowledge, coming from pagan philosophers, is difficult to reconcile with Christianity. It becomes clear that the only remaining copy of Aristotle\'s Second Book of Poetics is somehow related to the deaths. He further deduces that all of those who died had read the book. His investigations are curtailed by the arrival of Bernardo Gui of the Inquisition, summoned for the conference and keen to prosecute those he deems responsible for the deaths. The two men clashed in the past, and the zealous inquisitor has no time for theories outside his own. Salvatore and the girl are found fighting over a black cockerel while in the presence of a black cat. Gui presents this as irrefutable proof that they are in league with Satan and tortures Salvatore into confessing. Salvatore, Remigio, and the girl are dragged before a tribunal, where Gui intimidates the Abbot into concurring with his judgment of heresy. But William, also "invited" by Gui to serve on the panel of judges, refuses to confirm the accusations of murder. Gui resorts to extracting a confession from Remigio by the threat of torture, and clearly plans to take care of William for good, later. When another monk succumbs like the others, William and Adso ascend the forbidden library, and come face to face with the Venerable Jorge, the most ancient denizen of the abbey, with the book, which describes comedy and how it may be used to teach. Believing laughter and jocularity to be instruments of the Devil, Jorge has poisoned the pages to stop the spread of what he considers dangerous ideas: those reading it would ingest the poison as they licked their fingers to aid in turning pages. Confronted, Jorge throws over a candle, starting a blaze that quickly engulfs the library. William insists that Adso flee, as he manages to collect an inadequate armload of invaluable books to save; the volume of Poetics, Jorge, and the rest of the library are lost. Meanwhile, Salvatore and Remigio have been burned at the stake, and the girl is soon to follow, when the local peasants take advantage of the chaos of the library fire to free her and turn on Gui. Gui attempts to flee but they throw his wagon off a cliff, to his death. William and Adso later take their leave. A much older Adso reflects in his closing narration that he never regretted his decision to continue on with William, and that the girl was the only earthly love of his life, yet he never learned her name.'] ["On a short flight to Catalina Island off the California coast, a passenger on a seaplane calling himself Roswell T. Forrest  gets sick. Hildegarde Withers and the others aboard are startled when he is found dead upon landing. It appears to be murder to Miss Withers, but she has a tough time convincing local Police Chief Britt  and coroner Dr. O'Rourke . When she contacts her friend, Police Inspector Oscar Piper , for more information about the deceased, he recognizes the name: the man was a vital witness in a case against a crime syndicate and had a price on his head of $10,000. He flies from New York to assist her in investigating the case. When he arrives, the pair argue over which of the people aboard the plane is the killer: *Joseph B. Tate , a famous Hollywood director *struggling actress Phyllis La Font , who is angling for a part in Tate's next movie *honeymooners Kay  and Marvin Deving  *Captain Beegle , a retired, self-confessed former rum runner, and *pilots Dick French  and Madden . Withers suspects poisoning , but before this can be confirmed, the body is stolen. While Piper questions those involved, she discovers that McArthur , the gangster who had offered the reward for Forrest's death, has registered at the hotel under the flimsy alias of Arthur Mack. When she eavesdrops on his telephone conversation, she learns that he will be leaving an envelope for someone. She purloins it from the mailbox and finds $10,000 inside. More murders occur. Marvin Deving is shot and killed just before he can reveal some information to Piper. Meanwhile, Withers and Piper learn that the first victim was not Forrest, but his bodyguard Tom Kelsey. He and the real Forrest  had switched identities. McArthur is also found dead. Though it is staged to look like a suicide, Withers notices that the pistol in his hand is not his own . When an employee complains that the fish in the hotel pool are all dead, Withers finds a pack of cigarettes discarded nearby; one of the cigarettes had fallen into the water. With the murder weapon found, all the pieces come together. Withers takes Piper to see the grieving Kay. She offers the widow a cigarette, then casually mentions where she got it. When Kay refuses to smoke it, Withers tells Piper that McArthur's gun must be in the room. Kay pulls it out and tells them that she will have to kill them both now, but Withers manages to distract her, enabling Piper to disarm her. It turns out that the Devings thought they had been doublecrossed by McArthur when they did not receive their reward . When Marvin tried to betray McArthur in return, he was killed by his employer. Kay then did in McArthur."] ['{{plot}} Franco Arno  a middle-aged blind man is walking down a street at night with his niece Lori  when they pass by a man in a car. Franco overhears him mention blackmail. Franco bends over, feigning tying his shoes and asks Lori to describe the man in the parked car. Lori does, but says that she cannot see the other man clearly. They walk back to Franco\'s apartment nearby and while Lori sleeps, Franco works on a puzzle when he hears a noise. Outside, the unseen man in the parked car gets out and knocks out a night watchman by the gate of a large medical complex that stands right next to the apartment building where Franco lives. The unseen man uses a screwdriver to get inside the building, goes to Dr. Calabresi\'s office, unlocks it and gets inside. A doctor preparing to leave for the night sees the nightwatchman unconscious and sees a dark figure running away. The next day, the police arrive at the Terzi Institute investigating the break-in. Carlo Giordani  arrives and bumps into Franco outside the institute and helps the blind man up. Carlo introduces himself and says that he\'s a reporter investigating the break-in. Inside, Carlo learns that nothing was stolen from the institute. Professor Terzi  tells the officers that since nothing is missing, he would rather not reveal the institutes research. Dr. Casoni  suggests that pictures may have been taken, but Dr. Braun  says to let the cops handle the matter. Meanwhile, Dr. Calabresi ,  looks at his files in his office and phones someone and agrees to meet with him. Calabresi tells his fiancee Bianca Merusi  that he knows who broke into the institute and what was taken, but he does not wish to tell anyone yet, saying it could mean a "big step forward". At a local train station, while a group of reporters are waiting for a celebrity starlet to arrive from an arriving train, the unseen man approaches Calabresi and pushes him as the train arrives. The next day, Franco and Lori are at home when Lori reads the newspaper for Franco about the "accidental death" of Dr. Calabresi and she tells Franco that the man in the newspaper is the same man she saw in the car the night before. She describes the picture and says that Carlo Giordani wrote the article. The two of them go to see the reporter at the newspaper office and Franco asks if the picture has been cropped. Carlo calls Righetto  the paparazzi photographer who snapped the picture at the last second and he goes back to the original and sees a moving hand-arm in the far left of the frame. As Righetto prepares to print the photograph, he is strangled to death with a cord. The unseen killer takes the photo and all the negatives and leaves just seconds before Carlo, Franco, and Lori arrive. Carlo goes inside the apartment and finds the body. Carlo sends Franco and Lori away and calls the police. The investigating officer, Spimi , asks questions to Carlo about the "maniac". Later, Carlo looks through a pair of binoculars at the people leaving the Terzi Institute and describes the doctors to Franco as they leave who are Mombell, Esson, Casoni, and Braun, as well as Terzi and his daughter Anna . Carlo goes to the Terzi home and he expresses his desire to talk about Calabresi\'s "accident". Afterwards, Carlo speaks with Anna, and he evades her questions of what he and her father spoke about. The two of them drive away together and Anna drives in full speed to evade a car with two detectives following them. Meanwhile, Franco and Lori go to talk with Bianca, and she says apologetically that she could not find anything in the house relating to her fiance\'s death. After they leave, Franco asks Lori what he kept hearing while they were talking, and Lori says it was a chain and locket around her neck and that Bianca was fidgeting with it. Elsewhere, Carlo and Anna talk over drinks at a local restaurant where she tells them about the institute\'s research of "chromosome alteration" and "XYY", the extra Y producing a "criminal tendency" in a person. Carlo then goes to see Dr. Braun at the St Peter\'s Club and he talks to the doctor about someone being after the institute\'s secret drug. Braun does not seem vexed. Bianca takes a taxi to Calabresi\'s parked car in a lot. Inside, she finds a tiny note with an appointment time at the station  written down. She tapes the note to the inside of her locket. Bianca then calls Franco and says she knows who killed Calabresi, but she will only tell him in person. As Bianca walks down the hallway of her apartment building to return to her apartment, the unseen killer attacks and strangles her with a cord. The killer rummages through her purse, but does not find anything. Franco shows Carlo a note he received in which the killer threatens the "puzzle solver" and the "journalist" or more people will die. Carlo talks to Franco that he found out that two of the doctors, Casoni, being fired from his last job, and Braun having received a lot of money. Carlo goes to see Casoni and the doctor talks about the institute\'s "wonder drug" and the "XYY pattern". Carlo then asks Dr. Mombell about XYY, and the doctor says that everyone in the institute was tested, but their results are confidential. The unseen killer approaches Carlo\'s front door and injects two milk cartons, dropped off by the local milkman, with a syringe. A little later, Carlo arrives home and brings the milk cartons inside. Anna arrives shortly thereafter and they talk about more about the research and of her results of the XYY test. Their talk leads to a kiss and they end up having sex. Afterwards, Carlo pours himself and Anna a glass of milk from one of the cartons when Franco phones saying that someone tampered with the gas line on his stove, flooding his apartment with methane gas and also may try to kill Carlo. Carlo notices the milk that had bled from the cartons from the hypodermic needle holes and knocks the glass away from Anna before she can drink it. Carlo smells and tastes the milk and deduces that it has been poisoned. The following day, Carlo meets with one of his old friends and informants, named Gigi the Loser  , for help in investigating the Terzi break-in which may have been an inside job. Carlo and Gigi break into Terzi\'s house and discover that Anna is adopted and  that Terzi apparently "adored" the woman. Carlo then goes to the police station and learns from Spimi that Bianca often met with Braun and that the cops cannot find the doctor. Carlo then runs a story in the newspaper about Braun being a suspect in the break-in, and a former gay lover of Manuel approaches Carlo and tells him where Braun is hiding. Carlo goes over to the apartment where he is attacked by Manuel . Carlo wins the fight, and sees Braun lying dead on the couch. But the police conclude that Manuel had nothing to do with the break-in and that he murdered Braun out of a jealous rage. A few days later, Franco contacts Carlo where he recalls Bianca\'s locket and suggests that the note that she found of the killer\'s name might still be there. Franco and Carlo head to the cemetery and open Bianca\'s family crypt. Carlo gets her coffin open while Franco waits by the door. Carlo finds the locket that was buried with Bianca, opens it, and discovers the note behind a metal plate and hands it to Franco. As Carlo closes the coffin, Franco shuts the crypt door, locking Carlo in. After spending a few minutes in the dark crypt, Franco opens the door again and walks inside without his dark sunglasses with a bruise on his face, and a large blade protruding from his walking cane that\'s speared with blood. Franco tells the reporter that he was attacked outside by the killer who told him that he has Lori as a captive, and was forced to give him the note. But Franco tells him that he managed to stab the killer with his cane. Meanwhile, Lori is hit on the head and put in the back of a car. Franco and Carlo find the taxi  and discover blood in the back seat. The unseen killer then calls Franco and tells him that he will hold Lori for a while and to stop investigating the break in, and the murders. Carlo goes to the police to report the kidnapping and they go to the Terzi house, and Anna comes down the stairs with cloth wrapped around her hand. Carlo tells her about the father-daughter "relationship" that he knows about and expresses suspicion about the milk incident . But Anna claims that she only cut her hand on a broken vase and was nowhere near the cemetery which was just a few hours ago. She is irate that Carlo suspects her of being the killer. But with little evidence to arrest her, Carlo and the others leave. Carlo and the police arrive at the Terzi Institute and search the place for Lori whom Carlo suspects that the killer is one of the doctors, but they find nothing. As Carlo walks on a stairwell, he finds blood on his collar, and he thinks back to the room he just came from. He returns to the room and sees blood dripping from the ceiling. He climbs up to the roof and chases an unseen person. Then the unseen person turns around and it is Casoni who hits him in the face and kicks Carlo to the ground. Casoni, with a stab wound to his stomach, goes to a back room where a gagged Lori is and prepares to stab her. Carlo runs in and tackles the killer, but gets stabbed in the chest. Just then the police arrive on the roof and chase Casoni, but he gets caught by Franco who stops him with his cane blade. Franco asks about Lori, and Casoni  tells Franco that he killed her. Enraged, Franco swings his cane at Casoni who tries to run and pushes the deranged doctor through a sky window and he falls down an elevator shaft to his death, just as Lori calls out for Franco.'] ["Judith Singer is a former Newsday reporter who misses her old life, now that her husband Bob spends most of his time at work and her time at home on Long Island has become a bore. When her dentist, Dr. Bruce Fleckstein, is found murdered, Judith sees the possibility of a story that she might be able to sell to the newspaper's editor, maybe even get her old job back. Judith might have been the last person to see Fleckstein alive, which makes detective David Suarez consider her both a possible witness and a suspect. Fleckstein was a lecher and a louse. Decked out in gold jewelry, he cheated on his wife Phyllis and preyed on his patients. Not only did Fleckstein have affairs in motels, he took compromising Polaroids of many women while they were asleep in his dentist chair. Who killed him? It could have been sculptor Nancy Miller, or perhaps Judith's next-door neighbor Peg Tuccio, or any number of possibilities. Suarez is determined to solve the case before amateur detective Judith beats him to it."] ["The story is set in motion after the brutal murder of a South African doctor who is on the brink of discovering a break through generic AIDS drug. If found to be successful, the cost-effective drug could cripple pharmaceutical giant, the Kingdom Corporation. The story explodes into a web of intrigue and danger as Kingdom's role in the doctor's death is brought into question. This, and a continent in the grips of a heartless pandemic, provide the dramatic backdrop against which heroine Dr. Thandie Khumalo's personal journey unfolds. She struggles to come to terms with her beloved colleague's murder and the loss of her friends and family to the pandemic which she has dedicated her life to fighting. Vying for her heart and mind as she searches for the truth are Lucas De Villiers, the charming yet ruthless CEO of Kingdom, and handsome fellow doctor Josh Kingsley."] ['{{Babylon5TVMovies}} In the earth year 2257, a multitude of humans and non-humans gather deep in neutral space at a new station, Babylon 5, which has recently become operational. Babylon 5 was built as a neutral venue for discussing and resolving issues between the five major spacefaring races of the galaxy, the humans, Narn, Centauri, Minbari and Vorlons. Commander Jeffrey Sinclair is in overall charge of the station. As the crew awaits the arrival of the fourth and final alien ambassador, Ambassador Kosh Naranek from the Vorlon Empire, a transport ship arrives from Earth, bearing Lyta Alexander, a human telepath who joins the station crew, and Del Varner, a civilian. Ambassador Kosh arrives two days ahead of schedule, and is on board the station less than a minute when he suddenly falls ill, apparently from poisoning. Babylon 5\'s chief medical officer, Dr. Kyle, conducts a medical investigation and seeks to prevent Kosh\'s death, while Security Chief Michael Garibaldi conducts a security investigation. Worried that, if Kosh dies, the Vorlons will attack and destroy the station, Dr. Kyle and Lt. Cmdr. Takashima persuade Lyta to perform an unauthorized mind scan on the unconscious Kosh. As she conducts the scan, Lyta sees Commander Sinclair poisoning the Ambassador. Lyta accuses Sinclair of attempted murder. A meeting of Babylon 5\'s Council, made up of delegates from all five races, resolves to extradite the Commander to the Vorlon homeworld for trial. Sinclair is told that he will be deported in twelve hours. Garibaldi comes to suspect Del Varner might have been involved in Kosh\'s poisoning. When he enters Varner\'s quarters, however, he discovers Varner dead in a fish tank. Lyta enters the medical lab, where she begins adjusting some of the settings that are keeping Kosh alive; when Dr. Kyle realizes what she\'s doing, he tries to stop her, and she attacks him. At that moment, the real Lyta Alexander enters the room; her double escapes. Upon further investigation in Varner\'s quarters, Garibaldi learns that Varner had been smuggling illegal items between systems, and that he most recently had gone to the Antares sector to acquire a changeling net; a device that can make an individual appear to look like somebody else. The crew realizes that Kosh had not been poisoned by Sinclair when he arrived at the station, but rather that he had been poisoned by someone who was using the changeling net to imitate Sinclair. Since the use of such a device would put out a lot of energy, Takashima uses her scanners to pinpoint an area of the station with a high concentration of unidentified energy use. Sinclair and Garibaldi head for that part of the station, just as a Vorlon squadron arrives in the vicinity of the station to pick up Sinclair for his voyage to the Vorlon homeworld. Sinclair and Garibaldi confront the mysterious assailant. Garibaldi is injured in the firefight and Sinclair faces the assassin himself. The changeling net is disabled, revealing the assailant to be a Minbari assassin. The assassin is a member of the Minbari warrior caste, and wanted to discredit Sinclair as retribution for Sinclair\'s role in the Earth-Minbari war ten years earlier. Sinclair asks the assassin why he did it; the assassin replies, "There is a hole in your mind." Sinclair, being informed that the assassin has triggered an explosive charge, manages to get away just before an explosion rips a hole in the station\'s hull, throwing the station off its axis, and beginning to tear the station apart from the inside. Takashima uses the station stabilizers to reestablish the station\'s axis. The Vorlon delegation, now satisfied that Sinclair is innocent, drops all charges against him. In the station\'s garden, Sinclair reveals to Delenn what the Minbari assassin had said about the "hole" in Sinclair\'s mind. Delenn claims that it is just an old Minbari insult. Sinclair, however, tells her that he had fought in the climactic battle of the Earth-Minbari war, and that there is a twenty-four hour period in the climactic battle, just before the Minbari surrendered, that he can\'t account for. Takashima declares Babylon 5 open for business.'] ["The film tells the story of John Hamilton  who's retreated to Stoneville, Connecticut, in the New England countryside, to pursue a career as a commercial artist, but his wife Linda  wants to go back to New York. She is observed as being both drunk and a little strange by the town-folk. Then his alcoholic and psychologically disturbed wife disappears one day. When she does John is suspected of killing his wife."] ['Ten complete strangers are invited to spend the weekend in a lonely mansion on an island off the English coast. Once there, they realize that none of them know their unseen host, who has identified himself only as "Mr. Owen." Using a prerecorded gramophone, Mr. Owen accuses them each of past murders that the law was unable to punish, and promises swift retribution. Soon thereafter the first guest dies, the victim of poisoning. The remaining guests come to realize that the killer is murdering them according to the old Ten Little Niggers nursery rhyme. When their attempt to locate Mr. Owen by searching the island proves fruitless, they realize that the unknown assailant is in fact one of them.'] ['Natasha O\'Brien  is a celebrated pastry chef invited to London to assist in preparing a state dinner for the Queen, organized by culinary critic Maximillian Vandeveer . Natasha\'s ex-husband, Robby  is a fast food entrepreneur  serving the "everyman" consumer while she caters to the affluent. Max is the "calamitously fat" grand gourmand publisher of a gourmet magazine and patron of several famous European chefs, each renowned for a signature dish. When Natasha arrives in London, Max is gloating over his latest issue, featuring "the world\'s most fabulous meal" which highlights the culinary masterpieces of his favorite chefs. However, Max\'s health is failing from an addiction to those chefs\' specialties. After completing the meal at Buckingham Palace, Natasha has a one-night fling with chef Louis Kohner  whose speciality is baked pigeon in crust. The next morning, Natasha finds Louis dead in a 450-degree oven. After questioning by police, Natasha, and Robby, off for Venice where Natasha is wooed by another chef, Fausto Zoppi , whose speciality is a lobster dish. When turning up for their date at his kitchen, Natasha finds Zoppi dead in a tank of lobsters. After more questioning, Natasha receives a call from Robby to come to Paris to prevent one out of a group of French chefs from being murdered. It is at this point that Natasha after a call from Max puts together what the murdered chefs had in common: they all made a dish in the aforementioned magazine article. It is now known that the next one to be killed will be Moulineau , whose speciality is pressed duck. The disturbing fact is that Natasha will be the last of the four chefs targeted, her speciality being a cake known as "Le\' Bombe Richelieu." Meanwhile, Robby and Natasha begin falling in love again while in Paris. Moulineau ends up dead, pushed headfirst into a duck-press. In London, Natasha is set to be a guest on a cooking show. Robby stays in London to keep her safe. However, when Robby is preparing to leave, he realizes that the cake that Natasha is set to light has a bomb inside of it. He arrives at the studio and rescues her just in time. The murderer turns out to be Max\'s dedicated assistant Beecham . She was motivated to kill the chefs in a vain attempt to keep Max on his severe diet by removing the focus of his addiction. In the final scene, Robby and Natasha get re-married.'] ['{{plot}} In the small Southern Italian village of Accendura, three local boys, Bruno, Michele, and Tonino are engaged in mischief. Giuseppe Barra  a local simpleton and peeping tom, who is seen spying on two rowdy swinging couples, is surprised when the three boys appear behind him and yell out, "Giuseppe\'s a big baby!" which goads him into a state of bitter resentment. Meanwhile, in the hills surrounding the village, a reclusive Gypsy witch named La Magiara , is conducting sinister black magic ceremonies, first by digging up the skeletal remains of an infant, and then plunging pins through the heads of three tiny clay dolls. It makes it clear that these are the three youths taunting Giuseppe. When Michele returns home, his housekeeper mother urges him to deliver some orange juice to their employer, Patrizia  a young woman from Milan who is lying low in the village after a drug scandal. Patrizia offers undefined sexual favors to the local adolescents when she\'s shown sexually taunting Michele. When Bruno goes missing, a media circus begins as reporters from all over Italy converge on the town. One of them is Andrea Martelli  a sharp-witted journalist from Rome whose insights into the case are acknowledged by the regional police commissioner  working with the collaboration of the village chief of police Captain Modesti . Giuseppe is soon arrested when he\'s found near the dead body of Bruno, but he protests his innocence and claims to have only discovered the body and then phoned his parents in a feeble attempt to extract a ransom. When the dead body of Tonino is found, the police realize Giuseppe is innocent. A few nights later during a thunderstorm, Michele sneaks out of his house to meet with someone he speaks to over the phone and is strangled by an unseen assailant and his body found the following morning. Martelli befriends Patrizia whom he recognizes from newspapers when he worked in Milan. Patrizia is considered a whore by rest of the insular villagers because of her modern style of dress with halter-tops and mini-skirts. Martelli also meets with the young village priest, Don Alberto Avallone  and his strangely reserved mother Aurelia . Don Alberto runs a boys group at the church  and he also encourages the boys to play soccer on the church grounds to keep them out of trouble. Don Alberto is known and respected by everyone in the village. But Aurelia is a dour mysterious woman. A villager confides in Martelli that, "she is only tolerated because she is the priest\'s mother. " Elsewhere, Captain Modesti and his aide meet with Francesco , an eccentric old hermit living in a stone hut in the hills overlooking the town, who practices black magic and offers charms and potions to the superstitious. He tells the police he has passed his knowledge of black magic to his disciple, Magiara, and also shares time with the thrill-seeking Patrizia. He is also rumored to have had  a baby from a tryst with Magiara. Angered by Francesco\'s unwillingness to co-operate with the investigation, the police hunt down and arrest Magiara. Under interrogation, she gleefully confesses to the murders. However, it seems to Modesti and the Commissioner that she believes her voodoo dolls and incantations have merely brought about the deaths of the three interfering boys, and she professes to have no interest or awareness of the physical methods used. An alibi provided by a policeman sighting Magiara miles away from the latest murder scene clinches her legal innocence and she is released. Nonetheless, the hostile and superstitious villagers are not convinced and the so-called "witch" is set upon in a local graveyard by a mob of men who beat her with chains and leave her for dead. The mortally-wounded Magiara drags herself to the nearby expressway where she futilely tries to flag down a car, and dies on the shoulder of the road. The following day, another boy is found murdered, drowned in a local stream. Patrizia herself becomes a suspect when Martelli finds her gold-plated cigarette lighter at the scene of the latest killing and while being interrogated refuses to supply an alibi for the nights of each killing. Under threat of incarceration, she\'s forced to admit she traveled outside Accendura to buy marijuana and the police release her. Martelli and Patrizia become more determined to track down the killer on their own. During further meetings with Don Alberto, Martelli learns Don Alberto\'s mother has another young child, a six-year-old girl born mentally challenged. Martelli is convinced the little girl is a witness to the killings after seeing her compulsively pulls the heads off her dolls, as if doing an imitation of the strangulations. One doll\'s head, that of Donald Duck, is found near the latest crime scene. But Martelli and Patrizia wonder: is the killer the priest or his mother? When Aurelia disappears with her daughter, Martelli and Patrizia track her down to a shack overlooking the town. When they arrive, Aurelia is found barely conscious begging them to help her stop her insane son. Don Alberto is the killer, he strangled the boys, not for their sins, but to prevent them from committing sin when they grew up, as well as to save them from the "horrors of sexuality", thus sending them to Heaven with clean souls. Don Alberto tries to throw his little sister, a witness to the crimes, off a cliff. Martelli arrives in the nick of time, and after a climatic fistfight between Martelli and Don Alberto, the insane priest loses his footing and falls of the cliff to a gruesome death.'] ['A murder case has occurred and the police are unable to find loopholes in the alibi of the main suspect, Ms Yasuko Hanaoka, thus creating obstacles in the investigation. Detective Kaoru Utsumi again sought the help of professor Manabu Yukawa who, seeing the case has nothing to do with physics, initially refuses to help. However, after a happy reunion with his genius classmate, Tetsuya Ishigami, for whom he has high admiration and who is also the neighbor of the main suspect, he senses that Ishigami is in love with Hanaoka and decides to investigate the case on his own. He succeeds in cracking the case only to reveal a sad and shocking truth that will do no good to all parties save the police. Despite having a reputation of being emotionless when solving cases, this time Yukawa is much affected by the outcome.'] [' Martin , a US student at the University of Oxford, wants Arthur Seldom  as his thesis supervisor. He idolises Seldom and has learned all about him. He takes accommodation in Oxford at the house of Mrs. Eagleton , an old friend of Seldom. Also in the house is her daughter, Beth , who is her full time caregiver — which she resents bitterly — and a musician by occupation. In a public lecture, Seldom quotes Wittgenstein\'s Tractatus to deny the possibility of absolute truth. Hoping to impress his idol, Martin disputes this, asserting his faith in the absolute truth of mathematics: "I believe in the number pi." Seldom humiliates him, ridiculing his arguments and making him look foolish in front of the audience. Disillusioned, Martin decides to abandon his studies and goes to his office to collect his belongings. There, he encounters his office-mate, a bitter mathematician Podorov , who also failed to become a student of Seldom\'s. Martin then returns to his residence, where he finds Seldom arriving to visit Mrs. Eagleton. The two men enter the house together and find Martin\'s landlady murdered. Seldom tells the police that he had received a note with his friend\'s address marked as "the first of a series". As Seldom is an authority on logical series, he argues that a serial killer is using murder as a way to challenge his intelligence. According to Seldom, "The only perfect crime that exists is not the one that remains unsolved, but the one which is solved with the wrong culprit.""Elijah wood in \'The Oxford Murders\'," Hollywood Reporter. June 28, 2010; the credit for coining this clever phrase, which was highlighted in the trailer, goes to Guillermo Martinez Martin and Seldom discuss how easily the murder of the old lady might have been overlooked, particularly as she already suffered from terminal cancer, and Martin suggests that the murderer is committing \'imperceptible murders\' - meaning that the killer is choosing victims who are already dying therefore meaning that the police would be less likely to suspect foul play. Martin goes to the hospital where his girlfriend Lorna  works. There he meets a religious fanatic , who has a daughter in dire need of a lung transplant. He also runs into Seldom, who is visiting a former student who went mad and suffers from a debilitating bone disease. Soon after, the patient who shares the room with Seldom\'s friend dies of an apparent lethal injection and the authorities receive a second symbol: two interlocking arcs. Martin and Lorna\'s relationship becomes strained as he becomes more obsessed with Seldom and the murders and discovers that Lorna had once been Seldom\'s lover. At a Guy Fawkes Night concert, Martin sees Podorov acting suspiciously and the police give chase, only to discover that Podorov had merely intended to hang an insulting banner from the school roof. While they are distracted a member of the orchestra collapses and dies from respiratory failure. A drawing of a triangle is found on his music stand. Afterwards, Seldom tells Martin a story about a nineteenth century man who had written a diary listing ways to kill his wife. When the wife discovered the diary she killed her husband but was acquitted by a jury on grounds of self defense. Decades later, the diary was discovered to have been forged by the woman\'s lover. Seldom uses this story to explain that the perfect crime is not one which is never solved, but one which is solved incorrectly. All of Oxford\'s mathematics community is excited as a local researcher claims to have solved Fermat\'s last theorem. The Mathemeticians, including Seldom and Martin board a bus to head to the conference, but Martin jumps out after seeing Lorna passing on the street. The two reconcile and agree to take a long vacation away from Oxford, Mathematics, and Seldom. After making love with Lorna, Martin realizes that the sequence the killer has sent them all consist of Pythagorean symbols and that the fourth one will be a tetractys, consisting of ten points. The police, thinking that the killer is obsessed with Seldom, believe that he means to target the bus which Seldom and the other mathematicians are on. However, the killer, as Martin realizes, is actually the man he had met at the hospital. The man is a bus driver for a school for developmentally disabled children. Seeing the students as unfit to live and wanting to provide organ donors to save his own daughter\'s life he blows up his bus, killing the children inside and himself. Afterwards the police theorize that he had planned to escape the blast alive and had committed the other murders in order to present the deaths of the schoolchildren as the work of a serial killer, thus shifting blame from himself. Afterwards, Lorna and Martin prepare to leave Oxford. However, Martin realizes that Seldom has been lying to him the entire time. As Lorna leaves in disgust, Martin travels to meet Seldom. He explains what he has figured out. Beth, wanting to be relieved of the responsibility of caring for her mother, had murdered the old woman as the police had initially suspected. In a panic she had called Seldom who came over to help cover up the crime. But Seldom arrived just as Martin did and so could not clean up the crime scene. Instead he invented the story about receiving a note from the killer in order to throw suspicion off of Beth. The man at the hospital had died of natural causes with Seldom merely creating a fake injection mark and leaving a symbol behind. The death of the musician at the concert was a fortuitous accident which Seldom took advantage of. Seldom argues that while he did indeed lie, his actions resulted in no deaths. However, Martin points out that the bus bomber took his inspiration from Seldom\'s string of murders. Seldom counters that all actions have unintended consequences and that Martin\'s flirtations with Beth had led to her murdering her mother.  The characters debate several mathematical, physical and philosophical concepts such as logical series, Wittgenstein\'s rule-following paradox, Heisenberg\'s Principle of Uncertainty, Gödel\'s Theorem, circles, the Vesica Piscis, the possibility of perfect crime, Fermat\'s Last Theorem and its proof by Professor Wiles, the Taniyama conjecture, the tetraktys and the Pythagoreans. There are references, also, of the Butterfly effect.  "Logic series" is not actually an established topic in mathematical logic or mathematics. Contrary to what Seldom states in his lecture at the beginning of the film, the argument of Wittgenstein\'s Tractatus does not actually proceed by the use of equations  and it is not expressed in the formal language of mathematical logic; the argument is rather a philosophical argument expressed in normal, albeit idiosyncratic, language. Professor Andrew Wiles, who solved Fermat\'s Last Theorem, is represented as "Professor Wilkes" of Cambridge University in the film, and Fermat\'s Last Theorem is represented as "Bormat\'s Last Theorem".'] ['On a one-week Mediterranean pleasure cruise aboard the yacht of movie producer Clinton Greene , the guests include actress Alice Wood , her talent-manager husband Anthony , talent agent Christine , screenwriter Tom Parkman , Tom\'s wife Lee , and film director Philip Dexter . The trip is, in fact, a reunion. With the exception of Lee, all were together at Clinton\'s home one year before, on the night a hit-and-run accident resulted in the death of Clinton\'s wife, gossip columnist Sheila Greene . Once the cruise is under way, Clinton, a parlor game enthusiast, informs everyone that the week\'s entertainment will consist of "The Sheila Greene Memorial Gossip Game." The six guests are each assigned an index card containing a secret—or, in Clinton\'s words, "a pretend piece of gossip" -- that must be kept hidden from the others. The object of the game is to discover everyone else\'s secret while protecting one\'s own. Each night the yacht anchors at a different Mediterranean port city, where one of the six secrets is disclosed to the entire group. The guests are given a clue, then sent ashore to find the proof of who among them holds the card bearing that night\'s secret. The game for that night ends when the actual holder of the subject secret discovers the proof. Anyone who has not yet solved the clue receives no points on Clinton\'s scoreboard for that round. Following the revelation of the first card, "YOU are a SHOPLIFTER," suspicion begins that each guest\'s card does not contain "pretend" gossip but in fact an actual, embarrassing secret. When Clinton does not return from the second evening\'s installment of the game—where the second card was revealed to be "YOU are a HOMOSEXUAL" -- the guests return ashore and discover Clinton\'s corpse. Before contacting authorities, one reveals that his card reads, "YOU are a HIT-AND-RUN KILLER." This begins a macabre game of musical chairs of sorts, with guests jousting over who lays claim to which dirty little secret. There is an increasingly growing paranoia over the obvious implication that both Sheila and Clinton were killed by somebody on this yacht. The game being played is actually just a portion of a more elaborate puzzle created by Clinton, including additional clues that are ever-present and the suggestion that any guest could win the game without even leaving the yacht. "If you\'re smart enough," Clinton taunts. Although his own diabolical game did not end as Clinton planned, characters continue to discover these clues, resulting in another death on board ship and the identity of which guest killed the host.'] ['Set in August 1944 during the V-1 Doodlebug offensive on London, a murder takes place in Heron\'s Park Emergency Hospital, a rural British hospital somewhere in the Southeast of England. Joseph Higgins  dies on the operating table after being injured by a flying bomb. The anaesthetist, Barney Barnes , has had a patient die in similar circumstances previously. Inspector Cockrill  is asked to investigate when Sister Bates  is killed after revealing that the death of Higgins was not an accident. Cockrill states at one point: "My presence lay over the hospital like a pall -- I found it all tremendously enjoyable." Cockrill\'s investigation is hampered by the conflict between Barnes and Eden  because of their competition over the affections of nurse Freddi . After another murder attempt is directed at Freddi, the inspector restages the operation in order to unmask the murderer.'] ["Artie Logan  is the new guy on Campus. Suddenly, he meets Tally Fuller: the most popular and beautiful girl at Fairfield college and she finally agrees to go on a date with him. But that night she is brutally killed by a blowtorch-wielding maniac and Artie is wrongfully arrested. Despite protests from other Police officers, detective P.J. Decker  believes Artie's story and gives him 24 hours to crack down the real killer. But, as Artie gets closer to the killer, each suspect is murdered and all the clues point to him. The campus in the film is Oklahoma State University, in Stillwater, OK. The football scenes, the stadium and the shower scene were all filmed at Union High School's Tuttle Stadium in Tulsa, Oklahoma in May 1991."] ["{{plot}} In a restroom in the White House in Washington, D.C., a janitor finds White House secretary Carla Town  dead. Metropolitan Police homicide Detective Harlan Regis , whose apartment house is awaiting demolition in favor of a parking lot, is put on the case. At the White House, Regis is introduced to U.S. Secret Service director Nick Spikings , U.S. National Security Advisor Alvin Jordan  and Secret Service agent Nina Chance . Spikings assigns Nina, a former Olympic gold-class sharpshooter, to keep an eye on Regis. Parallel to this, the White House has to deal with an impending international crisis: U.S. President Jack Neil  has been trying to deal with a situation where Americans are being held hostage in North Korea, and some people - including several members of his inner circle including Vice President Gordon Dylan - think the President is not handling it the right way. Some people think Jack should send troops to North Korea to rescue the hostages. Regis and Nina discover that Carla had an appointment in New York City and a flight from New York to the Virgin Islands, with no intention of returning to the U.S.. Coroner Jimmy Foley ([[Richard Blackburn  then tells Regis and Nina that whoever had sex with Carla on the night of the murder used a condom, meaning that no DNA was left. White House janitor Cory Allen Luchessi  was apparently unaccounted for on the night of the murder and had once attempted to make a pass at Carla; he is arrested and questioned, but his testimony and a clearly set-up piece of evidence lead Regis to suspect that the Secret Service may be involved. That night, Regis finds his apartment burglarized; the culprit escapes, and in a subsequent search, a hidden bug is found. In a picture of Carla, Regis sees Secret Service agent Burton Cash , the Secret Service agent assigned to Kyle Neil , the son of Jack Neil and First Lady Kitty Neil . Regis figures out that it was Kyle who had sex with Carla on the night of the murder. At the dance club, Regis talks to a young woman who says that Kyle once bragged that he shared Carla with his father. Carla's uncle's company, Brookline Associates, is Jack's leading East Coast fundraiser and Brookline also owns the apartment Carla lived in. Regis eventually discovers that Nina once used to be Kyle's bodyguard herself. When he confronts her, Nina explains that one night, she heard noises coming from Kyle's apartment, went in, and found Kyle beating up his girlfriend. Nina asked to be reassigned and was replaced by Burton Cash, and the Secret Service covered up the beating for Kyle so he wouldn't get arrested for assault & battery. This sparks Regis' suspicion that Kyle may actually be Carla's murderer. On the next day, Nina decides to forgo her duty and sneaks into the archive storage where she appropriates several pieces of evidence from Town's leftover possessions. Spikings finds out about this and sends Agent Cooper ([[Tom Wright  to look for Nina, who successfully avoids Cooper. She meets Regis and tells him that Carla, according to a note in an appointment book, had an appointment in New York with Craig Nisker & Associates, who have sold 5 of the top 10 scandal memoirs of all time, and they know that the appointment would be a good motive for Kyle to kill Carla. They also discover that the President and his wife were in the White House at the time of the murder, not at Camp David, like they said they were. Since Jack had also slept with Carla, he would have the same motive Kyle would have for preventing a public scandal. Regis confronts Kyle with his suspicions, who claims that he did not murder Carla, but is able to provide a special piece of information: among the bookings she made, Carla has supposedly also ordered a car - with the only hitch being that she had had no driver's license. Later on, Regis and Nina discover that the most recent entries in Carla's appointment book were forged. With some clues left by Alvin Jordan, Regis manages to find out that Spikings has withheld several surveillance video tapes from the night of the murder. Regis goes to Spikings's residence to question him, and Spikings is willing to show him the tape but is instantly killed by a sniper. Regis and Nina eventually discover that Alvin Jordan is behind everything, but things get the more difficult for them as Jordan has now framed Regis and Nina as traitors. Jordan wants Jack to resign so Dylan  can take over as President, because Dylan would not be afraid to send troops to North Korea to rescue the hostages, and Jordan believes that Jack's refusal to rescue the hostages by force makes Jack unfit to be President. Regis, Nina, and Regis's partner and friend Stengel  enter the White House tunnels while Jordan still tries to make sure Dylan can take over as President. In the tunnels, the sniper who killed Spikings for Jordan pursues them and wounds Stengel, but Nina manages to kill him. Pursued by the Secret Service, Regis just barely manages to get in contact with the President and present him with the evidence of Jordan's conspiracy. Jordan attempts to shoot the President, only for his shot to be intercepted by Nina. Jordan is then killed by the Secret Service. Nina and Stengel are brought to a hospital, where they recover from their injuries. In gratitude for his rescue, the President promises Regis to look into the commission who bought Regis's building."] ["In 19th century Paris, the famed detective Vidocq  disappears while pursuing a murderer called the Alchemist. Etienne Boisset , a young biographer of Vidocq's, follows in his footsteps and progressively uncovers Vidocq's investigations. He learns how Vidocq was first called in to investigate a series of assassinations by lightning, which led him to pursue the Alchemist. Etienne discovers that the Alchemist is a wizard of sorts who wears a mirrored mask and kills virgins to maintain eternal youth. Even the sex of the Alchemist is a mystery, because it sometimes utters mocking feminine sighs during combat with Vidocq. Etienne probes deeper into Vidocq's investigations and eventually comes to learn that the Alchemist uses virgin blood to make magical mirrors that consume human souls."] ['While Miss Marple and Mr Stringer are soliciting donations for a charity, they visit Mr Enderby, a rich and eccentric recluse. He tumbles down a staircase, apparently the victim of a fatal heart attack. Knowing that Enderby had a pathological fear of cats, Miss Marple becomes suspicious when she finds one in the house. She also finds a piece of mud bearing the print of a riding boot, but when she goes to Inspector Craddock, he is sceptical, believing that Enderby died of natural causes. Undeterred, Miss Marple eavesdrops when Enderby\'s family gather for the reading of the Will. Each of the four heirs  receives an equal share of the estate. Cora declares that she believes Enderby was murdered. The next day, when Miss Marple goes to see her, she finds Cora dead, stabbed in the back with a hatpin. Cora\'s companion of many years, timid Miss Milchrest , can provide little information. Miss Marple decides to take a "holiday" at the Gallop Hotel/riding school, as it is run by Hector Enderby  and the other two surviving heirs are staying there. Inspector Craddock questions them , but none of them can produce a satisfactory alibi for the time of Cora Lanskenay\'s death. An attempt is made to do away with Miss Marple, but is foiled by the intended victim . Miss Marple then discovers that the piece of mud found in Enderby\'s house came from shady art dealer George Crossfield\'s riding boot, but her case against him is dashed when she learns that each of the heirs visited Enderby on the day he died. Crossfield has meanwhile found out who the murderer is, but he is locked in a stall with an excitable horse and is trampled to death. By this point, Miss Marple knows the identity and motive of the killer, but has no definite proof. She therefore lays a trap, pretending to have a heart attack at a dance at the hotel while doing the twist with Stringer. The police doctor places her in a room by herself, declaring it to be too dangerous to move her until morning. During the night, the criminal makes one last attempt to silence her, but Miss Marple is ready. The killer is revealed to be Miss Milchrest, disguised as Cora. She had been after Cora\'s seemingly worthless painting.'] ["While passing by on a different train, Miss Marple witnesses the strangling of a young woman in the opposite carriage. The local police dismiss her story as the ramblings of a senile and bored old woman, so, undaunted, she conducts her own investigation, and comes to the conclusion that the body must be buried on the grounds of Ackenthorpe Hall, which adjoins the railway line. Wheedling her way into a job as housemaid there, Marple copes with the pompous machinations of her difficult employer, Luther Ackenthorpe , so she can search for the mysterious corpse, and eventually finds it while supposedly practicing her golf shots. As she begins collecting suspects, accompanied by her long suffering companion Jim Stringer , Miss Marple finds herself faced with an increasingly devious and resourceful killer, who begins casting his shadow over Ackenthorpe's heirs...  In Christie's original story, an elderly character called Elspeth McGillicuddy witnessed the murder, not her friend Miss Marple, who wasn't introduced until later. As with most of her appearances in the role, Margaret Rutherford's flamboyant, comical portrayal of the sleuth was quite different from Christie's languid, passive depiction. The tone of the novel was also changed somewhat; instead of Christie's trademark suspense and underlying darkness, the film relied heavily on light, even whimsical comedy of manners. The name of the manor house where Marple conducts her inquiries was called Rutherford Hall in the novel, and was changed to Ackenthorpe in the film to avoid comparison with the leading actress' surname."] ['Famed playwright Sidney Bruhl debuts the latest in a series of Broadway flops and returns to his opulent Long Island home and his sympathetic but sick wife, Myra. Although their financial situation is not dire, Sidney is hungry for a hit. They are starting to feel the limit of his wife\'s fortune, so he shares with her a plan. He has received a manuscript written by one of his students that he considers near perfection. Clifford Anderson recently attended one of Sidney\'s writing workshops and now asks for his input on his play "Deathtrap." Myra\'s weak heart is not improved when her husband does not rule out eliminating Clifford and producing the play as his own. He invites Clifford to their secluded Long Island home to discuss it. Clifford arrives by train. Myra tries desperately over the course of an evening to convince Sidney to work with Clifford as equal partners, but to no avail. Sidney attacks Clifford, strangling him with a chain. Sidney removes the body but still has to convince Myra to conspire with him. She reveals nothing when they receive an unexpected visit from the psychic Helga Ten Dorp, a minor celebrity who is staying with the Bruhls\' neighbors. But Helga senses pain and death in the house; before she leaves she warns Sidney about a man in boots who will attack him. As she prepares for bed, Myra is managing to come to terms with Sidney\'s diabolical deed. All is calm until Clifford bursts through the bedroom window and beats Sidney with a log. Clifford chases Myra through the house until her heart gives out; she collapses and dies. Sidney calmly descends the stairs, uninjured, and sidles unperturbed to Clifford\'s side. They exchange a few words about what to do with Myra\'s body, then exchange a passionate kiss. Clifford moves in with Sydney. The two work together at a partner\'s desk, Sidney suffering from writer\'s block but Clifford busily typing page after page of a new play that he keeps suspiciously under lock and key. While Clifford is out grocery shopping, Sidney breaks the lock and is horrified to discover that Clifford is using the true story of Myra\'s murder as the basis of a play called "Deathtrap." Unashamed, Clifford offers to share the work and the credit. Sidney demurs until Clifford insists he\'s prepared to leave him and write the play without him. A few days later, Helga stops by, ostensibly for candles in anticipation of a predicted thunderstorm. Almost immediately after meeting Clifford, she warns Sidney that Clifford is the man in boots. Sidney doublecrosses Clifford by asking him to arm himself with an axe to demonstrate a bit of stage business, then producing a gun to dispose of Clifford and "Deathtrap." But Clifford has loaded the bullets into a different gun, and he secures Sidney to a chair with manacles, unaware they were once the property of Harry Houdini. Sidney easily releases himself, grabs a crossbow and fells Clifford with a single arrow. Before Sidney can dispose of the body the storm hits with full force, plunging him into darkness. A flash of lightning illuminates the living room and a fleeting figure scurries through. It is Helga, aware of the mortal danger at the house. Sidney finds a knife while Helga grabs a gun. Clifford regains consciousness and trips Helga. The gun goes flying and a struggle for it ensues that ... ... culminates on a stage with actors before a full house, where "Clifford" stabs "Sidney" and both die, leaving "Helga" victorious. The opening night audience erupts in thunderous applause, and at the back of the house stands Helga Ten Dorp, now the happy author of a hit Broadway play called "Deathtrap."'] ['The film\'s first scene shows Mona Dearly  leaving her home and trying in vain to unlock her car. Her keys fit her son\'s car, so she takes that and drives off. In a bend, the brakes fail completely and she drives off a cliff into the Hudson River. This is observed by Clarence, who is fishing there. Chief Wyatt Rash  later observes that there are no skid marks on the road. Neither her husband Phil  nor Jeff  seem upset when they hear about Mona\'s death and they are not the only ones. Ellie  even wants to celebrate, because she feels the Dearlys have always treated Bobby  very badly. JB Landscaping is not doing well because of Jeff\'s laziness and lack of right hand and because Bobby is not very competent either. Bobby denies that he still wants to fire Jeff and that he has a problem with the Dearlys. Phil and Rona , who have an affair, meet at the Charm Motel. Phil expresses his happiness about Mona\'s death but denies involvement. Bobby meets Murph, his older brother, and denies that he has had a hand in Mona\'s death. Bobby owes his brother a lot of money, but it is suggested that he is often taken advantage of by him. Wyatt\'s investigation takes him to Jeff, who claims that Bobby threatened and attacked Mona. Lucinda, the local mechanic specializing in the Yugo  informs Wyatt that Mona\'s car  had been tampered with in multiple ways. Phil tells Wyatt that he was a battered husband, Mona having hit him after having accused him of having an affair. He also claims that Jeff and Mona had had an argument on the evening before the accident. Bobby tells Wyatt that he hated Mona and that they had had an argument over Jeff\'s pay. Mona would not let him dissolve the partnership. Phil and Jeff leave Mona\'s wake very early. Meanwhile, Wyatt breaks into the Dearly\'s and finds out that Mona\'s and Jeff\'s car keys have been switched. Phil expresses his gratitude to Bobby for killing Mona. Bobby then confesses to Ellie that he rigged Jeff\'s car, because Jeff was destroying their business. Ellie then announces that she is pregnant. This conversation is overheard by Clarence. Phil now tells Wyatt that he spotted Bobby near the Dearly residence on the night prior to the accident, claiming that he did not say this earlier because Wyatt and Bobby are soon to be family. Jeff, who it turns out is also involved with Rona, finds out about Phil\'s affair with her. Phil later spots them making love. Bobby tells Wyatt that Mona threatened him, not the other way around, and that he was in the Hideaway the evening before the accident, which as Valerie tells Wyatt is not true. Murph later tries to cover Bobby on this. Valerie also gives him a sharp gardening tool with the letters "JB" on it. Phil is discovered dead in a pond at the Charm Motel. Murph tells this to Ellie, who fears that Bobby, who left their house that night, has killed again. When Rona finds out, she tries to leave town. A flashback shows Jeff not helping Phil when he fell into the water after Phil threatened Jeff that he was going to expose him, Rona, and Bobby. The police learn that Jeff is threatening suicide because of Rona\'s leaving. Jeff also states that Phil was not his real father and that Mona chopped off his right hand when they fought over a bottle of beer, but that in spite of all this he did not kill either of them. Wyatt manages to take the gun away from Jeff. Wyatt then tells Bobby in private that Clarence confessed killing Phil, because he could not stand the idea of Bobby going to jail, especially with the baby on the way. A flashback shows how Phil, having spotted Bobby rig the car, tampers with it some more, which is observed by Clarence, and then, inside the house, switches the keys.  It must be emphasized that because of the use of flashbacks this may not be what really happened. Wyatt promises Bobby to keep quiet about Bobby\'s involvement as long as he takes good care of Ellie and the baby. In the final scene, Bobby and Ellie get married and Clarence gets taken away.'] ['{{Plot}} The titular Mindhunters are a group of young FBI students who are undergoing training as profilers. They travel with their instructor Jake Harris  to a small island off the coast of Virginia in order to complete a profiling exercise. The island is used as a training facility by the FBI and the military where a mock town has been constructed. Harris has arranged an elaborate training scenario for his students whereby their mission is to create a profile of a serial killer who has committed a murder in the town. The students include Bobby , a young man with a talent for fixing things; Vince , a wheelchair-using ex-cop who goes nowhere without his gun; Nicole , a smoker who is attempting to quit; Sara , a talented but insecure profiler who is also petrified of drowning; Gabe , an outside observer; Rafe ([[Will_Kemp_, a very intelligent, caffeine-powered British investigator; Lucas , a supposedly fearless man whose parents were killed when he was a child; and J.D. , their leader and Nicole\'s lover. They arrive on the island and commence their investigation the following day. The group encounters an elaborate, Rube Goldberg or Heath Robinson style trap. J.D.\'s position as leader of the group prompts him to investigate it more closely. His actions have fatal consequences as he is killed by liquid nitrogen. Convinced that this was not an accident, the group heads to the dock to leave the island. They fear that a killer is on the island with them. Their actions trigger another trap, this one destroying the boat they were going to use in order to escape. While recuperating from the last trap, Rafe makes some coffee which turns out to be drugged, knocking everyone out. They come to discover that Rafe has been decapitated and exsanguinated while unconscious and that the killer has painted an elaborate group of numerical ciphers using Rafe\'s drained blood. Tensions run high among the group, and rest of the film focuses on their efforts to find and use messages from the killer as well as the resources at hand  to learn when more victims will be killed while attempting to deduce which of them is the killer. At first, suspicions seem to point to Gabe because of a map of the island found next to his bed. He temporarily deflects this when he saves Vince from yet another trap, although this indirectly leads to Bobby\'s death; due to his mechanical nature & while trying to shut off a water valve, he unknowingly triggers a device that fires a harpoon-tipped fletchet into his neck. Later, the results of a blood analysis collected from scraped skin samples found under Rafe\'s fingernails point to Sara, who denies being the killer; Lucas supports her. Nicole ultimately decides she cannot trust any of her colleagues and leaves while holding the others at gunpoint, resulting in her death; the stress of the situation causes her to relapse into her smoking addiction and while walking outside, she finds spontaneously vended pack of cigarettes. She steps out to smoke one and quickly learns that it has been laced with a strong acid, which eats her alive from the inside as Gabe and Lucas stare on in horror. Sara, meanwhile, finally deduces that the traps are based on their strengths, talents, and weaknesses and the remaining profilers elect to stick together, to keep an eye on each other. Unexpectedly, the island\'s speakers begin to broadcast a taunting message from none other than Harris, making them realize that he did not leave the island, though he led the profilers to believe that he had; convinced that he has been the killer all along, they search for him. Later, however, Sara, Gabe and Lucas find Harris and two other FBI agents next to him, all dead; Harris has been strung up to wires from the ceiling as a sort of marionette, just like the fake crime scene that they were to investigate. The three survivors quickly realize that the killer is one of them, and in the shootout that ensues, Gabe seemingly takes out Lucas. At the same time, Vince manages to crawl to the elevator but hears someone coming toward him. He fires his gun  at the stranger, but it has been tampered with by the killer and explosively misfires, sending shards into his face and arm. Gabe and Sara then confront each other, each believing the other to be the serial killer. Lucas, who was wearing a bullet-proof vest, returns and jumps Gabe from behind. The two violently attack one another, eventually falling through a glass ceiling. Gabe starts to get up but is knocked unconscious by Sara, who then begins to tend to Lucas. Sara explains to Lucas the trick up her sleeve: she set a trap taking into account the killer’s obsession with time. However, this reveals that Lucas, not Gabe, is the real mastermind. Lucas says he was the one who murdered his parents, but after no one suspected him, he grew bored and required more intelligent peers as worthy prey. Lucas muses that Sara has another weakness besides a fear of water: "Me". Lucas tries to drown Sara, but she manages to kick him into the water and an underwater gunfight ensues. In the end, after a feigned drowning, Sara gains the upper hand and wounds Lucas. Intending to survive, Lucas begins to taunt her about the evidence he planted blaming her, until Gabe reappears: he is the last witness. In a last desperate effort, Lucas attempts to regain his weapon, forcing Sara to kill him. The film ends with Sara and Gabe flagging down a helicopter together. As they move to board, Sara wonders whether or not she has achieved profiler status.'] ['Miss Withers  discovers the dead body of her colleague, music teacher Louise Halloran , in a schoolroom. She summons her old friend, Inspector Oscar Piper , but by the time he arrives, the corpse has disappeared. Having watched the only entrance , Miss Withers knows the killer must still be inside. When the police search the building, Detective Donahue  is knocked out in the basement. Meanwhile, Miss Withers notices various clues, including a tune on the blackboard in Halloran\'s classroom. The body is found being burned in the basement furnace. Then, the fire alarm goes off; the murderer has escaped. Oscar Schweitzer , the school\'s drunkard janitor, had some financial quarrel with Halloran. Piper arrests him, but Miss Withers does not believe he is the one they are after. She goes to the dead woman\'s apartment, which she had shared with her friend and school secretary, Jane Davis . There she discovers that Halloran held one of the tickets for the Irish Sweepstakes. A newspaper account reports it is for the favorite in the race and is already worth $50,000. If the horse were to win, the amount would be $300,000. Davis claims she had a half share in the ticket, giving her a motive for murder. Also, her teacher boyfriend Addison Stevens  admits that Halloran was attracted to him. MacFarland , the womanizing head of the school, asks Withers to investigate the crime, but suspiciously suggests she leave town to check out Halloran\'s relatives. Snooping around, she finds a fragment of a burnt love letter from him to Halloran. Later, during another search of the basement, the light is turned off and someone throws a hatchet at Miss Wither\'s head. After getting over her fright, she triumphantly points out to Piper that Schweitzer could not be the killer, as he is still in jail. Then, they see a newspaper report that he has escaped. It is discovered that the victim was already dying of "pernicious anemia of the bones". When Donahue comes to in the hospital, he cannot remember what happened, but Miss Withers has Piper tell the newspapers that Donahue knows the killer\'s identity. When the murderer sneaks in to Donahue\'s hospital room to poison his medicine, the trap is sprung. The criminal turns out to be Addison Stevens.  Seeing no escape, Stevens drinks the poison himself, but reveals his motive before dying. He and Halloran were secretly married last summer. However, when his feelings changed, she would not give him up. He tried poisoning her slowly , but she became suspicious, forcing him to act more decisively. Later, when Miss Withers calls to console Davis, she is disillusioned when annoying Detective "Smiley" North  answers the telephone and reveals he is having breakfast with the pretty woman.'] ["The great detective Sherlock Holmes and his trusted companion Dr. John Watson travel to New York City to investigate a recent threat made by Professor Moriarty. During their investigation, Holmes and Watson are reunited with their old acquaintance Irene Adler, now a popular music-hall singer, who reveals that Moriarty has kidnapped her son. Moriarty has also left a note for Holmes informing him that he will be approached by the police soon for aid in a crime, and should he not refuse- Moriarty also informing him that he should provide no reason for his refusal- the boy will die. Holmes is subsequently contacted by the NYPD regarding the recent apparent theft at the New York bank, with the entire vault of gold bars having vanished seemingly overnight. To protect the child, Holmes refuses the case, but he and Watson later manage to track down and rescue the boy, thus removing Moriarty's blackmail card. Investigating the vaults, and quickly ruling as impossible the actual removal of many tonnes of gold via a narrow tunnel in the time available, Holmes swiftly determines what has taken place; based on the speed of the lift's descent, it should take them 45 seconds to reach the vaults, but they stopped after only 42 seconds. From this, Holmes deduces that Moriarty had an empty, duplicate vault built a few metres above the real one, subsequently planting wooden boards to stop the lift reaching the real vault. While everyone puzzled over how the bars were stolen from the false vault, Moriarty would actually be stealing them from the real one below. The case is solved. As Holmes and Adler say their goodbyes, Adler comments that her son has a keen intellect and a certain knack for solving puzzles, implying that Holmes may be his father. The two nevertheless part ways with Adler giving Holmes a picture of her son to keep."] ['John Berlin  is a former Los Angeles cop teetering toward burnout after the collapse of his marriage. At the invitation of an old friend and colleague, Freddy Ross , Berlin heads to rural northern California, for a job with the Eureka police force. Instead, Berlin prickles his new colleagues, especially John Taylor , who was passed over for promotion in order to make room for Berlin. After finding a woman\'s severed hand in a garbage bag at the local dump, Berlin reopens the case of an unidentified murdered girl, nicknamed "Jennifer", which went unsolved despite a full-time six-month effort by the department. Berlin notices scars on the severed hand\'s fingers and realizes that they came from reading Braille, determining that the girl is blind. He begins to believe the cases are related. Berlin does his best to convince Freddy and his fellow officers of his suspicions, but Taylor, and police chief Citrine , refuse to believe that the hand found at the dump is in any way connected to the other cases. After consulting his former colleagues in L.A., Berlin discovers that in the previous four years, six women, most of them blind, have either been found dead or are still missing, all within a 300 mile radius of San Diego. He becomes convinced that "Jennifer" was the 7th victim and the girl whose hand was found at the dump is "Jennifer 8", or victim #8. While investigating the links between the dead and missing blind girls, he meets blind music student Helena Robertson , determining that her roommate Amber was the eighth victim. Berlin becomes obsessed with the case, despite an almost complete lack of hard evidence, and becomes romantically involved with Helena, who resembles his ex-wife. After an attack on Helena, Ross accompanies Berlin on a stakeout at the institute where Helena lives in a dorm, after leaving Helena with Ross\' wife Margie . When they see a flashlight shining on the same floor as Helena\'s apartment, Berlin investigates and is knocked unconscious by the killer, who then shoots and kills Ross with Berlin\'s .32 pistol. After a grueling interrogation by FBI special agent St. Anne , Berlin figures out that the killer is Taylor, whose killing spree began when he was a San Diego detective and was prompted by a childhood spent attending a school for the blind, where his mother, also blind, was a teacher. Berlin tries to tell St. Anne and Citrine what he has learned, but St. Anne and Citrine refuse to believe him. Berlin is arrested for Ross\'s murder, but is bailed out by Margie, who believes that Berlin is not the killer. When Berlin hears that Margie has taken Helena back to the institute, Berlin knows Helena and Margie are in danger, because Taylor believes Helena to be a witness to his abduction of her roommate Amber and intends for her to be his next victim. Margie masquerades as Helena, and is chased by Taylor at the dorm. Taylor catches up and threatens her, then is shocked when the woman that he thinks is Helena turns around and he sees Margie\'s face - and a revolver pointed right at him. Margie shoots Taylor, avenging her husband\'s death and closing the case.'] ['Chevy Chase once again plays the reporter Irwin M. "Fletch" Fletcher, who learns that he has inherited a plantation in Louisiana. Upon arriving, Fletch\'s aunt\'s lawyer is murdered, leaving Fletch to unravel the mystery. In order to catch the real killers and clear his name, Fletch dons a series of disguises and infiltrates the congregation of television evangelist Jimmy Lee Farnsworth , who the audience is led to believe wants to gain control of Fletch\'s land in order to build a Christian theme park. It is subsequently revealed that, in actuality, a chemical company wants the land so it can dump its toxic waste there. Fletch Lives was filmed in Louisiana.'] ['After his leading lady  commits suicide, Alex Dennison (played by [[Robert Preston  is left heartbroken and believes she was actually murdered. On the anniversary of her death, he gathers the cast and crew of his last play in an old Broadway theatre in order to find out what really happened that fateful night.'] ["In 1939, a new radio network based at station WBN in Chicago, Illinois begins its inaugural night. The station's owner, General Walt Whalen, depends on his employees to impress main sponsor Bernie King. This includes writer Roger Henderson, assistant director Penny Henderson , page boy Billy Budget, engineer Max Applewhite, conductor Rick Rochester, announcer Dexter Morris, director Walt Whalen, Jr. and stage manager Herman Katzenback. After King commissions rewrites on the radio scripts, the WBN writers get angry, adding to the fact that they have not been paid in weeks. When Ruffles Reedy, a trumpet player, falls dead from rat poisoning, a series of events ensue. Director Walt Jr. is hanged , and his father, the General, has the Chicago Police Department  get involved to solve the murder mysteries as the nightly radio performance continues. Herman Katzenback is then killed after attempting to fix the main stage when the machinery malfunctions. Penny is appointed both stage manager and director due to Walt Jr. and Katzenback's deaths. Writer Roger Henderson tries to solve the killings, much to the annoyance of the police, led by Lieutenant Cross. Because Roger unfortunately appears at every scene of crime just as the murders take place, he is ruled as the prime suspect. Roger and Billy Budget then theorize that announcer Dexter Morris is the next to die. Dexter ignores their warning and is killed from electrocution. By going through private documents in WBN's file room, Roger finds that the victims all previously worked together at a radio station in Peoria, Illinois, which he then correlates into a secretive FCC scandal. King  and General Whalen  are the next to die after Roger's warning, causing even more suspicion from the police. After escaping from custody, Roger uses Billy to communicate and send scripts to Penny. When rewriting one of programs, Gork: Son of Fire, Roger attempts to write the script with self-reference events, proving to everyone that the mysterious killer is actually sound engineer Max Applewhite. Max explains that his killings were a revenge scheme that dealt with stock holders and patents, specifically detailing his invention of television, which other scientists have copied. Roger and Penny are taken by Max atop the radio tower at gunpoint. Max is eventually killed when a biplane shows up and guns him down. Impressed by the nightly performance, the sponsors decide to fund WBN's career in broadcasting. Roger and Penny reconcile their complex relationship and decide not to divorce."] [" Constance, Countess of Trentham , and her lady's maid, Mary Maceachran  travel to Gosford Park for the weekend. On the way, they encounter actor Ivor Novello , American film producer Morris Weissman  and Weissman's valet, Henry Denton . At the house, they are greeted by Sir William McCordle , Lady Sylvia McCordle  and their daughter, Isobel . The other guests include Lady Sylvia's sisters, Louisa, Lady Stockbridge  and Lady Lavinia Meredith  and their husbands, Raymond, Lord Stockbridge  and Commander Anthony Meredith . Also in attendance are the Honourable Freddie Nesbitt  and his wife, Mabel ; Isobel's suitor, Lord Rupert Standish  and his friend Jeremy Blond . Commander Meredith is in financial difficulty and brings up the matter with Sir William, who reveals that he is rescinding his investment in Meredith's new scheme. Sir William also intends to stop paying Lady Trentham's allowance. Mary and Lord Stockbridge's valet, Parks  are attracted to one another. Denton asks a number of questions about life in service and Parks reveals that he was raised in an orphanage. Denton meets Lady Sylvia and during the night, he goes to her room. During the pheasant shoot Sir William is slightly injured by a low shot. Commander Meredith pleads with Sir William not to back out of the investment. During dinner, Lady Sylvia attacks Sir William, implying that he was a World War I profiteer. The head housemaid, Elsie , rises to his defence, thus revealing their affair. Sir William goes to the library, where the housekeeper, Mrs. Wilson  brings him coffee. He demands a glass of whisky instead. Lady Sylvia asks Mr. Novello to entertain the guests. George , Parks, Mr. Nesbitt and Commander Meredith disappear and an unknown man goes to the library and stabs Sir William. Commander Meredith and Mr. Nesbitt do not offer an explanation of their disappearances, while George was fetching milk for the coffee service and Parks was fetching hot water bottles. Lady Stockbridge goes to the library and her screams bring everyone to the room. Inspector Thomson  and Constable Dexter  arrive to investigate the murder. Dexter suggests that Sir William was already dead when he was stabbed. Denton confesses to Jennings , the butler, that he is not a valet but an American actor preparing for a movie role. The next morning, Lady Sylvia goes for her morning ride, which surprises Inspector Thomson. Barnes  overhears Commander Meredith tell Lady Lavinia that Sir William's death was lucky for them, as the investment is now secure. Barnes tells Inspector Thomson, who interrogates Meredith. Mrs. Croft  tells the kitchen maid, Bertha , that Sir William was known for seducing the women working in his factories. If a woman became pregnant, Sir William offered two choices: keep the baby and lose your job, or give the baby up and keep your job. Those who gave up their babies were told that the adoptions were being arranged with good families. In reality, Sir William paid orphanages to take the children. Mary goes to Parks's room and tells him that she knows he is the murderer. Parks tells her that he discovered Sir William was his father, entered service and attempted to gain employment with someone in his circle. Parks tells Mary that he did not poison Sir William and Mary is relieved, as Parks only stabbed the corpse. Mary listens to Lady Sylvia and Lady Trentham discussing why Mrs. Croft and Mrs. Wilson are enemies. Lady Sylvia believes that the tension between them stems from the fact that Mrs. Wilson now outranks Mrs. Croft. Lady Trentham asks if Mrs. Wilson was ever married and Lady Sylvia replies that her name was once Parks or Parker. Mary goes to Mrs. Wilson and the older woman reveals that she poisoned Sir William in order to protect her son, as she knew that Parks was there to kill Sir William. She also reveals that she and Mrs. Croft are sisters. After talking to Dorothy , Mrs. Wilson goes to her room and is comforted by Mrs. Croft. The guests leave and Lady Sylvia enters Gosford Park, while Jennings closes the door."] ["The Grandview is a sprawling Californian hotel with a terrible secret: single blonde visitors who check in don't check out. Hotel detective Rick Stewart ([[David Bailey  begins investigating what's happened to a handful of vanishing guests but he soon becomes personally involved when his brunette ex-wife, Lisa James , arrives for a singing engagement at the hotel. When Lisa dons a blonde wig for her performance, she finds herself the next target of a psychopathic killer."] ['In November 1903, young women are being killed in London, each with a silk stocking shoved down her throat. Watson seeks help from the retired and bored Holmes, who determines that the victims are well-born ladies, not prostitutes. Evidence found include a thumbprint, a pair of ladies\' dancing shoes, broken glass, a strong smell of chloroform, and a silk stocking removed from a victim\'s gullet. It seems the killer has a foot fetish. Holmes questions a survivor - a young girl who was apparently set free by her captor because she has a club foot - and arranges for her to "accidentally" see the footman that he suspects is the killer, despite his ironclad alibis. The girl identifies him as her kidnapper, but the thumbprint clears the suspect. Holmes then baits a trap for the killer: he uses the sister of a victim and has her perform in a classical tableau at an event attended by the King and Queen. Her Grecian-Roman costume is revealing, and her sandals expose her feet. After the performance, she walks away to be alone; the suspect drugs her and is quickly caught by Holmes and placed in custody. The sister returns home and is tucked into bed by her father. However, the suspect\'s thumbprint doesn\'t match the evidence. Holmes suspects the killer has an identical twin, and that the real killer is still on the loose. Holmes telephones the father of the "bait" sister to warn him, but the real killer kidnapped her from her bed just minutes earlier. The audience sees the killer carrying her over his shoulder as blood drips from her face, where he cut her with broken glass. The police force the other twin to lead them to his brother, but he escapes the police. Holmes finds the killer and his victim just in time; the young woman has a silk stocking tied around her neck, and Watson has to cut it and perform something that looks like CPR. Holmes gets the killer twin to confess that he wanted his victims\' attention, because they looked at him while in captivity. Both twins are then taken into custody. At the end, Watson marries an American psychiatrist and leaves on honeymoon, and Holmes is left sitting alone at the table.'] ['An eccentric descendant of the Borgias lives in a castle in the middle of the Mojave Desert. Someone gets killed.'] ['Donna Marton has been having an affair with the President of the United States for several months, regularly meeting with him for assignations in a safe house in Washington, D.C.. She is always picked up in a car by a Secret Service agent. In Moscow, an agent in the Kremlin manages to get hold of a secret document identifying Donna Marton as a KGB agent sent to spy on the president. This document is passed back to Washington where it comes into the possession of the CSA . They begin to put Donna Marton under surveillance. The same day, her brother Ben Marton - a Washington businessmen and occasional courier for the CSA - arrived back in the city. On the plane he meets and romances Mugsy Evans. When Donna Marton suddenly turns up dead in her apartment moments before she was due to be picked up by her Secret Service driver, he begins to investigate. He discovers her affair with the President, and through his contacts with the Secret Service, he discovers a CSA agent was seen leaving her apartment building around the time of his death. The Secret Service agent who regularly drove Donna, informs him that the CSA were there, but before any more information can be passed on he is killed. Realising now that the CSA had played a large role in her death, Ben Marton confronts the head of the CSA who tells him it was the Soviets who killed her, and that she was a Soviet agent. He explains that the man who probably performed the deed was the head KGB agent in Washington, Anatoly. Anatoly is the Soviet Naval Attaché who he interrogates at gunpoint in the car. He tells him everything he knows - that the classified document identifying Donna Marton as a Soviet agent was a fake, designed to throw the CSA off-balance, which had always been intended to fall into American hands. The KGB had thus hoped to destabilise the White House during crucial talks with China.'] ['Charlie Chan and his son Tommy investigate the shenanigans that results from a furtive gang trying to steal radar secrets from a radio station.'] ['Margaret McGinty, a barmaid and former actress, is found hanged, and her lodger, Harold Taylor, caught at the scene, seems plainly guilty. Everyone believes it to be an open-and-shut case ... except for Miss Marple. She is the lone holdout in the jury that tries him, leading to a mistrial. Despite the disapproval of Inspector Craddock, Miss Marple decides to delve into the case. She poses as a gatherer for a church \'jumble sale\' to enter and search Mrs. McGinty\'s home. She finds a newspaper with words cut out and several programs for a murder mystery play recently performed in the town. These clues lead her to suspect Mrs. McGinty of blackmailing a member of the repertory company. She auditions for the repertory theatre players, the Cosgood Players, under their actor/manager Driffold Cosgood . Cosgood is unimpressed by her acting ability, but as she is willing to work for free and mentions she is independently wealthy, takes her on. Miss Marple knows she is on the right track when actor George Rowton  is poisoned moments later. She secures accommodation in the boarding house in which the cast are staying to further her investigation and Cosgood leaves a copy of his play Remember September in her bedroom to read. Narrowly avoiding an attempt to silence her , Miss Marple unmasks the killer. Cosgood appeals to her to finance Remember September, but she says "Mr Cosgood, whatever else I am, I am definitely no angel."'] ['A group of detectives, each accompanied by a relative or associate, is invited to "dinner and a murder" by the mysterious Lionel Twain . Having lured his guests to his mansion  managed by a blind butler and a deaf-mute cook, Twain announces that it is in fact he who is the greatest detective in the world. In order to prove his claim, he challenges the guests to solve a murder which will take place in the house at midnight that very night; a reward of $1 million will be presented to the winner. Before midnight, the butler is found dead, and at midnight Twain himself appears, also dead; the cook is discovered to have been an animated mannequin, now packed in a storage crate. The party spends the rest of the evening investigating, dining and bickering. They are manipulated by a mysterious behind-the-scenes force, confused by red herrings, baffled by the "mechanical marvel" that is Twain\'s house and ultimately find their own lives threatened. The ending piles on twist after twist as each sleuth presents his or her theory on the case. After a brutal night during which one pair is almost killed by a snake, another by a scorpion, another by a falling ceiling, a fourth by poison gas and the fifth by a bomb, they all collect in the office where the butler—believed to have been murdered earlier—is sitting behind the desk very much alive and not at all blind: "The butler did it". However, each detective then claims that the butler is in fact various incarnations of Twain\'s associates  or even his daughter. At first the butler plays the part of each of the persons with whom he\'s identified, but then pulls off a mask to reveal Lionel Twain himself, very much alive. Twain then disparages each of the detectives  for the way in which the plots in their adventures have been handled, including: introducing crucial characters at the last minute for the traditional "twist in the tale"  and withholding clues and information that made it impossible for the reader to find out who had done it. None of the detectives walks away with the million dollars. It is not clear whether any murder has actually taken place. In the last spoken line of the movie, Sydney Wang, when asked if there had been a murder or not, replies "Yes; killed good weekend!" After the guests leave, Twain pulls off another mask, revealing "himself" to be Yetta, the cook.'] ['The film noir concerns a doctor at a Canadian hospital in the province of Quebec, Canada who receives a series of poison pen letters. Later, more letters all signed with the mysterious pseudonym "Raven," are delivered to others in the small Canadian town. The wife of the doctor receives a letter accusing her of having an affair. One letter informs a shell-shocked veteran that he is dying of cancer, causing the distraught man to commit suicide. Quickly, the townsfolk begin pointing fingers at all possible suspects.'] ['The films opens on an old abandoned house and our leading character, Marie Morgan . As she sits down at the banquet table inside, she thinks back to the banquet that was held there 13 years before. A banquet set for 13 guests. However the 13th guest to this banquet never arrived. Now, 13 years later, the 12 attending guests are being murdered and set once again at the banquet table.'] 