["Sasori is outside the prison and on the run from the police, wanted for breaking out of prison and murder. On her trail is detective Kondo . She takes refuge with a woman who has a brother with a learning disability. The woman and her brother are also involved in an incestuous relationship. Both the police and an ex-prison mate of Sasori's pursue her."] ['A couple of newlyweds, Olga and Michael, are traveling along the desert and accidentally trespass on the property of Magda Urtado , who is the director of a boot camp of sorts, where the women are treated as slaves and are half naked at all times. Magda keeps Olga in captivity while Michael is free to go, but later on in the film he plans an escape for Olga. She goes to work with the other girls out in the hot desert, and from there the plot just goes out in all different directions. There are a couple subplots in which a few of the workers are sent out to be hookers, one where a worker participates in a deadly game of cat and mouse, and one where the Governor  is having trouble getting it on with his wife so he buys a couple of the workers to help him perform. There is also a scene where the Governor is finally able to have sex with his wife, but only while watching one of the females be raped by a dog. Director Jess Franco also stars in the movie as an obviously gay man.'] ['Affinity is set in Victorian England; the story of an upper-class woman, Margaret , who becomes an official "Visitor" to a woman\'s prison; however, she becomes emotionally attached to one of the inmates, Selina . As the story progresses through Selina\'s shady background, and Margaret\'s dislike of her home life; a plot to break out of the prison develops. But just what the plan is, and who calls the shots is yet to be discovered.'] ["Linda Blair of The Exorcist stars as Carol Henderson, an immature and naive teenager who is sentenced to 18 months in a women's prison after killing a man by accident after driving drunk. Once she arrives, she meets the vicious and perverted Warden Backman . She also encounters the two kingpin prisoners, Ericka  and Duchess , who are the leaders of factions in the facility's seething racial tensions. There are also the drug-dealing lesbian rapists and the prostitutes, who answer to the warden's assistant, Captain Taylor . In the meantime, Taylor's lover is clandestinely having an affair with Ericka. It's a whirlwind of dread and fury, but when the facility's corrupt administration goes too far, racial considerations are put aside as convicts of all colors and nationalities band together to fight them.allmovie (("] ["The action opens in a woman's prison, located on an island in the South Seas. Lee Daniels  is the girlfriend of the island's biggest pimp and drug dealer, and she just ran off with $40,000.00USD of his money. Karen Brent  is a leading member of the local anarchist group. Lee and Karen are two of the newest inmates at an all-woman's penitentiary. It's not too long before the warden ships the pair off to another facility - where they are stopped in route by a group of Karen's fellow revolutionaries who are keen to free her. During the big gun battle, things go horribly wrong - the federals find reinforcements, the revolutionaries run, and Lee and Karen flee chained together. So begins their flight across the island. Each girl wants to go different directions - with Karen wanting to overthrow the government and Lee wanting to leave the island with her money - but they can't unlock their chains. Eventually, the two put aside their differences long enough to save their skins from the ogreish and murderous whoremaster. Meanwhile, hunting the pair is the lecherous Ruben  a displaced cowboy."] ["Collier  enters prison, having been found guilty of killing her husband. She is introduced to the pulchritudinous companions of her cell, in for crimes ranging from political insurgency to heroin addiction. The women trade tiffs, which leads to their torture by sadistic guard Lucian . The torture ceremonies are viewed by an impassive cloaked figure. Collier's cellmates Alcott and Bodine  plan to escape. Collier and another cellmate Ferina  agree to go along. Assisting is their other lesbian cellmate Grear , though there are doubts Grear's heroin addict girlfriend Harrad  will be equipped to escape. Ferina, Alcott and Bodine break from the solitary confinement sauna and take their revenge on Lucian. The escapers wield guns, attitude, and a vacillating feminist/submissive sexuality to free themselves. During their escape they round up various personnel from the prison as hostages, taking elegant prison warden Miss Dietrich , sympathetic prison medic Dr Phillips ([[Jack Davis , and two local men regularly allowed access to the prison to sell market produce, Harry  and Fred ."] ['Nami Matsushima  is set up by her boyfriend, a crooked police detective named Sugimi  to win favor with the Yakuza. She is raped by several drug dealers. She makes a failed attempt to stab Sugimi on the steps of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Headquarters. She is sentenced to do hard time in a women\'s prison. Matsushima is given the number 701. The prison is run by sadistic and horny male guards. The prisoners are forced to walk up and down a stair-like contraption naked with lecherous male guards watching from below. While in prison she meets inmates like Yuki Kida  who was committed for fraud and theft, Otsuka , jailed for burglary and extortion, and Katagiri  who has been impounded for arson and illegally disposing of a body. On the outside, Sugimi and the Japanese mafia orchestrate a plan in which Matsushima will succumb to an "accidental" death in prison. They enlist the help of Katagiri, pulling on her ties to both Sugimi and the mafia, and quickly set their plan in motion. Matsushima is attacked in the shower but defends herself, wounding the attacker. She is punished by being held bound by ropes in solitary confinement. A group of trustees including Katagiri torments her. One of them torments her by pouring hot soup on her. Matsushima is able to trip the trustee and make her spill the vat of hot soup over herself, causing horrible burns. Matsushima is forced to dig dirt holes for two days and nights straight. She kills a woman who attempts to attack her during this digging by tripping her and breaking her neck. Matsushima is hung and tied from the ceiling while being beaten by her fellow prisoners. After a riot, Matsushima escapes and kills all the Yakuza and Sugimi with a dagger. The film ends with Matsushima walking alone back in prison.'] ['Prison-A-Go-Go! tells the story of a sweet, innocent young woman named Callista who is abducted for "scientific reasons” and taken far away. Now it is up to her bright sister, Janie to solve the mystery and take a crack at rescuing her little sister. But the only clue she finds leads to a notorious prison in the Philippines, where committing a crime may be the only way in. The film was marketed as being filled with multiple shower scenes, girls running amok, kung fu food fights, ninjas, mutant zombies, evil scientists, genetic mutation, and mud wrestling.Prison-A-Go-Go! - INFO'] ["A buxom bad girl named Blossom  is the rough-and-ready girlfriend of a radical guerrilla leader named Django . But when Django's mercenary friends itch for some female companionship, they devise a plan to liberate the inmates of a local women's prison. With the help of another new inmate , Blossom and Django go up against a tyrannical warden  to stage an explosive breakout."] ["Nami Matsushima is found in a wedding chapel by police led by detective Hirose. They handcuff her, but she is able to escape. Kudo, a worker in a sex show club, rescues her. He is a radical with a history of problems with the police. One of the women from the sex show, who had unsuccessfully tried to seduce Kudo, finds Nami's handcuffs in Kudo's things, and informs the police. The police arrest and beat Kudo and then release and tail him back to Nami's hiding place. Nami is captured and sentenced to death. Just before her execution, Nami is allowed to escape by a warden who cooperating with the police to set up Nami. Nami is taken to a gallows outside the prison where Hirose plans to hang her. She beats Hirose and he ends up hanged instead of her. Nami kills Kudo."] ["Nami Matsushima is locked up and bound in underground solitary confinement. She makes a weapon out of a spoon by holding it in her mouth and grinding it against the concrete floor. The chief warden, Goda, is to be promoted to a higher post shortly. When an inspector visits the prison, Matsushima is brought out of confinement for one day. During the inspection, Matsushima makes a surprise attack on Goda and scratches his face. The other prisoners start to riot, but the guards defuse the situation. The prisoners are punished by being sent to an intensive labour camp. Goda believes that Matsushima may inspire the other prisoners to revolt. He assigns four guards to publicly rape her. Returning from the intensive labour camp, Matsushima is in a van with six other convicts, one of whom is Oba . The other convicts beat Matsushima, who falls lifeless and bleeding. The guards are alerted that Matsushima is feared dead. When they stop the van to inpect her, Matsushima strangles and kills one of the guards, and Oba and the other convicts get the other guard and blow up the van. When Goda sees the van's ruins, he sends search parties to look for Matsushima. The convicts escape to an abandoned village, where Oba reveals her crime: when she found her husband cheating on her, she drowned her 2 year old son and killed her unborn baby by stabbing herself. In the village, the convicts find a mysterious old woman wielding a dagger. A surreal sequence follows, where the crimes of each of the convicts are explained. The old woman gives Matsushima her knife before she dies. Her body then turns into leaves and is blown away by the wind. The convicts see a town, where they decide to steal new clothes from to escape. Waiting for nightfall, they hide out in an abandoned hut. One of the convicts, Haru sneaks out of the hut and into her own home, which is nearby. There she is reunited with her son, but also two jailers. They offer to set Haru free if she reveals the others' locations. Distraught, Haru goes away. One of the guards follows her while the other returns to Goda. Matsu kills the guard following Haru. A tourist group is passing through the region for sightseeing. They are warned to look out for the convicts. Three men in the group are especially rowdy and sexually aggressive, sexually harassing the tour guide. One of the convicts is returning from the river when the three men find her and rape her repeatedly. They throw her down a cliff into the river. The other convicts find her body and give chase to the men. They find the tour bus and hijack it. Oba and the convicts torture, strip and bind the three men. They also harass the other passengers, and another surreal sequence shows the convicts being ostracised by society, for which the convicts are taking revenge. As the bus approaches a checkpoint, Oba throws Matsushima out of the bus as a decoy. Matsushima is captured, but Goda's men arrange a roadblock in front of the bus, consisting of a large truck with Haru's son on it. The bus is stopped and Haru rushes out to meet her son. As the guards try to catch her, Haru is shot by Oba, who orders the convicts to kill the hostages. Oba kills the bus driver and drives the bus, circumventing the roadblock. At night, the bus is cornered by the police. Goda sends Matsushima to the convicts to learn the hostages' status. Matsushima lies that the hostages have been killed, and the police lead a charge on the bus. The convicts throw the three men out, who are killed by police bullets. In the ensuing fight, all the convicts except Oba die. Oba is injured and set to return to prison in the same vehicle as Matsushima. Goda orders the guards to kill Matsushima on the way as if she had attempted to escape. The guards stop at a junkyard and are about to shoot Matsushima, when Oba saves her by biting the guard. Matsushima kills the guards. The next morning, Oba dies in the junkyard. Matsushima is finally loose. Goda is promoted and now has a job in the city. Matsushima tracks him down and kills him by stabbing him several times. The film ends with a surreal sequence of all the female convicts of the jailhouse wearing their stripped prison dresses running free in the city, passing Matsushima's dagger amongst each other."] ['Discontent leads to a daring escape plan in a women\'s prison where the inmates are all lingerie clad models and the lesbian warden demands unusual favours for early parole."Imdb"'] ['Nan Taylor  is accused of helping her friends rob a bank. Reform-minded David Slade  falls in love with her and gets her released. However, when she confesses that she is guilty, he has her imprisoned. Inside, she meets fellow inmates Linda , "Sister Susie"  and Aunt Maggie , and prison matron Noonan . Unlike most films of the women in prison genre, her fellow inmates are criminals, rather than innocents in prison by mistake.Taylor gets involved in a prison escape, has a year added to her sentence, and goes gunning for revenge when she is released.'] 