['Desk Set takes place at the "Federal Broadcasting Network" . Bunny Watson  is in charge of its reference library, which is responsible for researching and answering questions on all manner of topics, such as the names of Santa\'s reindeer. She has been involved for seven years with rising network executive Mike Cutler , with no marriage in sight. The network is negotiating a merger with another company, but is keeping it secret. To help the employees cope with the extra work that will result, the network head has ordered two computers . Richard Sumner , the inventor of EMERAC  and an efficiency expert, is brought in to see how the library functions, to figure out how to ease the transition. Though extremely bright, as he gets to know Bunny, he is surprised to discover that she is every bit his match. When they find out the computers are coming, the employees jump to the conclusion the machines are going to replace them, whereas they are merely intended to help ease the research. Their fears seem to be confirmed when everyone on the staff receives a pink slip printed out by the new payroll computer. Fortunately, it turns out to be a mistake; the machine fired everybody in the company, including the president.'] ["Naive but good natured young man Albert Hockenberry  arrives in Washington, D.C. with plans to work for his late father's army buddy Harold , owner of the run-down taxicab company D.C. Cab. Aware of the sorry state of his business and from the growing competition from the popular Emerald Cab Company, Harold wants to clean it up but doesn't have the financial means to do so. Complicating matters is the motley group of cab drivers that he has working for him. They all see driving as a dead end job while they wait for better lives, until Albert inspires them to work as a team. A valuable violin is found in one of the cabs earning Harold and his wife a $10,000 reward as owners of the cab. Harold wants to share the money with the drivers and let them invest in the cab company as partners. However, his greedy wife Myrna picks up the reward money and tosses Harold and Albert's belongings out of the house. The cabbies are not happy about losing their share of the reward, and Albert decides to donate his own money to the cab company and convinces the drivers to stay and make something of the company and themselves. The cabbies completely overhaul the entire business and the revitalized company soon supplants Emerald Cab as the most popular in the city. Later on, the cabbies work together to rescue Albert and a diplomat's two children after they're kidnapped."] ['Lucy Kelson  is a liberal lawyer who specializes in environmental law in New York City. George Wade  is an immature billionaire real estate tycoon who has almost everything and knows almost nothing. Lucy\'s hard work and devotion to others contrast sharply with George\'s world weary recklessness and greed. Lucy meets George in an attempt to stop the destruction of the Coney Island community center from her childhood. He attempts to hire her to replace his old Chief Counsel, Amber. She knows of his playboy tendencies, but he promises to protect the community center if she works for him. She soon finds that what he really requires is advice in all aspects of his life. She becomes his indispensable aide, and he calls her for every little thing. She finally gets fed up with the situation and gives him her two weeks\' notice of resignation after he sends her a message of an "emergency" while she is at her friend\'s wedding, since the emergency is, as she finds out, that he is unable to choose what to wear to an event. He is deeply troubled by her resignation and tries to convince her to stay. He also tries to block her from getting any other jobs, as an attempt to make her stay. He finally gives in and has her train her replacement, the attractive and flirtatious June Carver , before she quits. Lucy then gets jealous of June before she leaves. After she\'s gone, George realizes that his time with her has really changed him, as he keeps the promise he made to her in the beginning even if it means it costs his company millions. Meanwhile, in her new job, Lucy is missing him terribly. He goes in search for her, and they confess their feelings for each other. The movie ends with Lucy ordering take out in her apartment with George making jokes about the size of the apartment. Usually when she orders and is asked how many, Lucy replies, "one," but this time, with a sly smile, Lucy replies, "this is for two."'] ["Buddy Ackerman, an influential movie mogul, hires Guy, a naïve young writer, as his assistant. Guy, who has just graduated from film school, believes that his new job is a golden opportunity. Despite warnings from Rex, the outgoing assistant who has become hardened under Buddy's reign, Guy remains optimistic. Buddy turns out to be the boss from hell; he treats Guy like a slave, subjects him to sadistic  verbal abuse, and has him bending over backwards to do meaningless errands that go beyond just his work life. Guy is humiliated and forced to bear the brunt of his insults. Guy's only solace is his girlfriend, Dawn, a producer at Buddy's firm. When Buddy apparently fires Guy in a phone call, Guy snaps and kidnaps Buddy in order to exact revenge. He ties Buddy up and subjects him to severe beatings, torture and mind games. It is later revealed that due to a botched call waiting function on Buddy's home phone, Guy hears Buddy and Dawn arranging a rendezvous at Buddy's house. Once in Guy's power, Buddy reveals for the first time a human, vulnerable side, telling a tragic story about his wife's death and revealing that he too was once a bullied assistant to powerful, tyrannical men and spent a decade putting up with such abuse to get to where he is today. He also reveals that abusing Guy was his way of teaching him that he has to earn his success. Dawn arrives at the scene to find Guy aiming a gun at Buddy's face, and Buddy tells Guy that he has to pull the trigger in order to get ahead in the business. After a moment's indecision, Guy fires the gun. The climax of the film reveals that Guy killed Dawn , and was subsequently promoted. In the final scene, Guy coldly tells a former colleague to find out what he really wants and then do anything to get it; during this speech, Buddy stands by, smiling as he calls Guy into his office for a meeting."] ['Joel Reynolds is the owner and founder of Reynold\'s Extract, a flavor-extract company. Although his business is successful, his marriage is now completely sexless. His best friend Dean, a bartender and pothead, offers to ease his mind with Xanax and various other drugs, but the straight-laced Joel refuses. One day, a series of mishaps occurs at the extract factory, resulting in an employee, Step, losing a testicle. Cindy, a con artist and drifter, reads a news story about the accident and gets a job at the factory, flirting with Joel in order to find out more information about Step. Although Step initially decides not to sue the company, he changes his mind after a "chance meeting" with Cindy, and hires ambulance-chasing lawyer Joe Adler. Joel entertains the idea of an affair with Cindy, but still loves Suzie and would not want to have any regrets. At the bar, Dean suggests hiring a gigolo to seduce his wife, so that Joel can then have a guilt-free affair of his own. Joel initially balks at the idea, but—after his judgment is impaired by an accidentally administered dose of ketamine—eventually accepts and the two hire Brad to pose as a pool cleaner and have an affair with Suzie. The next morning, Joel sobers up and realizes what he has done and tries to stop Brad from going to his house, but he is too late; Brad and Suzie have begun an affair. Brad falls in love with Suzie and wants to run away with her. After smoking marijuana with Dean and his friend Willie, Joel attempts to call Cindy, but soon realizes that he is calling Willie\'s number. Just then, Cindy walks into the apartment. Willie realizes Joel is trying to make time with her [she\'s living with Willie, they\'re a couple] and Willie furiously punches Joel in the face. Joel meets with Adler and his associates in the factory office to discuss the terms of the settlement. The workers, believing that the meeting is about a buy-out of the factory by General Mills, organize a strike. Frustrated by Adler\'s unflinching negotiations and the disrespect from his employees, Joel storms out and goes home, where Suzie admits that she had an affair with Brad. Joel admits he hired Brad to do so, and leaves the house to escape her wrath. Joel moves into a motel, where he spots Cindy staying in another room. When he goes to her room, he notices a purse stolen from one of his employees, along with other stolen items, and realizes that she is not only a thief, but behind a lot of the problems at the company. He begins to leave and call the police, but softens when Cindy breaks down in tears, and the two spend the night together. The next morning, Cindy disappears, but leaves the stolen items behind. Step meets with Joel at the factory to tell him he is dropping the lawsuit on the condition that Joel promotes him to floor manager. Meanwhile, while cleaning the pool herself, Suzie loses her temper with her annoying, overly talkative neighbor Nathan and tells him what she really thinks of him; just as she is finishing her tirade, he collapses and dies. Feeling that she may have caused his death, Suzie attends the funeral, where she runs into Joel. After a few awkward moments, the two share a ride home, hinting at a possible reconciliation. It is revealed that Cindy has scammed Adler also and ends up stealing his luxury car, replacing it with Step\'s truck.'] [' Walter Burns  is a hard-boiled editor for The Morning Post who learns his ex-wife and former star reporter, Hildegard "Hildy" Johnson , is about to marry bland insurance man Bruce Baldwin  and settle down to a quiet life as a wife and mother in Albany, New York. Walter determines to sabotage these plans, enticing the reluctant Hildy to cover one last story, the upcoming execution of convicted murderer Earl Williams . Walter does everything he can to keep Hildy from leaving, including setting Bruce up so he gets arrested over and over again on trumped-up charges. He even kidnaps Hildy\'s stern mother-in-law-to-be . When Williams escapes from the bumbling sheriff  and practically falls into Hildy\'s lap, the lure of a big scoop proves too much for her. She is so consumed with writing the story that she hardly notices as Bruce realizes his cause is hopeless and returns to Albany. The crooked mayor  and sheriff need the publicity from the execution to keep their jobs in an upcoming election, so when a messenger  brings them a reprieve from the governor, they try to bribe the man to go away and return later, when it will be too late. Walter and Hildy find out just in time to save Walter from being arrested for kidnapping. Afterward, Walter offers to remarry Hildy, promising to take her on the honeymoon they never had in Niagara Falls, but then Walter learns that there is a newsworthy strike in Albany, which is on the way to Niagara Falls by train.'] ['The film stars Sheila McCarthy as Polly, a worker for a temporary secretarial agency. Polly serves as the narrator for the film, and there are frequent sequences portraying her whimsical fantasies. Polly lives alone, seems to have no friends and enjoys solitary bicycle rides to undertake her hobby of photography. Despite being somewhat clumsy, uneducated, socially awkward and inclined to take other\'s statements literally, all of which has led to scarce employment opportunities, Polly is placed as a secretary in a private art gallery owned by Gabrielle . Ann-Marie MacDonald plays Mary, who is Gabrielle\'s former young lover, and also a painter. Mary returns after an absence, and she and Gabrielle rekindle their former relationship despite Gabrielle\'s misgivings that she is too old and Mary too young. Polly, who\'s fallen a little bit in love with Gabrielle, is inspired to submit some of her own photographs anonymously to the gallery. She is crushed when Gabrielle dismisses her photos out of hand and calls them "simple minded". Polly temporarily quits the gallery, and goes into a depression. She returns to the gallery, and revives a little when Mary notices one of her photos. All the while, Mary and Gabrielle have been perpetrating a fraud. Gabrielle has been passing off Mary\'s work as her own. When Polly finds out, she becomes livid and tosses a cup of tea at Gabrielle. Believing she has done something unforgivable, Polly retreats to her flat in anguish. Mary and Gabrielle later visit Polly at her flat, and realize that the discarded photographs were by Polly. As the film ends, Gabrielle and Polly look at more of Polly\'s photographs and in a short fantasy sequence the three are transported together to an idyllic wooded glen, a metaphor for the beautiful world that supposedly plain and unnoticed people like Polly inhabit.'] ["Harpreet Singh Bedi , a Sikh B Com graduate with approximately 39 percent marks becomes a salesman with a big corporate computer assembly and service company, AYS. His idealistic vision of the working world shatters quickly. Within a few days, a client asks for a kick-back. Harpreet is aghast and files a complaint. But his honesty only brings him a demotion and humiliation. After making concessions to a client for the company, Harpreet realizes that sales success is dependent on the customer. No one agrees with him but Harpreet remains firm on his belief and forms his own company in Rocket Sales Corporation. Other disgruntled employees find their way to Rocket Sales — a place where even the guy who serves tea is an equal partner because he brings talent to the table. The company soon becomes successful because of its dedication to excellent customer service. The MD of AYS, Sunil Puri, becomes angered by the small company's success. After multiple attempts at contact, he finally calls and the phone at the AYS reception desk begins to ring as Rocket Sales was being managed from the AYS offices where the Rocket partners were still employed. After thoroughly insulting him and firing both him and his partners, the MD has Harpreet sign a contract handing over Rocket Sales to him and hands him his final pay of Rs. 1. However, AYS is unable to maintain Rocket Sales' commitment to customer satisfaction because of its cold and greedy personnel. The MD, realizing his downfall in purchasing Rocket Sales, visits Harpreet at his new job at Croma, an electronics store, and returns the contract to Harpreet in return for Rs. 1. He also tells him never to become a businessman again, because he will fail again. However, this is not intended as an insult, but rather as a compliment; he implies that what made Harpreet so successful was his eschewing of 'normal' business practices such as kick-backs, false advertisement, and low wages. The ending scene is the new Rocket Sales office building where a prospective worker is going in for an interview. It shows the former employees, all partners of the business, and finally closes with Harpreet smiling genially at a desk, showing that eventually honesty and hard work is a sound business decision."] ['21-year-old Annie Braddock  has just graduated from Montclair State University. Annie has no idea what or who she wants to be. While sitting in the park, Annie sees a young boy in a uniform almost getting run over. Annie saves him and then the boy\'s mother, Mrs. Alexandra X , but when she introduces herself as "Annie", Mrs. X mistakes her words for "Nanny" and hires her to look after her young son Grayer. Annie lies to her mother about taking a job at a bank and, in reality, moves in with the X\'s to be the nanny for Grayer, the boy she saved. Life with the incredibly privileged X\'s isn\'t all she thought it would be, and her life is complicated further when she falls for "Harvard Hottie" ([[Chris Evans , who lives in the building. Annie begins to notice that not only is Grayer being neglected, but so is Mrs. X, with Mr. X committing subtly obvious adultery and not treating her like a proper wife. Things turn for the worse when she gets fired, and in her rage, she looks for and finds the \'nanny cam\' in the X\'s house and records her feelings toward the X\'s. This is accidentally shown at a meeting for East-Side wives, and they all show sympathy toward their own nannies once they view the confrontation of Annie regarding the negligent ways of the parents toward their children and nannies. A few months later however, Harvard Hottie meets Annie in a park and gives her a letter he had received from Mrs. X. She writes how she left Mr. X and is now living a humble life, but now spends a lot more time with Grayer. This leads to a happier ending for all of them, as Annie walks off with Harvard Hottie.'] ["When printer John R. Hodges  is forced to retire at age 65 because of a company policy, he decides to do something about it. Dyeing his hair black, he poses as Harold P. Cleveland, the president of his former employer's parent company and goes on an inspection tour of his old workplace, with the firm's nervous, mystified executives in tow. While walking around the plant, Hodges runs into Joe Elliott , the boyfriend of his granddaughter Alice , and winks at him to let him in on the joke. Afterward, Hodges complains about the lack of experienced older employees, causing company president Louis McKinley  to promise to rescind the retirement policy and rehire all those affected by it within the past year. However, before he can depart, Hodges finds that McKinley has arranged for him to address the local Chamber of Commerce. Hodges is up to the challenge, delivering a rousing speech about the virtues of the older worker. He receive a standing ovation, the newspapers praise him, and even the stock market rises on the optimism generated. Hodges is taken to dinner by McKinley and his neglected wife Lucille . McKinley, it turns out, is more interested in his curvaceous private secretary Harriet . Hodges has a wonderful time, dancing the night away with Lucille. Swept away by his compliments and attention, she fancies herself in love with him. Later that night, she tells her dumbfounded husband that she wants a divorce. Meanwhile, Joe is unable to convince anybody that Cleveland is actually an impostor. Frank Erickson , his rival for a promotion, and the entire Hodges family - son George , daughter-in-law Della , and Alice - all think Joe is crazy. However, when Hodges returns home with his dyed hair, Joe is vindicated. Since Hodges will be exposed anyway, Della proposes that Joe turn him in so that he can get the promotion, but Joe refuses to do it. The next day, Erickson finally believes Joe and tries to warn their mutual boss Horace Gallagher , but Gallagher thinks Erickson is mentally unstable and gives the promotion to Joe. This enables Joe to finally propose to Alice. Meanwhile, the real Harold Cleveland  is in an awkward position. The speech has done wonders for his and his company's image and even raised the price of the company's stock, but he is unsure of his impostor's motives. When McKinley discovers Hodges' identity and informs Cleveland, he decides to pay him a visit. Lucille gets there first, but Hodges tells her he will not come between a man and his wife, and that he suspects she is still in love with her husband. McKinley barges in and apologizes to his wife; the happy couple kiss and make up. When Cleveland meets Hodges, he is reassured that the old man has no sinister intentions. Cleveland is so impressed that he offers Hodges a job advising him on public relations, but gets turned down."] ['Retail clerk Dante Hicks  opens the Quick Stop convenience store to find that it is on fire; Randal  had left the coffee pot on after closing the night before. As a result of the Quick Stop\'s destruction, Dante and Randal begin working at a Mooby\'s fast food restaurant. A year later, Dante is planning to leave his minimum wage lifestyle in favor of a family life in Florida with his fiancée Emma Bunting , whose father will provide them with a home and a business to run. This leaves Randal bitterly disappointed, who fears that with Dante moving to Florida would leave him without his best friend. Jay and Silent Bob  have since followed Dante and Randal, and now loiter outside of Mooby\'s. Jay and Silent Bob no longer do drugs after they were arrested for the possession of drugs and were sent to rehab, and become devout Christians following their release. However, Jay and Silent Bob continue selling drugs. Throughout the day, many misadventures occur within Mooby\'s; among these incidents are arguments between Randal and Dante, as well as arguments between Randal and Elias , another Mooby\'s employee, and with a customer  who is a fan of The Lord of the Rings. Other incidents include Randal and Dante unintentionally giving Jay and Silent Bob inedible food, and Randal using a racial slur in front of a couple of black customers, although Randal did not directly insult them nor did he know the term "porchmonkey" which he used was actually a racial slur. The word nearly gets Randal fired. Another incident occurs when a former fellow high school student, Lance Dowds ([[Jason Lee , taunts Dante and Randal for their jobs, prompting Randal to ease his anger through going go-karting with Dante, despite leaving work without asking permission from their boss Becky Scott , leaving her and Elias to deal with customers on their own. Dante confesses to Becky that he is worried about dancing at his wedding, so she takes him up onto the roof of the restaurant to teach him some moves. Dante soon lets go of his inhibitions and learns how to dance. When the song ends, Dante, caught up in the moment, tells Becky he loves her, and she reveals to him that she is pregnant; Dante and Becky had a one night stand on the prep table a few weeks before. Becky tells Dante not to tell anyone about the baby; however Dante tells Randal, who is shocked and criticizes Dante for cheating on his fiancee. An angered Becky leaves when she learns that Dante told Randal. Randal encourages Dante to leave Mooby\'s in search for Becky, and in the meantime, sets up a surprise going away party for Dante. Randal hires "Kinky Kelly and the Sexy Stud," a donkey show with a fog machine. When Dante comes back, he mistakes the fog for a fire and calls the fire department, but upon discovering that it is not a fire, he proceeds to watch the show with Randal, Jay, Bob, and Elias. The group soon discovers that "Kinky Kelly" is, in fact, the donkey, while the guy , whom Randal thought to be the pimp, is "The Sexy Stud". When Becky returns, Dante tells her that he believes that she feels the same way about him as he does about her. As they kiss, Emma arrives. She throws her engagement ring at Becky and angrily storms off. The fire and police departments soon arrive and discover the show. Dante, Randal, Elias, Jay, Silent Bob, and The Sexy Stud are detained and jailed. The Sexy Stud tells the others that they will soon be released, and that he will have to pay a fine for his acts. Nevertheless, Dante blames Randal for ruining his life and expresses his eagerness to start a new life without Randal, while Randal condemns Dante for wanting to move to Florida and even goes as far as calling Dante a "fucking drone", for Randal\'s view that Dante wants to live his life under the standards of others. Amid the argument, Randal proposes that they buy the Quick Stop and re-open it, although Dante reacts by saying that neither two have the money to purchase the store. Jay and Silent Bob, who were watching the confrontation between Dante and Randal, offer to lend them some money  on the condition that they can loiter outside of the Quick Stop. Randal accepts their offer, but Dante remains somewhat skeptical, prompting Randal to emotionally confess his fear of losing Dante. As a result, Dante agrees to the proposition as well, and after his release, he proposes to Becky, who accepts. Elias applies for a job and is hired at RST Video, the store adjacent to Quick Stop. In the very last scene, with the store open, Dante says, "Can you feel it? Today is the first day of the rest of our lives," as the screen turns to black and white, resembling the first movie.'] ['Nick Marshall, a Chicago advertising executive and alpha male, who grew up with his Las Vegas showgirl mother, is a chauvinist. He is skilled at selling to men and seducing women, including local coffee attendant Lola. However, just as he thinks he\'s headed for a promotion, his manager, Dan, informs him that he is hiring the talents of Darcy McGuire instead, to broaden the firm\'s appeal to women. Also, his estranged 15-year-old daughter Alex is spending two weeks with him while his ex-wife Gigi goes on her honeymoon with her new husband. Alex is embarrassed by Nick, and resents his being protective when he meets her boyfriend. Needing to prove himself to Darcy and Dan, Nick attempts to think of copy for a series of feminine products that Darcy distributed at the day\'s staff meeting. However he slips and falls into his bathtub while holding an electric hairdryer, shocking himself. The next day, Nick wakes up able to understand his maid\'s thoughts as she cleans his apartment. As he walks through a park and encounters numerous women, he realizes that he can hear their thoughts, even those of a female poodle. This proves to be an epiphany for him when he hears the thoughts of his female co-workers . When he goes to a previous therapist, Dr. Perkins , she realizes his gift: "If Men are from Mars and Women are from Venus, and you can speak Venutian, the world can be yours." Nick eavesdrops on women\'s thoughts and uses their ideas as his own, but also begin to develop real friendships with his co-workers. But as he spends more time with Darcy, he is attracted to her. However when he tries to get closer to his daughter, she resents him for trying after so many years of neglect. Nick shrewdly suspects that her boyfriend, who is considerably older than Alex, plans to sleep with her and then dump her, but she does not want Nick\'s advice. Nick and Darcy begin to spend more time together, and ultimately they kiss. When he manages to trump Darcy out of her idea for a new Nike ad campaign aimed at women, he later regrets his selfishness, especially as it leads to her being fired. Nick loses his gift during a storm while trying to find a company secretary, Erin, who  is contemplating suicide. He is also reconciled with his daughter when her boyfriend rejects her. Nick finally visits Darcy and explains everything. She regains her job and Nick gets fired. But she forgives him, and agrees to save him from himself, to which he responds "My hero".'] ['{{plot|date "Friend, the shadow of prison has given way to the sun." A policeman comes by and tells Émile he must get to work. But he is put in a cell for resisting arrest. Through the prison window, he sees more flowers surrounding an apartment window and thinks he hears them singing . Then a lovely woman, Jeanne, appears at the window and appears to be the source of the singing. Sad at his predicament, he tries to hang himself from the prison window. But the gate is too weak, comes loose and falls on Émile\'s head, enabling him to escape. He stands by the apartment entrance, looking up at the flower-covered window, but is slightly disappointed to realize that the flowers are not singing, and that it\'s only a recording. Then he realizes that Jeanne has emerged from the apartment with her Uncle, who appears to be overly-protective and pulls her away from Émile, and kicks him. A commotion and chase ensue in which Émile runs as we realize that Jeanne already has a boyfriend, Paul. Émile makes his way into the factory and lands in the recruitment department. A recorded song  instructs him on how to be measured, weighed, and fingerprinted. In the next scene we see Émile back on an assembly line, this time assembling phonographs. Upon seeing Jeanne also working in the factory, Émile becomes absent minded, causing great consternation and humor on the assembly line (This scene at the assembly line was probably the inspiration for the opening scene of Charlie Chaplin\'s [[Modern Times  A guard tries to stop Émile from talking to Jeanne and they chase after him. He is stopped by guards near the foot of a grand staircase at the doorway of an office. Louis emerges with aides, and Émile gets his attention. At first Louis does not appear to remember his prison friend, but takes him into his office, thinking this is an extortion plot. After a scuffle, Émile cuts himself. As Louis tends to the wound with his handkerchief, he recalls that he did similarly when the two tried to break out of prison at the film\'s outset. His attitude changes to one of friendship, as he embraces Émile and sing a brief reprise of the title song. The scene is a dinner party at Louis\'s house. Neither his guests nor his wife Maud, nor her gigolo lover think much of Louis. Meanwhile, Louis and Émile don\'t care, and enjoy sending up the haughtiness of his life style, climaxing in another reprise of the title song, as the two friends dance in front of a painting of Louis which he has damaged with a bottle of wine. With her suitcases packed, Maud leaves the house. Émile also leaves, and briefly encounters an ex-prisoner on the street.  Louis is thrilled to look out the door at the departing Maud, but does not see the ex-prisoner, who makes a nod of understanding to himself. Back at the factory, Émile tries to make overtures to Jeanne, but is thwarted by guards, eventually finding himself in Louis\'s office. Louis has been explaining that his new factory will opening the next day, increasing productivity. Upon seeing his friend interrupt, Louis is slightly annoyed until Émile explains that he wants to court Jeanne, another worker. From his office card files, Louis is able to produce a picture profile of Jeanne, but this is automatically followed by a profile of her Uncle. Louis invites both Jeanne and her Uncle into his office to explain Émile\'s interest, and offers some money along with it. Uncle is impressed, but Jeanne is bewildered and unhappy. Louis arrives at home, wondering where his servants are. He discovers them tied up, and enters a room filled with ex-convicts, now gangsters, led by the person who sat next to him in the opening scene and who encountered Émile the other night. They sing briefly, before the lead gangster reveals their purpose. They want to extort money from Louis by threatening to reveal that he\'s an escaped convict. Louis refuses to accept. Lovers\' quarrel in the Magic Park. The scene opens in Luna Park, with Émile happily talking with Uncle, while Jeanne looks very unhappy. Paul sitting at a distance, looks on disapprovingly. During the scene, Jeanne is able to get away and be alone with Paul. Émile, unseen, finally finds her and realizes that she already has a boyfriend. Émile longingly looks up at Jeanne\'s apartment window, as she happily waves to Paul. He realizes that he can\'t have her. While he\'s alone on the street, a policeman tries to question Émile, who runs into the factory for safety, but is pursued by guards. Meanwhile, the gangsters have asked to visit Louis\'s factory. He leads them into a secret room within his office, and then seals the door behind him. As the gangsters realize they\'re trapped, Louis empties his safe of all his money, putting it into a small suitcase on his desk. Émile finds him, and Louis explains that he\'s about to be denounced by the gangsters. He then hides Émile while he briefly speaks to the guards who have been searching for his friend. At the same time, another ex-convict enters Louis\'s office and takes the suitcase. When Louis returns with Émile, he realizes the suitcase is missing and tries to look for the person with it. Pursued by guards, Émile accidentally opens the secret room through which all the gangsters emerge. Both Émile and the gangsters chase after Louis, who chases after the ex-con who took the suitcase. This ex-con is able to penetrate to the roof the factory, but is caught, leaving the suitcase on the roof. Apprehended, the gangsters show the police Louis\'s picture as a convict, but they are taken away. It is the inauguration of the new factory with crowds of dignitaries and workers assembled. Louis gives a speech extolling its virtues of productivity. A deaf old man cuts the ribbon, and a chorus sings a slow march, "Gloire au bonheur" = "Hail to happiness," as the automatic assembly line produces portable phonographs. Another speaker begins a speech, while Louis sees the policeman. The policeman has realized that Louis is an escaped ex-convict, and patiently waits for the festivities to end to apprehend him. Louis makes a concluding speech in which he gives the factory to the workers, and says that fate will take him to a different place. As another speaker continues, a wind begins to pick up, gently blowing the decorations. It also gradually begins to blow the money that was in Louis\'s suitcase, still sitting on the roof of the factory. Gradually, bills appear on the factory grounds, testing everyone\'s propriety, as they look frustrated at not wanting to appear uncivilized by bending down to pick up the money. But Louis has no inhibitions: He immediately recognizes what and where the money is and begins going after it. This is turn launches everyone into a chase after the money. The scene turns to a merry chaos as the dignitaries in top hats wildly chase after money. The final scene of the film shows the now-idyllic factory. Instead of working, only a few workers now play cards, as the automated factory does all the work. The camera pans along to another area by a brook, festively decorated with ribbons. Most of the workers are here, dancing and enjoying themselves to a reprise of the song "Ami, l\'ombre de la prison" which blends into "Viens, toi que j\'aimerai" as we see Jeanne and Paul, happily dancing with each other. A cut takes us to Louis and Émile, now tramps, entertaining people on a roadside by singing the third verse of the title song. The people throw coins at the two tramps. A rich car passes, making Louis momentarily dream of what he once had. After a swift kick in the rear by Émile, the two head off down the road to the final strains of the title song.'] ["Dr. Sullivan Travis   is a wealthy Dallas gynecologist for some of the wealthiest women in Texas who finds his life beginning to fall apart starting when his wife, Kate , suffers a nervous breakdown and is committed to the state mental hospital. Dr. T's eldest daughter, Dee Dee , is planning to go through with her approaching wedding despite the secret that she is romantically involved with Marilyn , the maid of honor. Dr. T's youngest daughter, Connie , is a spunky conspiracy theorist who has her own agenda, while Dr. T's loyal secretary, Carolyn , has romantic feelings for him, which are not mutual. Dr. T's sister-in-law, Peggy , meddles in every situation she stumbles into, while one woman, Bree , a golf instructor, offers him comfort."] ['The staff and customers of the cafe get an extra "jolt" with their coffee when a commitment-shy man has a public fight with his angry ex-girlfriend, instigating a series of revelations about the eavesdropping couples nearby and their own "unusual" relationships; filled with eccentric personal conversations, confrontational arguments, imaginary visions, and connections between various characters.'] ['Stacy Holt , an associate producer on a daytime talk show , is convinced that her boyfriend Derek  is the right man for her, though he has an apparent phobia of commitment, and he\'s vague about his past relationships. Taking the advice of colleague Barb , she looks at his Palm Tungsten C and its record of the names and numbers of three ex-girlfriends, a French supermodel , a gynecologist  and a cook . She sets up an interview with each woman, in an attempt to learn more about and get closer to Derek. However, Stacy\'s plan suffers a setback when she develops a friendship with one of the women. Stacy is eventually betrayed by Barb, when she, Derek and the ex-girlfriends are brought together on stage for a live broadcast during sweeps season. During the show, Stacy comes to the realization that she is not the right one for Derek and lets him go. On the way out, Barb, clearly out of her mind, tells Stacy that her actions were not premeditated and goes on to call the "event" a masterpiece. With a live camera behind her, Stacy responds with, "I should tear your eyes out right now. But how will you be able to look at yourself in the morning?", which the audience cheers on. Stacy, then, departs from the studio, as the camera stays a humiliated Barb. In the end, Stacy winds up earning her dream job working for Diane Sawyer{{cite news}} and meets her idol, Carly Simon.'] ['In 1975 San Diego, Ron Burgundy  is the famous and successful anchorman for KVWN-TV Channel 4 Evening News. He works alongside his friends on the news team: fashion-oriented lead field reporter Brian Fantana , sportscaster Champion "Champ" Kind , and a "legally retarded" chief meteorologist Brick Tamland . The team is notified by their boss, Ed Harken , that their station has maintained its long-held status as the highest-rated news program in San Diego, leading them to throw a wild party. While getting drunk, Ron sees an attractive blond woman and immediately tries to hit on her. After an awkward, failed pick-up attempt, the woman leaves. The next day, Ed informs the team that he has been forced by the network to hire Veronica Corningstone , a female news reporter from Asheville, North Carolina &ndash; and the same woman Ron had tried to pick up the night before. The news team attempts to seduce Veronica using various inept, arrogant and sexist methods, all of which backfire. Ron ends up asking her out under the guise of helping out a new co-worker, which she accepts. During their date, Ron woos Veronica by playing jazz flute in his friend Tino\'s  club. Veronica goes against her policy of not dating co-workers and sleeps with Ron. The next day, despite agreeing with Veronica to keep the relationship discreet, Ron tells the entire news room that he and Veronica are in a sexual relationship . The next day when Ron is on his way to the station, he throws a burrito out his car window, accidentally hitting a motorcyclist  in the head, causing him to crash. In a fit of rage, the biker retaliates by punting Ron\'s dog, Baxter, off a bridge. A distressed and incoherent Ron calls Brian from a pay phone and tells him what happened. Since Ron is now late, Brian frantically tells him to come to the station because Veronica is about to take his place. Despite Ron\'s efforts to arrive early, Veronica goes on air. After Ron arrives, he has an argument with Veronica about the situation and they break up. The next day, Veronica is made co-anchor, much to the entire news team\'s disgust. The co-anchors soon become fierce rivals and argue with each other both on and off the air. One day while feeling down on themselves, the News team decides to buy new suits. However on the way to the suit shop Brick, who was leading the way, gets them lost ending up in a shady part of town. They are then confronted by Wes Mantooth  and the evening news team. Tired of their rudeness and petty anger, Ron challenges them to a fight. All armed with crude weapons the two teams are about to fight when they are joined by Channel 2 news team with lead anchor Frank Vitchard , the public news team and their lead anchor , and the Spanish language news with lead anchor Arturo Mendez . A full on melee ensues between the five teams until they all flee when police sirens are heard. While in a restaurant celebrating Veronica\'s success, one of Veronica\'s co-workers tells her that Ron will read anything that is written on the teleprompter. Later, Veronica sneaks into the station and changes the words in Ron\'s teleprompter. The next day, instead of Ron saying his signature "You stay classy, San Diego!" closure, Ron ends the broadcast with, "Go fuck yourself, San Diego." Everyone in the studio, except Ron, is speechless. An angry mob gathers outside the studio and Ed must fire Ron. Garth is especially hurt and sobs while labeling Ron "a poopmouth". Veronica sees that she has gone too far and attempts to apologize, but Ron angrily dismisses her while being led through the mob by security, yelling at her that she had "reduced him to rubble". Three months later, Ron is unemployed, friendless, hated by the city, and is a slovenly drunk. In this time, Veronica has become very famous, but is hated by her male coworkers for sabotaging Ron; Ed told Champ, Brick, and Brian not to talk to Ron or he will fire them if they do. When it is announced that Ling-Wong the panda is about to give birth, all San Diego news teams head to the zoo to cover the story. In an attempt to sabotage her, the public news anchor pushes Veronica into a Kodiak bear enclosure. When Ed cannot find Veronica, he calls the bar where Ron spends most of his time and reluctantly asks him to return. Ron then summons the rest of his team by blowing the "News Horn", despite the fact that they were all standing a foot away playing pool. Baxter, who has miraculously survived, hears this call and follows the voice to find Ron. Once at the zoo, Ron jumps into the bear pen to save Veronica, with everyone else at the zoo watching. The Channel 4 news team then jumps in to help Ron. Just as the leader of the bears is about to rip Ron and Veronica apart, Baxter shows up and convinces the bear to let them live by mentioning that he is a friend of the bear\'s cousin, Katow-jo, whom he met in the wild. After Ron and Veronica reconcile, it is shown that in years to come, Brian becomes the host of a Fox reality show named Intercourse Island, Brick is George W. Bush\'s top political adviser, Champ is a commentator for the NFL before he was fired for sexually harassing Terry Bradshaw, and Ron and Veronica are co-anchors for the CNN-esque World News Center, taking over after the narrator retires and it is shown to be some time later as Ron and Veronica are shown wearing 80\'s fashions.'] ['Kathleen Kelly  is involved with Frank Navasky , a leftist postmodernist newspaper writer for the New York Observer who\'s always in search of an opportunity to root for the underdog. While Frank is devoted to his typewriter, Kathleen prefers her laptop and logging into her AOL e-mail account. There, using the screen name \'Shopgirl\', she reads an e-mail from "NY152", the screen name of Joe Fox . In her reading of the e-mail, she reveals the boundaries of the online relationship; no specifics, including no names, career or class information, or family connections. Joe belongs to the Fox family which runs Fox Books — a chain of "mega" bookstores similar to Borders or Barnes & Noble. Kathleen, on the other hand, runs the independent bookstore The Shop Around The Corner, that her mother ran before her. The two then pass each other on their respective ways to work, where it is revealed that they frequent the same neighborhoods in upper west Manhattan. Joe arrives at work, overseeing the opening of a new Fox Books in New York with the help of his friend, branch manager Kevin . Meanwhile, Kathleen and her three store assistants, George , Birdie , and Christina  open up shop for the day. Following a day on the town with his eleven-year-old aunt Annabel  and four-year-old brother Matthew  , Joe enters Kathleen\'s store to let his younger relatives experience storytime. Joe and Kathleen have a friendly conversation that reveals Kathleen\'s fears about the Fox Books store opening around the corner, shocking Joe. He introduces himself as "Joe. Just call me Joe," omitting his last name, and makes an abrupt exit with the children. However, at a publishing party later in the week, Joe and Kathleen meet again, both of them being in the New York book business, where Kathleen discovers Joe\'s true identity. Following suggestions from Frank and Joe via "NY152" Kathleen begins a media war, including both a boycott of Fox Books and an interview on the local news. All the while, "NY152" and "Shopgirl" continue their courtship, to the point where "NY152" asks "Shopgirl" to meet. Too embarrassed to go alone, Joe brings Kevin along for moral support. He insists that "Shopgirl" may be the love of his life. Meanwhile Kevin, looking in a cafe window at the behest of Joe, discovers the true identity of "Shopgirl." When Joe discovers that it is actually Kathleen behind the name, he confronts her as Joe . The two exchange some bitter words and Joe leaves the cafe hurt, Kathleen returns home puzzled why NY152 might have stood her up. Despite all efforts, The Shop Around the Corner slowly goes under. In a somber moment Kathleen enters Fox Books to discover the true nature of the store is one of friendliness and relaxation, yet without the same dedication to children\'s books as her independent shop. Eventually, her employees move on to other jobs; as Christina goes job hunting, George gets a job at the children\'s department at a Fox Books store  and Birdie, who is already wealthy from investments, retires. Allowing time for their electronic relationship to convalesce, Joe visits Kathleen while she is sick, and for the first time makes a favorable impression. Joe discovers that Kathleen has broken up with Frank, who has moved in with a talk show host who interviewed him ([[Jane Adams . This was predated one week by Joe and his uptight girlfriend, Patricia , who broke up in their apartment building while stuck in the elevator. Kathleen and Joe develop a tentative friendship that blossoms over the course of a few weeks and they begin to spend more time with one another. During this time, Joe as "NY152" mysteriously postpones meeting Kathleen. Finally, "NY152" and "Shopgirl" agree to meet for the first time since "NY152" apparently stood her up. Joe and his dog Brinkley  meet Kathleen at Riverside Park. Kathleen admits that she had wanted "NY152" to be Joe so badly, and the two kiss.'] ['Doug Stauber  is the assistant manager of a branch of Donaldson\'s, a supermarket chain in Chicago. He believes that he is a "shoo-in" for manager of a Donaldson\'s that is scheduled for construction just a few blocks away from his home. Everyday, Doug deals with the pressures of being the assistant manager. Among his ordeals are an unruly gang of black teenagers loitering around the parking lot, the overwhelming amount of negative comments on the customer survey cards he collects , a foreigner who constantly slaps him over a box of Teddy Grahams and the rumors about him being a former Junior Olympics medalist in gymnastics. Then one day, Richard Wehlner  and his family move in from Quebec, and he becomes assistant manager alongside Doug. Over the course of the film, the two men fight for the managerial job, trying to impress the store\'s manager Scott  and the Donaldson\'s board of directors . The competition causes strain on their respective marriages. Doug is under financial pressure to get the job because he has begun to buy a house that he cannot afford if he is not promoted while his wife Jen  ponders on going to night school. Meanwhile, Richard\'s wife Laurie  and daughter leave him to temporarily move to her parents\' home in Scotland when she sees he is losing control and reverting to previous problem behavior. Since Richard\'s arrival, it appears that he has replaced Doug as front-runner for the job. But it soon becomes clear that Richard has disadvantages of his own, such as a past substance abuse problem and a tendency to make inappropriate remarks. In one incident, both men are challenged by the board of directors over a sign posted on the deli section window, citing the deli clerk as Employee of the Month for "cutting the cheese". Richard admits being manager on duty when the sign was discovered, and explains that he had not realized that the phrase is derogatory to the American public . One day, while helping a customer in the parking lot, Doug is hit on the back of the head by a bottle of Yoo-hoo thrown by one of the gang members. In retaliation, he confronts the gang and sprays one of them with mace. Days later, Doug gives an apology speech at a local community explaining his actions during the incident and wins the respect of the community, assuring them that a beautiful day should not be spoiled by a few "bad apples". After the meeting, the board of directors, the assistant managers and the community leaders have a brief meeting, wherein Richard inadvertently refers to the gang as "black apples", infuriating the head community leader . After several attempts to eliminate each other as competitors, both Doug and Richard, along with another prospect, are summoned by the board of directors for a final interview. Richard\'s hopes are shattered when it is revealed that a drug test is required, as he has recently smoked marijuana. Shortly after the interview, Doug is given a call by Mitch and notified that he has landed the job, as Richard failed his drug test and the other candidate is too junior-grade for the position. He celebrates by doing cartwheels and backflips while crossing the street – finally confirming the earlier rumor about himself. Meanwhile, after reuniting with his wife, Richard and his family return to Canada to his old grocery store, where he is reported to have become the store manager after singlehandedly stopping an accidental fire .'] ['The film\'s plot follows the adventures of June  and her friends who after their senior year of high school, agree to help June\'s uncle\'s failing gas and service station. However, right across the street is another station, one led by a devious businessman. His goal is to put his rival out of business. It seems like fate might be working in the villain\'s favor. Uncle Joe has been struck by a heart attack, and can no longer run the business. After Uncle Joe\'s doctor tells him he must sell the gasoline station that he\'s operated for more than twenty years, June decides to take over its management, and persuades her friends to work for her. The girls, serving as the station\'s gas pump attendants, wear abbreviated uniforms—halter tops and short shorts—one labeled "Regular" and the other "Super Duper" . Michael and his male friends work as mechanics in the station\'s body shop. June also installs a public address system, over which she announces the station\'s services, using sexually suggestive phrases and double entendres. Business is soon booming, much to Mr. Friendly\'s chagrin. The Vultures, a local motorcycle gang, vandalize June\'s station, but are soon recruited by her as she puts her feminine charms to work, and the toughs work as her tow truck driving team.  Mr. Friendly hires two mobsters to put June out of business—by killing her. The Mobsters are played by seasoned screen vets Mike Mazurski, and Joe E. Ross, best known for playing the loveable but bumbling police officer Toody on car 54, where are you. However, as they threaten her, she flips the switch on the PA system, alerting the others of her dilemma. Having returned from towing a vehicle, the Vultures hatch a plan: while the girls pace back and forth, topless, to distract the mobsters, the Vultures, waiting just outside the doorway to the station\'s office, will club the men over their heads with a board. First one, and then the other, mobster falls victim to the scheme, and is knocked unconscious. Next, Mr. Friendly convinces the gasoline supplier not to deliver supplies to June\'s station. Without a product to sell, the station is out of business, until June finds a way to get more fuel to sell: they visit their competitor, asking to have the gas tank of Michael\'s car filled. As the vehicle is refueled, one of the boys, hidden beneath the car, syphons the gasoline into a storage tank, so that the car seems to hold much more fuel than it needs. By making two visits, using the same vehicle, the friends are able to obtain more regular and high-octane gasoline to sell at their own station. This scheme is successful, but only for the near term, and they are soon out of product again. They are all about to admit defeat until Mr. Friendly pays them an unfriendly visit to mock their attempt to compete against him, and June rallies them.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077597/ She intercepts the fuel deliveryman, who tells her to follow him if she wants to see where the president of the fuel company works, but warns her that he refuses to see anyone but oil sheiks. June and her friends follow the deliveryman, but the security guard at the gate refuses to allow them to enter the company\'s property. June hits on a plan. The Vultures will don helmets, posing as a security force, and she and the other teens will dress as oil sheiks. This time, the guard permits them to enter, and they are ushered into the president\'s office. June removes her disguise, and, attracted to her in her brief uniform, the president listens to her story concerning how she and her friends have attempted to save her ailing uncle\'s family business, despite the unfair competition that Mr. Friendly has posed, which includes his having hired hit men to murder her. Outraged at Mr. Friendly\'s conduct, the president discontinues his franchise, and June takes over the Pyramid gas station and garage. Her uncle recovers and returns to manage the business, and June and her friends enjoy their post-graduation freedom.'] ['Beauty salon owner Nora has willed her business to her two estranged nieces and both are at odds as to what do with their inheritance.'] ['Judy Bernly  is forced to find work after her husband, Dick , squanders their savings, loses his job and runs off with his secretary. Judy finds employment as a secretary at Consolidated Companies, a very large corporation. The senior office supervisor is the feisty widow, Violet Newstead . Violet shows Judy the place, whilst warning her about the two higher-ups. The first is the sleazy, selfish Franklin Hart, Jr. ; the latter is the crisp but equally obnoxious Roz Keith , Hart\'s executive assistant and resident snitch. Violet reveals to Judy that Hart is supposedly involved with his buxom secretary, Doralee Rhodes ; in reality the married Doralee refuses his advances, but Hart nonetheless has circulated a false rumor that they are having an affair. Hart exploits and mistreats his subordinates regularly. He takes credit for Violet\'s efficiency proposals, whilst refusing to promote her on the basis that, "clients prefer to deal with men when it comes to figures". He cruely yells at and threatens Judy on her first day after an equipment malfunction. He sexually harasses Doralee, and spreads false rumors that they are having an affair, damaging her credibility with coworkers. Finally, Hart casually fires a worker named Maria over an overheard discussion on salaries. When Violet discovers that another promotion she was hoping for has instead gone to a man, she angrily calls Hart on his manipulations and sexism. She then references Hart\'s claims of his purported affair with Doralee  before storming out. Doralee, previously unaware of the rumors and now realizing why her coworkers have been cold to her, informs Hart that she keeps a gun in her purse and warns him that if he ever makes another indecent reference about her, she will change him "from a rooster to a hen with one shot". She also angrily leaves the office. Judy, upset that Maria has just been fired over a trivial infraction, wants to inform Violet and is told that Violet is at a local bar "getting drunk". She joins Violet and Doralee, and the three women drown their sorrows together before going to Doralee\'s house. There, the beginning of the their friendship forms over dinner and smoking some marijuana that belongs to Violet\'s son. During which they fantasize about getting revenge on Mr. Hart, with Judy wanting to shoot him execution style, Doralee wanting to rope him, and Violet wanting to poison him. The following day, a mix-up leads Violet to accidentally spike Hart\'s coffee with rat poison . However, before he can drink any of the tainted coffee, Hart accidentally knocks himself unconscious by falling from a faulty office chair. On hearing he has been rushed to the hospital, Violet, realizing her error, panics, thinking it\'s due to the poison. After they arrive at the hospital, the three mistake a dead police witness for their boss. Violet, in a state of panic and desperation, steals the body of the deceased man and stashes it in the trunk of her car, convinces Doralee and Judy to join her, and the three drive off, planning to somehow dispose of the body. After a car accident, they discover they\'ve stolen the wrong body, so they smuggle it back into the hospital. Hart turns up alive the next morning, much to the shock of Violet, Doralee and Judy. During a break in the ladies room, the three speculate on what could have happened and then vow to forget the night\'s troubles, but Roz, hiding in one of the stalls, overhears them and relates the conversation to Hart. He confronts Doralee with the information he has just learned, and demands that she spend the night at his house or he\'ll have all three of them prosecuted for attempted murder. Hart refuses to believe it was an accident, so the three kidnap Hart, with Judy firing at Hart with Doralee\'s gun , and Doralee tying Hart\'s hands and legs with a phone cord . Unsure of how to prevent Hart from alerting authorities, the three bring Hart to his Tudor-style mansion, keeping him prisoner in his bedroom while the three decide to try to find something on which to blackmail him so that he won\'t have them arrested. The ladies discover that he\'s been selling Consolidated property behind their backs and keeping the profits for himself. To prove the crime, they need to wait several weeks for the accounting documents to arrive. In the meantime, the women fashion a special bondage device to allow Hart to move around, but keep him confined to his home. Since Doralee is able to forge Hart\'s signature without difficulty, the three women use the occasion of their boss\' absence to effect numerous changes around the office, in his name. These include allowing flexible hours, a job-sharing program that allows people to work part-time, and a daycare center in the building . All the while, they conceal the true reason for his disappearance. As it turns out, Hart is so feared and/or hated around the office that nobody questions his absence, with the exception of Roz, whom Violet, under the pretext of the company, sends to language school. One night, Judy discovers a prowler outside Hart\'s home. It turns out to be her ex-husband Dick, whose marriage to Liza lasted only a week. He tries to get Judy to come back to him until he finds Hart bound and gagged in the upstairs bedroom. He believes, erroneously, that Judy has gotten into perverted sex games. Judy sends him away, admitting that she\'s into everything, even smoking pot, and that his departure was the best thing that ever happened to her. Hart\'s adoring wife  Missy  returns from vacation early, putting the ladies\' plan in jeopardy. While still pretending to be the women\'s prisoner, Hart scrambles to replace the property he stole from Consolidated. He then takes Doralee\'s gun and directs the three women back to the office at gunpoint. Hart is appalled by the changes which have been made in his absence, even though all his employees are delighted with them. Before he can have the three women arrested, Hart receives an unexpected visit from Russell Tinsworthy , the Chairman of the Board. Mr. Tinsworthy has arrived to congratulate Hart for increases in productivity, which is due to the changes the three women had instituted in his name. Hart is only too happy to take credit for everything the ladies have done. Tinsworthy is so impressed that he recruits Hart to work at Consolidated\'s Brazilian operation for the next few years. Hart is not pleased by this development, but has no choice in the matter. Moments after Tinsworthy and Hart depart, Roz returns from language school and is stunned to discover Violet, Judy and Doralee celebrating in Hart\'s office, and realizing that she has to report to them. A post-credits montage reveals the fate of the major characters. Violet was promoted to Vice President. Judy fell in love and married the Xerox representative. Doralee left Consolidated and became a country and western singer. Hart was abducted by a tribe of Amazons in the Brazilian jungle and was never heard from again.'] ['The local auto plant in Hadleyville, Pennsylvania, which supplied most of the town\'s jobs, has been closed for nine months. Former foreman Hunt Stevenson  goes to Tokyo to try to convince the Assan Motors Corporation to reopen the plant. The Japanese company agrees, and upon their arrival in the U.S., they take advantage of the desperate work force to institute many changes. The workers are not permitted a union, are paid lower wages, are moved around within the factory so that each man learns every job, and are held to seemingly impossible standards of efficiency and quality. Adding to the strain in the relationship, the Americans also find humor in the demand that they do calisthenics as a group each morning, and that the Japanese executives eat their lunches with chopsticks and bathe together in the river near the factory. The workers also display a poor work ethic and lackadaisical attitude towards quality control. The Japanese executive in charge of the plant is Takahara Kazuhiro , who has been a failure in his business career thus far because he is too lenient on his workers. When Hunt first meets Kazuhiro in Japan, Kazuhiro is being ridiculed by his peers, and being required to wear ribbons of shame. He has been given one final chance to redeem himself by making the American plant a success. Intent on becoming the strict manager his superiors expect, he gives Hunt a large promotion on the condition that he work as a liaison between the Japanese management and the American workers, to smooth the transition and convince the workers to obey the new rules. More concerned with keeping his promotion than with the welfare of his fellow workers, Hunt does everything he can to trick the American workers into compliance, but the culture clash becomes too great and he begins to lose control of the men. In an attempt to solve the problem, Hunt makes a deal with Kazuhiro: if the plant can produce 15,000 cars in one month, thereby making it as productive as the best Japanese auto plant, then the workers will all be given raises and jobs will be created for the remaining unemployed workers in the town. However, if the workers fall even one car short, they will get nothing. When Hunt calls an assembly to tell the workers about the deal, they balk at the idea of making so many cars in so short a time. Under pressure from the crowd, Hunt lies and says that if they make 13,000, they will get a partial raise. After nearly a month of working long hours toward a goal of 13,000—despite Hunt\'s pleas for them to aim for the full 15,000—the truth is discovered and the workers strike. Because of the strike, Assan Motors plans to abandon the factory again, which would mean the end of the town. Hunt responds by addressing his observations that the real reason the workers are facing such difficulties is because the Japanese have the work ethic that too many Americans have abandoned. While his audience is not impressed, Hunt, hoping to save the town and atone for his deception, and Kazuhiro, desperate to show his worth to his superiors, go back into the factory and begin to build cars by themselves. Inspired, the workers return and continue to work toward their goal, and pursue it with the level of diligence the Japanese managers had encouraged. Just before the final inspection, Hunt and the workers line up a number of incomplete cars in hopes of fooling the executives. The ruse fails when the car that Hunt had supposedly bought for himself falls apart when he attempts to drive it away, but the strict CEO is nonetheless impressed by the workers\' performance and declares the goal met, calling them a "Good team." As the end credits roll, the workers and management have compromised, with the latter agreeing to partially ease up on their requirements and pay the employees better while the workers agree to be more cooperative, such as participating in the morning calisthenics.'] ['{{Plot}} When Todd Anderson\'s ([[Josh Hamilton  job and entire department are outsourced, he reluctantly travels to India to train his replacement. Arriving in India, he experiences culture shock: he is confused by everything from catching a train to hiring a taxi. Through his team of quirky Indian call center workers&mdash;including his friendly and motivated replacement, Puro , and the charming, outspoken Asha &mdash;Todd soon realizes that he too has a lot to learn, not only about India but also about himself. One day he calls his ex-girlfriend in the US only to find that she is with another man. Todd is depressed, but before long he discovers that being outsourced may be the best thing that ever happened to him. Todd\'s assigned objective is to reduce the time needed to complete the average call from 12 minutes to six. If his team doesn\'t achieve this, his boss won\'t let him go home. Another call center administrator, whom he happens to meet in Mumbai, tells him it\'s hopeless. He suggests that, instead of fighting, Todd should relax and go with the flow; his life in the process will become easy. The next day Todd gets caught in Holi, a celebration of colors. He initially tries to run away from the people throwing colored powders and water balloons at him, but he finally joins in the celebration and has fun. He then submerges himself in the village lake and emerges, symbolising his acceptance of the culture. One night, Todd congratulates his call center on their progress. He asks them what would make working in the call center a more positive experience. Workers ask to bring pictures and figurines from home, and to be allowed to dress as they please. Workers also ask to get the products they\'re selling. Todd makes a deal that the worker with the best Minutes Per Incident  will get to pick the product of his choice from the treasure box. He has the manufacturer send 100 products, much to his boss\'s disapproval. However, when the boss calls to complain, Todd explains that there are a billion potential buyers in India who would love to buy the products. The boss responds by shipping the products overnight. The products are accidentally sent to another town and street with the same name. Todd and Asha go to retrieve the packages, by car and ferry. Todd lightheartedly asks a statuette of the goddess of destruction , which he sees on the taxi, to destroy something while they wait. The ferry coincidentally burns up. Todd and Asha have to share a hotel room called the Kama Sutra Suite. They are initially nervous, with Asha becoming furious thinking what would happen if anyone finds out that she is alone in a hotel room with a man who is not her husband. But later, they end up making love. When they return to work, Asha explains that she has been engaged since age four and asks him to maintain professional distance with her. Todd feels let down. Asha explains her friend\'s euphemism of a "holiday in Goa". She tells him she will learn to love her future husband like her mother and father did with each other. To this Todd replies that he does not understand how the strong-willed Asha would settle for an arranged marriage. Asha responds that she doesn\'t understand the US\'s 50% divorce rate either. Asha confesses to Todd that all her life she had to struggle for everything, from education to work, and always listen to her parents complain "You can\'t go to college" or "You can\'t work in a call center". She mentions being elated when Todd said "Asha can do anything" while explaining to Puro why he wishes to promote Asha to assistant manager. After this, Todd\'s boss, David, suddenly arrives. When he comes to check on the progress, which was previously just over six minutes per call, they find the call center flooded due to a neighboring farm\'s irrigation system. Todd has the entire staff move to the roof. The aghast David thinks it is impossible but the now-wised-up Todd replies it may be impossible in the US, but not in India. Over the course of the night, the new operation manages to break the six-minute mark. Before Todd goes off with the other workers to celebrate at the local bar, he is told by David that the company will be outsourcing to China for a much cheaper price. All the employees have lost their jobs and he expects Todd to, once again, travel to China and train his replacement. The employees don\'t complain because they will get severance pay, and are expecting jobs in other call centers in India. Puro, however, is disappointed because he won\'t get enough money to marry the woman of his dreams. Todd, remembering the story of the software programmer who outsourced his own job; outsources his lucrative job at the Chinese call center to Puro, who happily marries with enough money and a great future. Todd returns to Seattle; in the closing scene, his phone rings with Asha\'s special ringtone, and he smiles as he reaches for it.'] ["Iris  is a very mousy and quiet young professional who doesn't want to rock the boat at the office where she temps. Margaret  is the polar opposite to Iris and a catalyst to help her change and speak up for herself. Paula  eagerly awaits post-work Happy Hours and the chance to hook up with the company's executives. And Jane  is engaged to marry a jerk who is already cheating on her. Margaret hopes to become a permanent employee as an assistant to Mr. Lasky  but her dreams are thwarted when he suddenly dies. A series of thefts start to occur in the office and suspicion falls on the temps, particularly Margaret. When Iris finds a plastic monkey that she thought was stolen inside Margaret's desk, she loses faith in her and believes she has been doing the stealing. Margaret suggest a one-day strike from work and her friends halfheartedly agree to join her, but on the appointed day, Margaret is ultimately the only one who does not come to work. As a result, the company's officious HR head  fires Margaret, and management begins to micromanage the remaining three employees. Iris and the other women's friendships come to an end, as result of the stress, and eventually they all go their separate ways. Paula reveals that she only heard about Jane's wedding via a newspaper article and Paula goes to temp in another department. It is later revealed that another employee, a shy, quiet young woman from a rich household who became a permanent employee on her first day, was the culprit and that Margaret simply had an identical toy in her desk. Iris confronts the young woman when her diary  goes missing, and later receives a new diary and note of apology. Iris later is not hired for a job she really wanted, but ironically this helps motivate her to quit the temp field and move on. But before she leaves the company, she is able to do Margaret a favor: one of the senior executives agrees to sign a letter of recommendation for Iris, but she tells him her name is Margaret and, since he had not bothered to learn any of the temps' names, he does not know the difference. Iris then mails the letter to Margaret and bids the temporary worker goodbye."] [' In lieu of a theme song and opening of the movie, Tashlin instead over laid traditional opening credits to faux television commercials for products that failed to deliver what they promise. From this comedic segue, the film opens on a writer for television advertising, Rockwell P. Hunter , who is low on the ladder at the La Salle agency, the company where he works. With the agency set to lose its biggest account &ndash; Stay-Put Lipstick &ndash; he hatches an idea to get the perfect model and spokesperson for Stay-Put\'s new line of lipstick, the famous actress with the "oh-so-kissable lips", Rita Marlowe . In order for Rita to endorse the lipstick, however, Rock has to pretend to be her boyfriend to make her real boyfriend, Bobo Branigansky , the star of a TV Tarzan show, jealous. Bobo leaks the news of Rita\'s new romance to the tabloids and Rock Hunter is suddenly famous as Marlowe\'s "Lover Doll". Hunter\'s boss decides to leverage his employee\'s new found fame—however when Hunter also gets Marlowe to agree on a television spectacular sponsored by Stay-Put, Hunter becomes the advertising firm\'s highest regarded employee. Marlowe meanwhile is miserable—she thinks she is falling in love with Hunter, but her one real true love is the man who discovered her—George Schmidlap . Not being able to find Schmidlap, she pursues Hunter, even though her Secretary "Vi"  warns her that she is playing a dangerous game. . Hunter soon finds fame to be a double edged sword, getting him what he wants, but with a price to be paid for that success. Women are crazy about him, and he has no peace of mind. Ultimately, he moves up the ladder at work, becoming company president, only to find it is not what he really wanted. Hunter confesses to his angry fiancée Jenny, that he finds himself at the top of the heap without any meaning and she takes him back. As Rita Marlowe opens her television spectacular for Stay-Put Lipstick, she is surprised by the appearance of the show\'s "surprise" guest star of , George Schmidlap. Freed from strain of advertising, Rock and Jenny retire to the country to tend a chicken farm announcing that he has found the real living end.'] ['Ms. Baldwin  and Ms. Davis  are owners and instructors of the Supreme Secretarial School. Ms. Baldwin is fighting Spring Fever and daydreams while teaching her class. They take pride in turning out well trained secretaries. They are having problems teaching a secretarial student, named Maizie  who cannot spell, take dictation or type. When the instructors ask her what she is doing at the school, she replies with, “I‘m here for the same reason that every other smart girl’s here - to, uh, get a chance to meet nice men.” Ms. Davis tells her, “This doesn’t happen to be a matrimonial agency.” Next, a former student drops by with a perspective student and informs the owners that she is getting married to a Junior Vice President . This leads Ms. Baldwin to wonder if these young ladies are onto something. Meanwhile, a client, Mr. Gilbert  who is the editor of Body and Brain magazine continues to fire secretarial graduates from the Supreme Secretarial School. He calls the school and over the phone, Mr. Gilbert complains to Ms. Baldwin about inept secretaries. Ms. Baldwin covers the phone receiver and repeats what he is saying to Ms. Davis. Ms. Baldwin says to Ms. Davis, “He wants to know what’s wrong with the modern woman?” Ms. Davis replies, “.. the modern man.” Ms. Baldwin decides to go to Mr. Gilbert’s office to see what he expects of a secretary. When they meet, he inadvertently thinks she is a secretary rather than the owner of the school and tells her to report to work in the morning. She is immediately smitten with Mr. Gilbert and decides to work as his secretary.'] ['The movie is a farce about a mentally unstable advertising executive, Denis Dimbleby Bagley , who suffers a nervous breakdown while making an advert for pimple cream. Ward plays his long-suffering but sympathetic wife. Richard Wilson plays John Bristol, Bagley\'s boss. Bagley has a crisis of conscience about the ethics of advertising, which leads to mania. He then develops a boil on his right shoulder that comes to life with a face and voice. The voice of the boil, although uncredited, is that of Bruce Robinson. The boil takes a cynical and unscrupulous view of the advertising profession in contrast to Bagley\'s new-found ethical concerns. Eventually, Bagley decides to have the boil removed in hospital but moments before he is taken into the operating room, the boil quickly grows into a replica of Bagley\'s head  and covers Bagley\'s original head, asking doctors to lance it, which is done since nobody has noticed the switch from left to right nor the new moustache. Bagley, now with the boil head, moustache, and personality  returns home to celebrate his wedding anniversary, with the original head merely resembling a boil on his left shoulder. The "boil" eventually withers but doesn\'t die, yet Bagley resumes his advertising career rejuvenated and ruthless, although without his wife, who decides to leave his new cruel persona.'] ['The film depicts the aspirations and lives of several people in the Seacoast National Bank Building. Among them is David Dwight, the womanizing bank owner who keeps his estranged wife happy by paying her bills. His secretary Sarah wants him to get a divorce so they can marry.'] ['Shannon stars as Peggy, a forty-something administrative assistant whose social and love life are slim to nil. Her most intimate bond is with her dog, Pencil. One morning Pencil refuses to come in after being let out to do his business, and a half-awake Peggy lets him stay outside overnight. The next morning she finds him in the yard of her neighbor Al  whimpering in pain. She takes him to a vet but it is too late; Pencil dies of toxic poisoning. The people in her life react with sympathy but mostly make her feel guilty for her grief. Best friend Layla  tells Peggy her relationship with Pencil had held her back from finding romance. Her emotionally sterile sister-in-law  and brother Pier ([[Thomas McCarthy  are too self-absorbed to sense how deeply hurt Peggy is. Peggy\'s neighbor, Al, asks Peggy on a date. It starts out well until Al reveals that he lost his own pet dog by accidentally shooting it in a hunting accident. When the two return to his home he shows off his knife collection and hunting trophies. He is oblivious to Peggy\'s distaste for this. She asks to see his garage, suspicious that something inside poisoned Pencil. Al makes a pass which she rejects in disgust. Peggy gets a call from Newt , a volunteer at the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals who was present when Pencil died. He tells Peggy he has a new dog she may like to adopt: Valentine, a King Shepherd with behavioral problems. Newt agrees to help train Valentine, and he and Peggy begin to spend a lot of time together. Through Newt, Peggy is exposed to veganism and to animal rights information. She becomes a vegan and begins helping Newt to adopt out various animals slated for euthanasia. Chastised by her boss Robin  for her commitment, she retaliates by donating to various animal-related charities from his checkbook. Peggy and Newt share a kiss, Newt declining to go any further, which she mistakes for chivalry. She confesses she has fallen in love; Newt reveals that he is celibate, implying he is asexual. Peggy reacts badly, shutting out Newt and instead focusing on her new relationship with Valentine. Valentine\'s sporadically violent behavior worsens without Newt\'s instruction; he bites Peggy\'s hand. The dog also continually barks, causing Al to complain. Peggy responds rudely, insinuating that it is her revenge because she thinks something in his garage must have poisoned Pencil. Peggy\'s interest in animal rights deepens, particularly the causes to stop animal testing and of farm communities for animals who were previously meant to die. Her new belief system is looked at flippantly by her brother and sister-in-law; when she announces she is a vegan, he responds: "It will be interesting to see how long this lasts." On New Year\'s Eve weekend Peggy agrees to babysit her brother\'s children. She leaves Valentine in the care of Newt. She takes her young niece Lissie  and nephew Benji to a farm for rescued animals to introduce them to an "adopted" chicken  she got them for Christmas. Intensely moved by the experience, Peggy has a mini-breakdown in the car. She wants to show them a slaughterhouse, but the children freak out. Peggy gets drunk and discovers a rack of furs in her sister-in-law\'s closet. She tries them on in a bathroom and ultimately passes out drunk. Furs she left in the bathtub are ruined from the faucet\'s drip. She goes to Newt\'s to pick up Valentine and finds him weeping. Valentine killed a crippled dog named Buttons, and Newt sent Valentine to be put down because he knew Peggy did not have the fortitude to do so. She rushes to the dog pound but is too late; Valentine has been dead for two hours. Peggy suffers a mental break and adopts 15 dogs slated to die; she lies, saying she works with the SPCA and intends to find them all homes. Peggy at work is confronted by her boss. He has discovered the fraudulent checks and she is fired. Peggy\'s life falls apart. She barely leaves her home, which is practically destroyed by her new pets. Al complains, saying if she does not find a way to control them he will. While she is out, Newt visits, confiscates the dogs and leaves a warning notice from the SPCA. Peggy erroneously blames Al. She sneaks into Al\'s house and finds molluscicide with a hole chewed into the corner, confirming her suspicions about Pencil\'s death. Zombie-like, she drags the bag through the house, leaking poison pellets everywhere. She takes one of Al\'s hunting knives and hides. When Al and a girlfriend return home, Peggy attacks with the knife. Al wrestles it away from her and calls the police. Peggy\'s brother and sister-in-law try to help. They say Peggy\'s boss has decided if she pays back everything and goes to counselling he will rehire her. They ask why Peggy attacked Al. She says she wanted him to know what it felt like to be hunted. Peggy returns to work and is greeted warmly. But soon an internet search leads her to information about an upcoming animal rights protest. She sends an email to her coworkers , boss, Newt, brother and sister-in-law. She must follow her soul. She abandons her former life and heads off to the protest, content that this is her greater reason for living.'] [' Nick Hendricks and Dale Arbus are friends who despise their bosses. Nick works at a financial firm for the sadistic David Harken, who dangles the possibility of a promotion in front of Nick, only to award it to himself. Dale is a dental assistant being sexually harassed by his boss, Dr. Julia Harris; she threatens to tell his fiancee  that he had sex with her unless he actually has sex with her. Nick and Dale\'s accountant friend Kurt Buckman enjoys working for Jack Pellitt  but after Jack dies, the company is taken over by Jack\'s cocaine-addicted, amoral son Bobby. At night, over drinks, Kurt jokingly suggests that their lives would be happier if their bosses were no longer around. Initially hesitant, they eventually agree to do away with their employers. In search of a hitman, the trio meet Dean "Motherfucker" Jones , an ex-con who agrees to be their "murder consultant". Jones suggests that Dale, Kurt and Nick kill each other\'s bosses to hide their motive while making the deaths look like accidents. The three reconnoiter Bobby\'s house, and Kurt steals Bobby\'s phone. They next go to Harken\'s house. Kurt and Nick go inside while Dale waits in the car. Harken returns home and confronts Dale for littering, but then has an allergy attack from the peanut butter on the litter. Dale saves Harken by stabbing him with an EpiPen. Nick and Kurt think Dale is stabbing Harken to death and flee, Kurt accidentally dropping Bobby\'s phone in Harken\'s bedroom. Harken\'s wife Rhonda  thanks Dale for saving her husband, causing Harken to jealously accuse her of having an affair with Dale. The next night, Kurt watches Julia\'s home, but she seduces and has sex with him. Nick and Dale wait outside Bobby\'s and Harken\'s houses to commit the murders. Harken discovers Bobby\'s cellphone in his bedroom and uses it to find his address, suspecting Rhonda is having another affair. He drives over and kills Bobby, with Nick as a secret witness. Nick flees at high speed, setting off a traffic camera. The three friends meet to discuss their reservations about continuing with their plan. They are arrested by the police, who feel the camera footage makes them suspects in Bobby\'s murder. Lacking evidence, the police are forced to let the trio go free. They consult with Jones again, but learn that he has never actually killed anyone, having been imprisoned for bootlegging the film Snow Falling on Cedars. They decide their only option is to get Harken to confess and secretly tape it. The three accidentally crash Harken\'s surprise birthday party. Nick and Dale get Harken to confess to the murder before realizing that Kurt, who has the audio recorder, is elsewhere having sex with Rhonda. Harken threatens to kill all three for attempting to blackmail him. They flee by car. Harken gives chase, ramming their vehicle. Kurt asks his car\'s navigation-system operator to help get them out of trouble. Believing they have committed a crime, the operator remotely disables Kurt\'s car, allowing Harken to catch and hold them at gunpoint. Harken shoots himself in the leg as he boasts about his plan to frame them for murdering Bobby and attempting to kill him to get rid of the witness. The police arrest Nick, Dale and Kurt, but the navigation-system operator reveals that the entire conversation was recorded. Harken is sentenced to 25 years to life in prison, while the friends get their charges waived. Nick is promoted to president of the company under an abusive CEO , Kurt retains his job under a new boss, and Dale blackmails Julia into ending her harassment by convincing her to sexually harass a supposedly unconscious patient while Jones secretly records the act.'] ['A corporate conglomerate called "The Ellison Group" acquired four breweries, all of them experiencing financial trouble. Enter Frank Macklin , a young manager hired by Ellison to help reorganize one of the ailing breweries. The only thing, though, was that brewery was a major employer in his home town. Originally, his old friends, who were working at the brewery, gave him a cold welcome, as they thought he would be unable to revitalize the brewery. But when Frank informed them that the brewery was drowning in red ink, and that they may be losing their jobs soon, they welcomed him with open arms, and ramped up the brewery\'s sales and production. The brewery has improved so much, that The Ellison Group decided to sell it to a Texas oil millionaire, who doesn\'t know the first thing about running a brewery—or apparently—running a business. Most of the movie was shot in Dubuque, Iowa and the Dubuque Star Brewery, also some minor scenes were shot in Minneapolis, Minnesota. This movie marks the first film to feature monster trucks. Bob Chandler\'s Bigfoot #1 is seen throughout the movie as Ray\'s pick-up truck. Everett Jasmer\'s USA-1, credited as Thunderin\' Lightning, is the blue truck at the starting line that, in the script, broke down when the race started. Jasmer\'s daily delivery truck was used as the rival truck to Bigfoot, known as Silver Bullet. Both USA-1 and Bigfoot do not look like monster trucks commonly do today, as the 48 inch tires then were the standard "Monster" tire. Bob Chandler is actually seen as the flagman at the beginning of the race, and his family can be seen throughout the picnic sequances. The Dubuque Star Brewery still stands today in the same location. It has been renovated and is now a private bar and grill.'] ['{{Plot}} Peter Gibbons is a disgruntled programmer at Initech. He spends his days "staring at his desk" instead of reprogramming bank software to be Y2K-compliant. His co-workers include Samir Nagheenanajar, who is annoyed by the fact that nobody can pronounce his last name correctly; Michael Bolton, who loathes having the same name as the famous singer, whom he hates; and Milton Waddams, a meek, fixated collator who constantly mumbles to himself . Milton had actually been laid off years earlier, though he was never informed and, due to a payroll computer glitch, he has continued to receive regular paychecks. All four are repeatedly bullied and harassed by management, especially Initech\'s smarmy, callous vice president, Bill Lumbergh. The staff are further agitated by the arrival of two consultants, Bob Slydell and Bob Porter, who are brought in to help through downsizing and outsourcing. Peter is depressed, bored, and pushed around at work. He attends an \'occupational hypnotherapy\' session urged by his girlfriend, Anne. The obese hypnotherapist, Dr. Swanson, suddenly dies of a heart attack before he can snap Peter out of a state of complete relaxation. The newly relaxed and still half-hypnotized Peter wakes up the next morning and ignores continued calls from Anne  and Lumbergh . Peter announces that he will simply not go to work anymore, instead pursuing his lifelong dream of "doing nothing". He finds himself finally relaxed enough to ask out Joanna, a waitress who shares Peter\'s loathing of idiotic management and love of the television program Kung Fu. Joanna works at Chotchkie\'s, a restaurant that plays on T.G.I. Friday\'s interior decoration and uniform standards . Peter begins removing items at work that annoy him  and parks in Lumbergh\'s reserved parking spot. Despite Peter\'s poor attendance record, laziness, and insubordination, he is promoted by the consultants because of the positive impression he makes on them with his bluntness about the office\'s problems . Meanwhile, Michael and Samir are downsized. To exact revenge on Initech, the three friends, inspired by Richard Pryor\'s character from Superman III, decide to infect the accounting system with a computer virus, designed to divert fractions of pennies into a bank account they control. They believe the scheme to be foolproof because they think that over a long period of time they will be able to accumulate a substantial amount of money in units so small ([[Mill  that companies generally don\'t bother keeping track of them. On their last day at Initech, Peter also steals a parting gift from the office: a frequently-malfunctioning laser printer, which the three beat to pieces in a field. A misplaced decimal point causes the virus to steal over $300,000 in the first few days, a far more conspicuous loss to Initech. After a crisis of conscience and a discussion with Joanna, Peter writes a letter in which he takes all the blame for the crime, then slips an envelope containing the letter and the money  under the door of Lumbergh\'s office late at night. The next morning, Milton &ndash; having been deprived of his cherished red Swingline stapler by Lumbergh, forced to move to the cockroach-infested basement, and having had his paychecks finally cut off &ndash; enters Lumbergh\'s office to reclaim his stapler. Peter, fully expecting to be arrested when he comes in to work, finds that his problem has solved itself: as he nears the Initech building, he can see that it is fully engulfed in flames and that all evidence of the missing money must have been destroyed. Peter finally finds a job that he likes: doing construction work with his next-door neighbor, Lawrence. As the two of them are cleaning up debris from the fire, Samir and Michael visit Peter and offer to recommend him for a job at Initech rival Intertrode, where they have gotten new jobs. He declines, expressing new-found contentment with his place in life. After Samir and Michael leave, Peter discovers Milton\'s stapler among the wreckage and saves it, saying, "I think I know someone who might want this." The last scene reveals the fate of the missing money; Milton is seen lounging on the beach at a Fancy Mexican resort, mumbling complaints about his beverage.'] ['J. Pierpont Finch buys a book How to Succeed in Business, describing in step-by-step fashion how to rise in the business world. The ambitious young window cleaner follows its advice carefully. He joins the "World-Wide Wicket Company" and begins work in the mailroom. Soon, thanks to the ethically-questionable advice in the book, he rises to Vice-President in Charge of Advertising, making sure that each person above him gets either fired or moved or transferred within the company. Finch begins to fall in love with Rosemary Pilkington, a secretary at the company. Finch finds out that the president of the company, J. B. Biggley, has made advances towards the beautiful but incompetent secretary Hedy LaRue. Finch uses this information to assist his climb on the corporate ladder. However, Bud Frump, Biggley\'s annoying nephew, also takes advantage of the situation and tries to get to the top before Finch.'] ['The film describes the misadventures of the staff at the fictional chain restaurant Shenaniganz as they cope with competition from a Hooters-esque restaurant called Ta-Tas Wing Shack.'] ["Kurt Anderson is the utterly ruthless, hard-driving general manager of the Monroe department store. When new clothing supplier Garfinkle tells him that part of the large first order will be delayed three days because of labor trouble, Anderson cancels it all and tells his secretary to sue for damages. Garfinkle is ruined, but Anderson does not care in the least. Late that night, Anderson finds Madeline Walters hiding in the store. Broke and unemployed, she is going to apply to work at Monroe's first thing in the morning. When she finds out who he is, she lets him take advantage of her to ensure she gets a job as a model in the clothing department. With the Great Depression cutting into the store's business, Anderson demands new ideas from his department heads. When Martin West comes up with an innovative idea, Higgins, the longtime head of men's clothing does not approve, but Anderson is impressed. He promptly tells Martin to go ahead, and fires Higgins. Seeing promise in West, Anderson makes him his assistant. He tells his new protégé that he must devote himself completely to business and nothing else if he is to get ahead; he asks if Martin is married, and is relieved when the answer is no. However, Martin and Madeleine fall in love. He tells her that he cannot marry her until his position is more secure, but, on an impulse, does so anyway, though he keeps it a secret. This puts a strain on their relationship. Anderson believes all women are after only one thing - financial security. He doubles employee Polly Dale's salary to keep his nominal overseer, Denton Ross, occupied, leaving him a free hand to manage the store any way he sees fit. Meanwhile, Higgins tries repeatedly to see Anderson to try to get his job back. Eventually Higgins gives up and commits suicide, jumping out of the ninth floor of the store. Martin is dismayed when Anderson is completely unperturbed by the news. The Wests quarrel at a company party. Anderson finds a vulnerable Madeleine alone and gets her drunk. When she decides to leave, he invites her to rest for a while and clear her head in his hotel suite. Once again, he takes advantage of the situation to spend the night with her. The next day, Madeleine insists that he leave her alone. During their heated conversation, she lets slip that she is married to Martin. After she quits and threatens to take her husband with her, Anderson tries to get Polly to seduce Martin, but she refuses. Then he has Martin eavesdrop on the intercom while he summons Madeleine to his office. Martin learns of the times Madeleine slept with Anderson. When Madeleine tries  to kill herself, a furious Martin confronts and threatens to kill his boss. Anderson, facing his own dismissal by cautious bankers afraid of his ambitious plans, dares him to do it, even providing a gun. Martin shoots, but only inflicts a minor wound. When employees dash in, Anderson acts as if nothing had happened. Martin quits. Ross manages to contact the store's frequently absent owner, Commodore Franklin Monroe, and gets his proxy just in time for the vote of the board of directors. Anderson keeps his job. He promptly promotes Garfinkle, embittered and now just as ruthless, to be his new assistant."] ['The film focuses on several characters. One of the main protagonists, Dean , has been a waiter for four years since graduating from high school, and hasn\'t earned a degree during his four years at a community college. When Dean learns from his mother  that a former high school classmate, Chett , now has a bachelor\'s degree in electrical engineering, he begins to rethink his direction-less life. Dean\'s lecherous friend and co-worker, Monty , is in exactly the same situation, but has accepted that his future lies with the restaurant, Shenaniganz. Monty is put in charge of training Mitch , a newly hired waiter who is constantly interrupted throughout most of the film. Also working with Dean is Calvin , a hopeless romantic who cannot urinate in public, and Dan , the uptight manager who is grooming Dean as his protégé. Rounding out the staff are 17-year old hostess Natasha , abrasive waitress Naomi , waitress  Serena , Dean\'s girlfriend and fellow waitress Amy , stoner bus-boys T-Dog and Nick , head chef Raddamus , the insane, unsanitary chef Floyd , lesbian bartender Tyla , and the pensive and philosophical dishwasher Bishop . The waiters preoccupy themselves with endless gossip, complaining about the customers, seeking covert revenge on particularly rude patrons, and playing a special kind of game which involves flashing genitalia at a fellow worker . Each employee has his or her own problems and stories, which are interwoven with the ebb and flow of business. A common phrase used throughout the film, which is referred to in the Shenaniganz training video is "The only thing different between extraordinary and ordinary, is that little bit of extra!" This phrase is mocked by many of the wait staff during the film. Minutes before the restaurant closes, however, Chett and his girlfriend come in for dinner and leave Dean a hefty tip out of pity. This prompts Dean to quit his job &mdash; turning down an assistant manager position Dan offered him at the beginning of the film &mdash; to seek a more promising future. When the shift ends, the staff head to a party at Monty and Dean\'s house. At the party, Monty is able to resist having sex with Natasha , Calvin attempts to fix his relationship problems, and Mitch bashes most members of the staff after being constantly interrupted throughout the day. He concludes by giving them all The Goat from the "Penis Showing Game," which Raddimus had told him earlier that if it is achieved, will instantly grant the man god-status. Sure enough, Monty swears his undying allegiance to him. The film ends with the staff talking about the incident with Mitch, Dan showing up at a disgruntled customers\' house after Natasha gave him the wrong address to the party, and the hip hop music video debut of Nick and T-Dog.'] ['Boris Plots, director of Plots Funeral Homes in the fictional Welsh village of Wrottin Powys, dreamed of only two things as a young boy: dancing and Betty. Betty secretly loved Boris, but could not fight her father\'s wishes, so she was married off to a gold digger. Boris gave up his dreams and took over the family\'s undertaking business. Everything has remained status quo in their lives until Betty\'s mother-in-law dies. Boris and Betty are thrust together again and as they discuss the funeral arrangements for Betty\'s mother-in-law, the old spark is rekindled. Her funeral will be held at Plots Funeral Homes, much to the chagrin of rival funeral director, Frank Featherbed. Featherbed, an American, is determined to revolutionise the undertaking business in Britain through the innovation of "theme" funerals. Boris discovers that the only obstacle between their love for one another, is her marriage to the two-timing Mayor. In a desperate bid for happiness Boris and Betty decide to stage her death and run away together.'] ['The movie starts with Pina, Ugo Fantozzi\'s wife, calling the "ItalPetrolCemenThermoTextiFarmSiderChemical" industry  asking to see if her husband is still there, since she has not had any news about him for 18 days. They will find out that, for some reason, Fantozzi got stuck inside the sealed walls of the industry\'s old bathrooms. {{quote}} The first episode show the getting of Fantozzi to office. Fantozzi, due to late because of a "tragic unforeseen"  he decide to catch the bus "from abowe" by jumping from the balcony and gripping race in full up to capacity, sliding off the edge all the passengers, who then chase him to try to beat him. He will make it, but he will end up making all the passenger which are already on the bus fall out. He will finally reach his office  in time, but he will faint after reaching the stamping machine. In the second episode, Fantozzi goes at the funeral of the mega-president of the industry  After the funeral, Fantozzi asks to Miss Silvani if she would like to go out and get a drink with him. She accepts but she will end up causing troubles to him, by insulting some rude drivers who were next to them. They will beat up Fantozzi, since they think it is immoral to punch a woman. He\'ll end up having his car destroyed. In third episode, Fantozzi plays in the football match organized by Filini between singles and marrieds. The players are followed by the respective "clerk cloud", famelic cluods that rain on the clerk when he\'s on holiday. After two autogols by Fantozzi and his mirage , the match will end up being cancelled due to torrential rain turning the playing field into a swamp. The previously match was win by married for 3 heart attacked to 2 drowned... In fourth episode, In the fourth episode, Filini convinced Fantozzi to buy a small motor boat, so the two go on a camping trip near a lake, but first of two police motorcyclists to receive no less than 100 basis lashes each for having wet "the Minister of Petroleum" from an unspecified Arab country on the boat with water discharged from Fantozzi\'s clerk cloud during the trip. Because of this little "mishap" the two arrive in camp late at night, where they are rebuked by a group of German tourists because they make too much noise downloading tent poles. In an attempt to pitch a tent, planting stakes, Filini pounds unintentionally  twice a finger Fantozzi, forcing him to avoid further reprimands by the Germans, to get away for more than a mile to make a monstrous scream of pain. The morning after clumsily trying to fish, eliciting laughter of the tourists come from Germany. During the fishing trip, pulling the power cord of the motor boat, Filini thrown into the water and then Fantozzi make the same with Filini. Following Fantozzi throws first in the lake the engine of the boat is sinking, and then planting in the hull in the water on a flag pole that was intended as a sail. Then they hire a rowing boat with two tons, but by taking a running start to throw the barrel, the lines get tangled and the two are linked at the bottom of the boat. During the day, the heat, they begin to hallucinate: Filini feels like Ulysses and the sirens Fantozzi is kept to her style, "mystical hallucinations" . Very thirsty and dehydrated, the two are also used to be mocked by the cloud that drains the water a few inches from the boat. In fifth episode, all the company employees\' children have to go to the director\'s office and tell a poem they made up for Christmas. Fantozzi\'s daughter , despite creating a very original poem, will get insulted and made fun of, cause of her terrible ugliness. Fantozzi, realizing what is happening, storms in and just by looking at his supposed "superiors" manages to make them stare down in shame. After wishing them "merry christmas and happy new year" in a scathing tone he leads his daughter away. When she asks him why the people were calling her "Cita"  he tells her a white lie pretending they were actually comparing her to Cita Hayworth. This is one of the few episodes where we see the human and moral stature of Fantozzi. Sixth episode. It is New Year\'s Eve, and Fantozzi goes to a New Year\'s Eve party with his colleagues. Everything is a disaster: the waiter throws every plate over Fantozzi\'s dress, he falls through a window during the dance and the band leader rigs the clock  and runs away at half past ten. At midnight, someone throws a heavy cooking machine over Fantozzi\'s car, destroying it.'] ['With high school behind him, Andy Hardy  decides that as an adult, it\'s time to start living his life. Judge Hardy  had hoped that his son would go to college and study law, but Andy isn\'t sure that\'s what he wants to do so he heads off to New York City to find a job. Too proud to accept financial help from his longtime friend Betsy Booth , he at least lets her drive him to the city. Andy soon meets there another young man who has just been fired as "office boy" at a midtown firm. When Andy rushes there unannounced to apply for the vacancy, Betsy runs out of gasoline after patiently circling the congested streets for hours waiting for him to come out afterwards. Andy lands the job, and even gets to repeatedly date the office receptionist, a more worldly woman who with the office staff are amused at his naivete and sometimes clumsiness. He learns that daily expenses, including gifts and dates for his new girlfriend, quickly add up as well as mourning over the death of his new friend who dies. Andy is nearly fired after, due to drowsiness, he mixes up two outgoing letters in the office mail. Although ashamed to let his parents know of his difficulties, they hear of his circumstances from Betsy, and his father goes to bring him home. After facing these several lessons of life, Andy concludes that he may still have some growing up to do.'] ['Charlie Thurber  is a beleaguered English professor at fictitious Grey College who competes for tenure against an impressive new hire from Yale, Elaine Grasso . Jay Hadley  is an anthropology professor at Grey who tries to convince Thurber to sabotage Grasso’s career - while being simultaneously obsessed with trying to prove the authenticity of Bigfoot. Thurber\'s articles are rejected by a series of academic journals and he worries about becoming a victim of the "publish or perish" pressures of professorship. And despite competing for the same job, Thurber and Grasso begin developing a friendship after she flounders as a classroom teacher and asks him for advice. Meanwhile, Thurber struggles with a series of personal problems: his sister pesters him for money to pay for their father\'s retirement home; a smitten female student is aggressively flirtatious; and rather than admit he\'s single, Thurber hires a woman of questionable sanity to act as his girlfriend for a dinner with Grasso and her snobbish boyfriend. Thurber\'s tenure review with college officials seems to be a disaster until the dean casts a tie-breaking vote, noting that Thurber\'s students gave him exemplary reviews and clearly adore him. Thurber is offered probational tenure, with the caveat that his classroom teaching will be severely reduced so that he can devote more time to publishing in respectable academic outlets. The film concludes with Thurber inviting his ailing father to move in with him, Grasso dumping her boyfriend and hinting that she\'s like to pursue a relationship with Thurber, and Thurber quitting Grey College to teach at a high school so that he can remain in the classroom with students.'] ["A magazine editor named Dorine is called upon to do late work; her computer breaks down and she asks the help of a co-worker, Gary Michaels, who is electrocuted while trying to fix the wires. Dorine dials 911, but hangs up when the call is answered. She places the corpse on a cart, rolls it down to her car, loads it in her trunk, and takes it home, placing it in her basement. Then, seemingly without reason, she goes into a murder spree. She begins her spree by murdering another office worker, but later murders two young Girl Scouts who arrive at her door to sell cookies. The young girls join the other corpses in the basement, and Dorine is seen eating the cookies while working on her new laptop. Dorine sends messages from Gary to the remaining office workers, implying he is alive and has left the office or his wife. There are three more murders before the movie ends, all artistically executed. The last scene shows Dorine, after her mother's death, setting fire to her basement, then, sporting a blond wig and makeup, driving away in her car, and circling a newspaper ad with her pencil for an office job."] ["Cantankerous tycoon John P. Merrick  goes undercover as a shoe clerk at his own New York department store to identify agitators trying to form a union, after seeing a newspaper picture of his employees hanging him in effigy. He befriends fellow clerk Mary Jones  and her recently fired boyfriend Joe O'Brien , a labor union organizer. Through his firsthand experiences, he grows more sympathetic to the needs of his workers, while finding unexpected love with sweet-natured clerk Elizabeth Ellis ."] ['Garcia stars as Andy Kasper, a man who gives up his cushy marketing job to do something more fulfilling. He gets himself hired at LaHonda Research Institute where Francis Benoit  assigns him to design the PC99, a PC to sell for $99. He moves into a run-down apartment building where he meets his lovely artist next-door neighbor Alisa , and puts together a team of unassigned employees: Salman Fard , a short, foreign man with an accent who is hacking into CIA files when Andy meets him; Curtis "Tiny" Russell , a massively obese, anthropophobic man; and Darrell , a tall, blond, pierced, scary, germophobic, deep-voiced man with personal space issues who regularly refers to himself in the third person. The team finds many non-essential parts but cannot come close to the $99 mark. It is Salman\'s idea to put all the software on the internet, eliminating the need for a hard drive, RAM, a CD-ROM drive, a floppy drive, and anything that holds information. The computer has been reduced to a microprocessor, a monitor, a mouse, a keyboard, and the internet, but it is still too expensive. Having seen the rest of his team watching a hologram of an attractive lady the day before, in a dream Andy is inspired to eliminate the monitor in favor of the cheaper holographic projector. The last few hundred dollars comes off when Darrell suggests using virtual reality gloves in place of a mouse and keyboard. Tiny then writes a "hypnotizer" code to link the gloves, the projector, and the internet, and they\'re done. But immediately before he finishes, the whole team  quits LaHonda after being told that there are no more funds for their project, but sign a non-exclusive patent waiver, meaning that LaHonda will share the patent rights to any technology they had developed up to that point. After leaving LaHonda, they pitch their product to numerous companies, but do not get accepted, mainly because: *the prototype emagi  as it was now called, was ugly, and *something always seemed to go wrong during the demonstration of their product. They have almost given up hope, when in comes the lovely next-door neighbor Alisa again, whose relationship with Andy has been growing steadily. She improves its look, and when called back by an executive from one of the companies they had pitched to, to whom they had said that their design teams were working on a cosmetic model that would be ready in a couple of days when she commented, "You haven\'t given much thought to the look of it." After meeting with her, they agree to give her 51% of their company in exchange for getting their product manufactured and for getting Andy\'s Porsche bought back, which he had had to sell in order to raise money to build a new emagi after leaving LaHonda. Unfortunately, she then sells the patent rights to the emagi to Francis Benoit, who plans to sell the emagi at $999 a piece and reap a huge profit. The team interrupts the meeting in which Benoit is going to introduce the emagi to the world and introduces an even newer computer he and his team developed and manufactured at LaHonda, which was in a state of disaster when they arrived. It was a small silver tube that projected a hologram and lasers which would detect where the hands were, eliminating the need even for virtual reality gloves. Also, Andy reminds Benoit of the non-exclusive patent waiver, which had even been Benoit\'s idea in the first place.'] ['Carson portrays Dexter Jackson, a young, black deliveryman in Atlanta, Georgia who aspires to become a news reporter. Jackson gets what he considers his big break, when he drives up to a hostage situation. When the reporter on the scene is killed, Dexter steps in and confronts the hostage-taker, who threatens to kill himself on live television. However, Dexter talks the man out of it, and ratings-obsessed executive producer Kate Penndragin  later offers Dexter a reporter position at "News 4 Atlanta". A recurring gag throughout the film involves Jackson seeing himself on TV with notably different facial features, i.e. thinner lips, straight hair, and a lighter complexion. As Kate tries to transform Dexter\'s urban image , he begins questioning whether he\'s starting to sell out as he becomes more and more successful, in other words, he wonders whether becoming successful also means becoming "white". Although Dexter begins to fulfill his dream, he also starts forgetting where he came from. He alienates those close to him with tabloid-style exposé stories, i.e. a local barber\'s illegal numbers racket, and a restaurant\'s unhealthy cooking styles. Dexter loses his fiancé Toynelle  after a night on the town results in him spending the night with ditzy weather forecaster, Missy Carnes . Dexter also betrays his best friend Baker Moon  by revealing a local criminal\'s plan to commit grand theft auto. Baker winds up in the hospital. After longtime anchor Clifford Worthy  blows up on the air, Kate promotes Dexter to lead anchor and teams him with Missy, much to his chagrin. Kate also arranges a live marriage between the two, which she plans to exploit for ratings. However, in the end, Dexter comes to his senses and calls off the wedding, deciding to go back to Toynelle. He also makes amends to those he stepped over, just to become successful. In the end, Dexter finally reaches his goal, becoming co-anchor at News 4 Atlanta, alongside Clifford Worthy.'] ['C. C. Baxter  is a lonely office drone for a national insurance corporation in a high-rise building in New York City. In order to climb the corporate ladder, Baxter allows four company managers, on different evenings of the week, to take turns borrowing his Upper West Side apartment for their various extramarital liaisons that are so noisy that his neighours assume he is bringing home different women every night. The four managers write glowing reports about Baxter and the personnel director, Jeffery Sheldrake , promotes him to his personal staff, but not before convincing Baxter to give him exclusive privilege to the apartment. He insists on using it that very night and, as compensation for such short notice, gives Baxter two company-sponsored tickets to the then hit  Broadway musical The Music Man. After work, Baxter catches Fran Kubelik , an elevator operator he has had his eye on. They agree to meet up at the theater after she has a drink with a former fling. While Baxter waits, Miss Kubelik meets with Mr. Sheldrake, who convinces her that he is divorcing his wife for her. He takes her to Baxter\'s apartment while Baxter waits for her at the movie theater, never going in.  Several weeks later, at the Company\'s raucous Christmas Eve office party, Baxter inadvertently discovers the relationship between Sheldrake and Miss Kubelik, though he conceals this realization. Back at his apartment, Miss Kubelik reveals to Sheldrake that she\'s learned from his secretary  that she is merely the latest female employee to be Sheldrake\'s mistress, the secretary herself having filled that role several years earlier. While she is upset with herself for believing his lies, Sheldrake maintains that he genuinely loves her and leaves to return to his suburban family. Meanwhile, a holiday-depressed Baxter picks up a woman in a local bar and, upon their arrival at his apartment, is shocked to find Miss Kubelik in his bed, fully clothed and unconscious from an intentional overdose of Baxter\'s sleeping pills. He sends his bar pickup home and enlists the help of his neighbor, Dr. Dreyfus, in reviving Miss Kubelik without notifying the authorities. She spends several days recuperating at his apartment while Baxter tries to entertain and distract her from any further suicidal thoughts, talking her into playing numerous hands of gin rummy, though she is largely uninterested. Since she has been missing, Miss kubelik\'s brother-in-law comes to the office looking for her. The four executives direct him to Baxter\'s apartment, assuming that Baxter, who still denies them the use of his apartment, and Miss Kubelik are having an affair. The brother-in-law assumes the worst of Baxter and punches him twice after confronting the pair in Baxter\'s apartment. Sheldrake fires his secretary for revealing his history of womanizing. She retaliates by telling his wife about his infidelities, leading to the breakup of his marriage. Sheldrake, having moved into a room at his athletic club, figures he can string Miss Kubelik along while he enjoys his newfound bachelorhood. When he requests access to Baxter\'s apartment on New Year\'s Eve, Baxter refuses and quits the firm in the process. When Miss Kubelik hears of this from Sheldrake, she realizes that Baxter is the man who truly loves her, and runs to his apartment. She arrives at his apartment alone and she insists on resuming their earlier game of gin rummy. When he declares his love for her, her reply is the now-famous final line of the film: "Shut up and deal".'] ['The film begins with Maurice and Dave trying and failing to sale mailed steaks to people. When they return to their boss he has become tired of their incompetence and gives them cards with the names and addresses of their highest buyers, warning them that this is their last chance or they\'re fired. While driving Dave loses one of the cards and asks Maurice to turn around and go back. Unable to find it they try their luck with the last card they have. The card gives them the address of a woman named Loridonna. While describing their varieties of meat Loridonna gets a phone call from her friend Suzzane who has swallowed a fish and needs help. Loridonna lies that Dave is a doctor and gets him to talk to Suzzane. While Dave is talking to Suzzane Loridonna begins to seductively talk about wanting Maurice\'s "meat". Although he is turned on Maurice tries to seal a deal with Loridonna, but before Loridonna signs Dave comes in saying that Suzzane wants to kill herself. Loridonna begins to worry and tries to leave, not wanting to lose their jobs Maurice and Dave offer to drive Loridonna to Suzzane\'s house. When they get there Maurice and Dave learn that Suzzane is a drunk who says that her suicide was a false alarm. When Dave is left with the task of trying to calm down and comfort Suzzane, Loridonna and Maurice begin making out in the other room. Moments later Tony, Suzzane\'s husband, comes home and finds Maurice with Loridonna. Tony casually changes clothes while telling Maurice that Loridonna was once a man. Embarrassed Loridonna confirms this and tries to explain it to Maurice, but he is too disappointed  to care. Tony then comes out to the living room and attempts to kill Dave thinking that he tried to make out with Suzzane. After explaining what happened Dave and Tony become friendly with one another and Tony begins to grill some steaks. Dave tries to seal a deal with Tony, but he leaves to get a paper towel, because he spilled BBQ sauce on the order paper, only to be ambushed, shot, and killed by two hitmen. After finding some of Tony\'s guns Dave and Maurice are able to make the two hitmen surrender. After some awkward talking and making some promises Dave and Maurice give the two hitmen their guns back. After receiving a call from their boss the two hit men are ordered to kill Dave and Maurice. Instead of killing them the two hitmen tie up and put them into the trunk of their car. After some driving Dave and Maurice try to escape while the two hitmen go to a party. Maurice is able to get out and goes to get things to free Dave, because he got stuck. Maurice then sees Goldblurn, one of the names on the cards they got from their boss, and is convinced that the past events were for a reason. After freeing Dave and telling him what he saw Dave is skeptical but becomes a believer after seeing his wife and daughter on a bus a block away. They begin with introducing themselves and describing the tenderness of their steaks. Maurice notices the two hitmen have returned looking for them and Maurice is able to lock the door and return to Dave to warn him. Dave is unable to leave because Goldblurn is rambling on that Dave and Maurice could be selling steaks to save their sorry asses, but "seem okay." He signs and before leaving warn Goldblurn that two hitmen and their boss are here to kill him. Dave gives Goldblurn the gun Tony had when he was killed and Goldblurn tells Dave and Maurice he expects his delivery within 10 days. When Maurice and Dave drive off they look back to see shots fired before Goldblurn comes out without a scratch ordering his men that he wants "the place cleaned up as if it never happened." Dave and Maurice return to their boss with seven order papers filled out and 21 grand up front from Goldblurn. The film ends with Dave and Maurice having a barbecue with Dave\'s family.'] ['C.W. Briggs is an insurance investigator who is highly successful, owing to his many connections and ability to think like a criminal. His work does not impress Betty Ann Fitzgerald, an efficiency expert who butts heads with Briggs over his old-fashioned views. Her advice is usually followed however, because she secretly is in a relationship with her boss, Chris Magruder, who constantly reassures her that they will be free to pursue their relationship in public once he finalizes his divorce with his wife. While attending a dinner with some employees, Fitzgerald and Briggs are called on by a stage magician to be in his hypnotism act. Using the words "Madagascar" and "Constantinople" on them respectively as trigger words to put then in a trance, the two are given the suggestion that they are newlyweds who are madly in love before being reawakened. When Briggs returns home for the evening, he receives a call from the magician, who uses Brigg\'s trigger word to put him back in a trance and orders him to steal jewels for him. Briggs has no recollections of these crimes after he is woken up and is determined to prove himself by solving the crimes. He begins to investigate Fitzgerald on the grounds of her suspicious behavior  and sneaks into her house one evening. There, he witnesses Magruder tell her that he has reconciled with his wife and will not have a divorce. When he leaves, Fitzgerald becomes drunk in a fit of depression and tries to jump out of a window. Briggs stops her and spends the night keeping her from other self destructive activity. Eventually, investigations begin to pick up evidence that points to Briggs, leading to his arrest. He manages to escape to Fitzgerald\'s place, where she grudgingly hides him. Thinking that Briggs is no longer available, the magician begins to call Fitzgerald, using her trigger word of "Madagascar" to put her in a hypnotic state and resume stealing for him. It also becomes apparent that the subliminal suggestion of being in love has remained, as Fitzgerald and Briggs continue to act the part of newlyweds with each other while hypnotized. This leads several of Brigg\'s co-workers to recall the initial hypnotism and realize that it is the cause of the robberies. They free Briggs of the trigger word and upon remembering everything, he rushes to the site where the still hypnotized Fitzgerald is delivering the jewels to the magician. Briggs is discovered and held at gunpoint, however he deduces that a small-time criminal like the magician wouldn\'t have the nerve to do something as drastic as murder. The magician attempts to run but is caught by the police shortly after. Back at work, Briggs attempts to convince Fitzgerald that he loves her and she is better off with him than Magruder . She remains unwilling to break up with her boss, leading Briggs to ask, "Where are you going? Madagascar?" and puts her in a hypnotic and loving state. After they have left, their colleague George remarks that he already deprogrammed her.'] ['Alfred Kralik  is the top salesman at a gift shop in Budapest owned by the high-strung Mr. Hugo Matuschek . Kralik\'s coworkers at Matuschek and Company include his friend, Pirovitch , a kindly family man, Ferencz Vadas , a two-faced womanizer, and Pepi Katona , an ambitious, precocious delivery boy. One morning, Kralik reveals to Pirovitch that he\'s been corresponding anonymously with an intelligent and cultured woman whose ad he came across in the newspaper. Kralik is Mr. Matuschek\'s oldest and most trusted employee—just invited to a dinner party at Matuschek\'s home—but lately there has been tension between the two. They get into an argument over Mr. Matuschek\'s idea to sell a cigarette box that plays "Ochi Chërnye" when opened. Kralik thinks it\'s a bad idea. Although annoyed with Kralik\'s stubbornness, he is reluctant to ignore his judgement. After their exchange, Klara Novak  enters the gift shop looking for a job. Kralik tells her there are no openings, but when she is able to sell one of the cigarette boxes , Mr. Matuschek hires her. Later that year as Christmas approaches, Kralik is preparing to finally meet his mystery correspondent for a dinner date. Planning matrimony if the date works out, Kralik requests a raise from Mr. Matuschek who has not been in a good mood for months. Forced to put up with the pesky Miss Novak—the two simply cannot get along—Kralik is grateful that his anonymous correspondent is nothing like her. He admits to Pirovitch that he is nervous about meeting this "most wonderful girl in the world" for the first time. Kralik\'s planned meeting is interrupted when Mr. Matuschek demands that everyone stay late after work. He and Kralik argue when Kralik mentions his previous engagement. Later Kralik is called into Mr. Matuschek\'s office and fired. No one in the shop understands Mr. Matuschek\'s actions; they do not know that Mr. Matuschek suspects Kralik of having an affair with his wife. Later, he meets with a private investigator who informs him that his suspicions were correct, that his wife is having an affair with one of his employees—Ferencz Vadas. Pepi arrives back at the shop just in time to prevent the distraught Mr. Matuschek from committing suicide.  Meanwhile, Kralik arrives at the Cafe Nizza, where he discovers that his mystery woman, with the red carnation as planned, is in fact Klara Novak. Despite his disappointment, Kralik goes in and talks with her, pretending he is there to meet Pirovitch. In his mind, Kralik tries to reconcile the cultured woman of his letters with his annoying coworker—secretly hoping that things might work out with her. Concerned that Kralik\'s presence will spoil her first meeting with her "far superior" mystery correspondent, she calls Kralik a "little insignificant clerk" and asks him to leave, and he does. Later that night, Kralik goes to the hospital to visit Mr. Matuschek. After apologizing for his behavior, Mr. Matuschek offers him a job as manager of Matuschek and Company, gives him the keys to the shop, and asks him to dismiss Vadas quietly. Grateful to Pepi for saving his life, he promotes the errand boy to clerk. The next day, Miss Novak calls in sick after her mystery man failed to show. That night, Kralik visits her at her apartment, where she reveals her problem to be "psychological". During his visit, she receives a letter from her correspondent and reads it in front of Kralik . The next day, Christmas Eve, Matuschek and Company enjoys records sales; a grateful Mr. Matuschek gives everyone their bonuses and sends them home early. Then, feeling lonely, he tries to get someone to have dinner with him, but all the employees have other plans. Finally, Rudy, the new errand boy who lives alone in the city, agrees. Kralik and Miss Novak, now alone in the shop, talk about their planned dates for the evening and Miss Novak reveals that she had a crush on Kralik when they first met, back when she was foolish and naive. After pretending to have met the overweight, balding, and unemployed mystery man, Kralik puts a red carnation in his lapel and finally reveals to Miss Novak that he is in fact her mystery correspondent—her "dear friend"—and the two kiss and embrace.'] ['Travers and McKenna play Matt and Jean, a young couple  with a longing to visit exotic places, such as Samarkand. One day, Matt inherits a cinema from his great-uncle. When they look over their new property, they first mistake the modern \'Grand\' for it. They are soon disillusioned to learn that the movie theatre they actually own is the old decrepit Bijou Kinema , which is located next to a railway bridge. Along with the theatre, come three long-time employees: Mrs. Fazackalee , the cashier and bookkeeper, Mr. Quill , the projectionist, and Old Tom  the janitor, doorkeeper and usher. Robin , their solicitor, informs them that the Grand\'s owner, Mr. Hardcastle , had offered to buy the Bijou from Matt\'s great-uncle for five thousand pounds in order to construct a car park for his nearby cinema. When they see their competitor however, he only offers them five hundred, thinking they have no choice but to accept. Instead, on Robin\'s advice, they pretend to want to reopen the Bijou in order to force Hardcastle to raise his offer. At first, they seem to be succeeding, but then Old Tom inadvertently lets slip their overheard plan and Hardcastle refuses to budge. They decide to carry on with their bluff and go through with the opening. After a few mishaps, the business flourishes, especially after Matt hires the curvaceous Marlene Hogg  to sell ice creams and other treats at the interval. Hardcastle counters by slipping a bottle of whisky into the next shipment of film reels for Quill, who has a drinking problem. He eventually succumbs to the temptation , leaving Matt to try unsuccessfully to substitute for him; they are forced to refund the customers\' money. Matt and Jean are ready to give up  only to wake up the next morning to find that the Grand has burned down. Hardcastle is forced to pay ten thousand pounds for the Bijou in order to stay in business while his theatre is being rebuilt. As an added condition, he has to keep the three staff on as employees. Just as Matt and Jean are leaving on the train, Old Tom tells Matt that "It were the only way, weren\'t it?" implying he committed arson. Alarmed, they decide to write him a letter asking him to clarify his remark, but instead send him a postcard... from Samarkand.'] ["Scotty Pelk is a socially inept film geek who works at a video store called Video Connections in Portland, Oregon. His biggest claim to fame is his website, www.scottysfilmpage.com . He is a hard worker, but eventually gets fired for being too much of an annoyance to the customers. In a funk, he visits several video stores around town to try to find a job, but none of the stores are hiring. While traveling on the MAX to the Portland Staffing Resources office, Scotty sees a young woman, Niko, reading a book called The Films of David Cronenberg. He is infatuated and chases her down to talk to her about Cronenberg, but she essentially brushes him off. At the Portland Staffing Resources office, Scotty finds a job working with auto parts. He is confused and lost during his first day at work, all the while continuing to talk about movies with his co-workers. On the way home, he sees Niko again and joins her for coffee, and she invites him to her art show later that night. During the show, Niko kisses Scotty to make her ex-boyfriend, Brandon, jealous. Later, the two go out and sit in Niko's car to talk. Scotty smokes marijuana with her, and they head to a party afterwards. At the party, Scotty gets drunk with two guys who are also film fans. Scotty constantly calls Niko over the next few days, trying to ask her for a date. She eventually says yes, and they go out to eat at a Mexican restaurant. Afterwards, they watch a movie and then go to a bar. Brandon shows up at the bar and upsets Niko, ending their date. Scotty continues to obsess and call Niko frequently, but she does not answer her phone. Eventually Niko picks up, but she brushes him off. On the way to visit Niko with flowers and a balloon, Scotty sees Niko and Brandon kissing. Niko then informs Scotty that she and Brandon have gotten back together, indicating that her interest in Scotty had been a ruse to make Brandon jealous. Scotty goes home and, in a fit of rage and self-loathing, destroys the bouquet of flowers and balloon he had bought for Niko. Scotty is shown masturbating in his bathroom , when he is interrupted by the phone ringing. A Willamette Week newspaper editor is calling Scotty to do an article on him after hearing about his website from the two guys at the party. Once the article is published, Scotty's website becomes popular around the city and he becomes a local celebrity, and eventually gets his own office. While Scotty is signing autographs at Video Connections, Niko walks in after having a fight with Brandon. After talking a little, Niko and Scotty get back together and kiss. The film ends with Scotty once again masturbating into his bathroom sink."] ["After leaving the army and returning to university, newly-graduated upper class Stanley Windrush  is looking for a job but fails miserably at interviews for various entry-level management positions. Stanley's uncle, Bertram Tracepurcel  and his old army comrade, Sidney DeVere Cox , persuade him to take an unskilled blue-collar job at Uncle Bertram's missile factory, despite Aunt Dolly's  misgivings. At first suspicious of the overeager newcomer, Communist shop steward Fred Kite  takes Stanley under his wing and even offers to take him in as a lodger. When Kite's curvaceous daughter Cynthia  drops by, Stanley readily accepts. Meanwhile, personnel manager Major Hitchcock  is assigned a time and motion study expert, Waters , to measure how efficient the employees are. The workers refuse to cooperate but Waters tricks Windrush into showing him how much more quickly he can do his job, than other more experienced employees. When Kite is informed of the results, he calls a strike to protect the rates his union workers are being paid. This is what Cox and Tracepurcel want; Cox owns a company that can take over a large new contract with a Middle Eastern country at an inflated cost. He, Tracepurcel and Mr. Mohammed , the country's representative, would each pocket a third of the £100,000 difference. Things don't quite work out for either side. Cox arrives at his factory to find that his workers are walking out in sympathy for Kite and his strikers. The press reports that Kite is punishing Windrush for working hard. When Windrush decides to cross the picket line and go back to work , Kite asks him to leave his house. This provokes the adoring Cynthia and her mother  to go on strike. More strikes spring up, bringing the country to a standstill. Faced with these new developments, Tracepurcel has no choice but to send Hitchcock to negotiate with Kite. They reach an agreement but Windrush has made both sides look bad and has to go. Cox tries to bribe him with a bagful of money to resign quietly but Windrush turns him down. On a televised discussion programme moderated by Malcolm Muggeridge , Windrush reveals to the nation the underhanded motivations of all concerned. When he throws Cox's bribe money into the air, the studio audience riots. In the end, Windrush is convicted of causing a disturbance and everyone else is exonerated. He is last seen with his father  relaxing at a nudist colony, only to have to flee from the female residents' attentions."] ['Craig Schwartz  is an unemployed puppeteer in a forlorn marriage with his pet-obsessed wife Lotte . Gaining a file clerk job through Dr. Lester  at LesterCorp, in the strange Floor 7½ low-ceiling offices of the Mertin Flemmer Building in New York City, he develops an attraction to his co-worker Maxine , who does not return his affections. Craig discovers a small door behind a filing cabinet which he enters, finding himself in the mind of actor John Malkovich; able to observe and sense whatever Malkovich does for fifteen minutes before he is ejected and dropped into a ditch near the New Jersey Turnpike. Craig reveals the portal to Maxine and they decide to let others use it at $200 a turn. Craig tells Lotte, who becomes obsessed with the experience, allowing her to live out her transgender desires. Lotte becomes attracted to Maxine and they begin a sexual relationship by having Lotte inside Malkovich while Maxine has sexual intercourse with Malkovich. Craig, forsaken by both women, locks up Lotte in a cage. Unbeknownst to Maxine, he then enters into Malkovich\'s mind and has a sexual encounter with Maxine. Drawing on his puppeteering, Craig discovers that he is able to control Malkovich\'s actions while in his head, causing the actor to become paranoid. After consulting with his friend Charlie Sheen, Malkovich trails Maxine to the Mertin Flemmer building, where he finds and tries the portal and is placed in a world where everyone looks like him and can only say "Malkovich"; he is ejected and meets Craig by the turnpike, and angrily demands that the portal be closed, to which Craig refuses. Lotte escapes and phones Maxine, revealing that Craig was having sex with her. Maxine is annoyed but accepts it as she enjoyed the experience. Seeking help, Lotte finds Dr. Lester, who is well aware of the portal and has a room dedicated to Malkovich. He explains that the person connected to it becomes "ripe" for occupation on the eve of their 44th birthday. However after turning 44, the portal moves to its next host, an unborn child. The former allows one to increase their life before moving on to another host while the latter means being trapped within the unborn child. Dr. Lester, who has been using the portal to prolong his life, reveals his plan to use Malkovich for himself and several of his friends. Offered the chance to join Lester\'s group, Lotte warns him that Schwartz has control. Meanwhile, Craig finds he is able to remain in Malkovich indefinitely. He spends the next eight months in Malkovich\'s body and through his control, turns Malkovich into a world-famous puppeteer, revitalizing puppetry. Malkovich also gets married to Maxine and learns that she is pregnant, as their relationship grows distant. Malkovich\'s 44th birthday approaches so Dr. Lester and his friends cut a deal with Maxine and fake a kidnapping, they call up Craig threatening to kill her if Craig does not leave. He shuts the phone down out of remorse causing Dr. Lester to think that he had called their bluff. Lotte loses hope and attempts to kill Maxine, but they end up at the turnpike after falling through the portal and Malkovich\'s shame-ridden subconscious. Maxine reveals that she conceived when Lotte was inside Malkovich\'s body, and kept the child because it is theirs. The revelation cements their love for each other. Eventually, Craig calls back Dr. Lester thinking Maxine is still in danger, realising his opportunity Dr. Lester continues his bluff and convinces Craig to leave Malkovich\'s body voluntarily in his hope to win Maxine back. Malkovich finds that he has regained control of himself but his joy is cut short as moments later Dr. Lester and his friends enter the portal. Craig, discovering that Lotte and Maxine are together again, enters the portal in an attempt to become Malkovich and regain Maxine, but is too late and finds himself in the next host: Emily, the baby of Maxine. Craig is permanently imprisoned and must now spend the next 40 years watching Maxine and Lotte live happily ever after through Emily\'s eyes. Later, an aging Malkovich, under the collective mind of Dr. Lester and his friends, reveals to a now aged Sheen a plan to prolong their lives through Emily.'] ['Josh is the consummate temp employee, avoiding all long-term connections and responsibilities, both at work and in his personal life. However, by the time his agency places him at the Schuyler & Mitchell law firm, Josh is tired of his temporary life and agrees to take a permanent position at the firm. Josh has difficulty adapting to his new lifestyle, which manifests in his inability to complete his simple initial task: mailing seventeen important letters.'] ['In December 1958, Norville Barnes, a business college graduate from Muncie, Indiana, arrives in New York City looking for a job. He struggles, due to lack of experience, and becomes a mailroom clerk at Hudsucker Industries. Meanwhile, the company founder and president, Waring Hudsucker, unexpectedly commits suicide by jumping out of a top-floor window. When Sidney J. Mussburger, a ruthless member of the board of directors, learns that Hudsucker\'s stock shares will be sold to the public soon, he mounts a scheme to buy the controlling interest in the company: he will temporarily depress the stock price by hiring an incompetent president to replace Hudsucker. Shortly before his last meeting, Hudsucker sent Mussburger a top-secret communication called a "Blue Letter", which Norville is assigned to deliver. After meeting Norville, Mussburger selects him as a proxy for Hudsucker. Across town, Amy Archer , a brassy Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter for the Manhattan Argus, is assigned to write a story about Norville and find out what kind of man he really is. She gets a job at Hudsucker Industries as his personal secretary, pretending to be yet another desperate graduate from Muncie. One night, Amy searches the building to find clues and meets Moses, a man who operates the tower\'s giant clock and knows "just about anything if it concerns Hudsucker." He tells her Mussburger\'s plot and she takes the story back to her Chief, but he does not believe a word of it. The other executives decide to accept Norville\'s invention for the hula hoop, in the hope that it will depress the company\'s stock. However, the hula hoop brings the company greater success than before. Amy is infuriated over Norville\'s new attitude and leaves him. Buzz, the eager elevator operator, pitches a new invention: the flexi-straw. Norville does not like it and fires Buzz. Meanwhile, the Hudsucker janitor, Aloysius, discovers Amy\'s true identity and informs Mussburger. Mussburger reveals Amy\'s secret identity to Norville and tells him that he will be dismissed as president after the new year. Mussburger also convinces the board that Norville is insane and must be sent to the local psychiatric hospital. On New Year\'s Eve, Amy finds Norville drunk at a beatnik bar. She apologizes, but he storms out and is chased by an angry mob led by Buzz, who was led by Mussburger to believe that Norville stole the hula hoop idea. Norville escapes to the top floor of the Hudsucker skyscraper and changes back into his mailroom uniform. He climbs out on the ledge, where Aloysius locks out Norville and watches as he slips and falls off the building at the stroke of midnight. All of a sudden, Moses stops the clock and time freezes. Waring Hudsucker appears to Norville as an angel and tells him that the Blue Letter that was supposed to be delivered to Mussburger contains a legal document indicating that Hudsucker\'s shares would go to his immediate successor, which is now Norville. Moses fights and defeats Aloysius inside the tower, allowing Norville to fall safely to the ground. Norville and Amy reconcile. As 1959 progresses, it is Mussburger who is sent to the asylum while Norville develops a new invention "for kids," a flying disc of some kind that will ultimately turn out to be a frisbee.'] ['Nora Shelley is a tax expert for the accounting company which is led by Paul Martin. She may find suitable husband with several bankroll by making a preliminary inspection of profit. Martin tries to tie her for the duty so enlists help of Steve Adams to imitate an eligible man, and woo to the lady.'] ['Sol Glass  owns a clothing manufacturing company struggling to survive in the midst of the Great Depression. Like his competitors, Glass employs "customer girls" to entertain out-of-town buyers. However, his clients have become tired of his hard-bitten "gold diggers" and have started taking their business elsewhere. Tommy Nelson , one of his salesmen, suggests that they use their stenographers instead. Glass decides to give it a try. When buyer Luther Haines  sees Tommy\'s secretary and fiancee, Florence "Flo" Denny , he wants to take her out. However, Tommy manages to steer him to the curvaceous Birdie  instead. Later, with Birdie sick, Tommy reluctantly lets Flo go on a date with another buyer, Daniel "Danny" Drew . They have a nice time together, but she is shocked when she finds out Danny expects sex. A contrite Danny apologizes and tells her that he has fallen in love with her. He has to go on a business trip, but telephones and writes to her regularly. Meanwhile, Flo\'s friend, fellow employee and roommate, Maizee , shows her that Tommy is cheating on her with Birdie. She ends their engagement. To keep her self-respect, Flo tells Glass that she will not go out with any more buyers. When he threatens to fire her, she quits. Danny returns and takes Flo to dinner. Then, spotting Haines at another table, he asks her to help convince the last holdout to a merger to sign an important contract, the biggest deal of his life. She is disappointed by his request, but agrees to do it. She goes to dinner with Haines, but cleverly arranges with Maizee to have Haines\' wife  and daughter show up. Haines has to go along with the pretense that he is conducting business, and signs the contract. When Haines later complains about Flo\'s methods, and claims that she and Tommy are living together, Daniel suspects that she is not as innocent as he believed, so he drives her out into the country to the mansion of his friends. Nobody is home, but he coaxes her inside and tries to force himself on her. Flo tries to get away, but finally stops resisting. However, when she asks him if that is all she means to him, Danny stops before anything happens. She leaves, only to run into Tommy, who had followed the couple. He also believes she is selling herself. Danny, overhearing their conversation, realizes that Flo is innocent, and forces Tommy to apologize. Danny begs her to marry him. After she whispers in his ear, he picks her up and carries her back into the mansion.'] ['In 1994 middle-class Bombay, three ordinary youngsters, Karan , Zing  and Chandu , graduate from college and start a business together. They meet Bulbul , and she and Karan eventually fall in love. They name their venture "Friends and Company" and proceed to make a large fortune by smuggling expensive foreign goods in from Bangkok. When Karan is caught by his father putting away the black money, he explains the situation, including the fact that he is doing business with a smuggler. As a result, he is forced to leave the house and starts living with Bulbul. After the government in India decides to reduce the import duty on foreign goods, the friends decide to go to America. However, Karan becomes too greedy and the group begins to fall apart. Karan and Zing get into an argument about Zing\'s excessive drinking; Bulbul leaves when she finds out that Karan had married another woman for a green card; Chandu gets married and quits the company to start a video store. Alone and heartbroken, Karan visits India and secretly attends a function where his father is being honored. Upon seeing this, he realizes his grave mistake. On his return to America, he is arrested and put in jail for 6 months. He is bailed out after Bulbul comes and gives up Zing\'s, Chandu\'s and her share from what they earned in the company. Karan starts working with his uncle. One day, he meets Bulbul, who is revealed to be pregnant with his child. The lovers reconcile, and Karan patches up with Zing, Chandu, and his family, while saving his uncle from a huge financial loss. "Friends and Company" is formed again but is turned into a public limited company. With his wife, son, friends, and having made his father proud, Karan is finally content with his life'] ["Matthew Barnes is a young executive on the move up who finds himself a pawn in corporate in-fighting when he's sent to London to oversee a merger. He's to replace John Gissing; Gissing's gotten wind of it, and he makes sure that Matthew and his wife Linda, who has dutifully but reluctantly come to England, have a miserable first few days there. By the time Matthew figures out what's happening and declares a counter offensive, it may be too late to save himself from a transfer to Detroit. With Gissing still holding lots of cards and Linda more unhappy by the moment, Matthew must reevaluate. All out war? A partnership with Gissing? Some third way?"] ['The film centres on a group of colleagues in downtown Calgary, Alberta, who bet a month\'s salary on who can last the longest without going outside. The film takes place over one lunch hour during the course of the month long competition. The dark comedy often uses surrealism to achieve its goals. The cast includes Fab Filippo, Don McKellar, Marya Delver and Michelle Beaudoin. The film\'s title is derived from a particular form of suicide where one smashes the  window of one\'s high-rise office and then jumps through. Many people go "downtown", but such folks go "waydowntown". In the movie, one of the characters has accumulated a 2-litre pop bottle full of marbles in the hopes of breaking his window.'] ['Judy, also known as Girl 6 , is at a very awkward audition with Quentin Tarantino. Judy seems to grin and bear it. Tarantino reveals that the film Judy is auditioning for is "the greatest romantic, African-American film ever made. Directed by me, of course." However, Judy grows suspicious of the audition, when "Q.T.", tells her that "Wesley, Denzel, Fish  . . ." are signed up to play supporting roles. Judy seems to keep her cool until it is requested that she remove her blouse so "Q.T." and his assistant can see her breasts. She reluctantly complies, but not for long. She walks out on the audition. Her agent  is furious. Having worked hard to get Judy her audition with such a prestigious director, he quickly and angrily drops her from his roster of clients. Her melodramatic acting coach  is also extremely displeased. When Judy tells her why she did not go through with the audition, the acting coach still does not see any reason why Judy should have walked out. This, topped with the fact that Judy has not paid her rent in a very long while, forces her to drop Judy from her roster of clients as well. Now unable to secure acting work, Judy must find a way to make ends meet. She tries a number of jobs: passing out fliers, waiting tables at a club, etc. At one point she agrees to be an extra on a movie set. However, it is cold and unpleasant, as is the director. Judy is sick with a cold, and still trying to secure work. While reading a newspaper, she sees an ad for a "friendly phone line", as well as one with the headline, "mo money, mo money, mo money". She circles them both. This brings her to a meeting at a phone sex office. She meets the boss , who seems to be an assertive but friendly woman. The two click and the "audition" goes over just fine. The boss, now known as Lil, says that although she can\'t promise anything, she\'ll put in the good word for Judy. Judy also goes to another meeting, but the boss there wants her to do more visually related work, so she declines. Then, she attends another meeting, at a strip club/phone sex line with a relaxed boss ([[Madonna . She would take the job, but the content allowed for on-line discussion is a bit too heavy for her taste. She decides to stick to her original application with Lil. We now look in on Judy\'s dissolved relationship with her kleptomaniac ex-husband , as well as her relationship with her baseball-memorabilia obsessed best friend, Jimmy . Jimmy is reliant on his collection for money, but until it accumulates enough age to be worth money, he gets his rent money from Judy. Throughout the film, the phone sex line, having been secured at Lil\'s company, begins to take its mental toll on the newly christened Girl 6. She trusts her clients too much at times, and is therefore tricked repeatedly. She even agrees to meet one of her callers at one point, but he never shows, leaving her on a bench alone. It is visible to everybody, especially Lil and Jimmy, that Judy is having a breakdown. The movie culminates in a dark sequence in which she enters a snuff fantasy with a caller . It becomes serious when she discovers the caller knows where she lives. Running upstairs for shelter with Jimmy, she decides that it is time to leave the phone sex career behind and get her acting career in motion. Finally reconciling with her ex, she decides to move to L.A. Judy attends another audition in which she experiences the same problem as the one with "Q.T." She again walks out. However, it is clear that Girl 6 has reclaimed her dignity, and will find work sooner or later.'] ['{{plot}} Andrea "Andy" Sachs  is an aspiring journalist fresh out of Northwestern University. She lands the job "a million girls would kill for": junior personal assistant to Miranda Priestly , the icy editor-in-chief of Runway fashion magazine. At first, Andy fumbles with her job and fits in poorly with her catty coworkers, especially Miranda\'s British senior assistant Emily Charlton . During a dinner with her father who came to visit her in New York City, Miranda calls her: the airports in Florida where she is are all closed due to a hurricane but she needs to get home and orders Andy to get her home somehow. Andy tries every airline company there is, but none of them are flying out because of the weather. Andy\'s father suggests Miranda learn a lesson about waiting out a hurricane, and tells Andy to put away her phone as he takes her out to dinner. When Miranda does arrive back at the office she tells Andy she has disappointed her. Andy has a talk with Runways art director Nigel , who gives a whole new perspective of Miranda, her work and fashion in general. Andy decides to change and—initially with Nigel\'s help—gradually learns her responsibilities and begins to dress more stylishly. Although Nigel is blunt, Andy feels he is the lone Runway employee looking out for her. Miranda notices the change in Andy and gives her a new task: delivering "The Book"  to her Upper East Side townhouse. Emily explains to her that she has to behave as if she is \'invisible\' while she delivers the book at Miranda\'s house. However, Andy is tricked by Miranda\'s daughters into going upstairs, where she inadvertently walks in on Miranda and her husband arguing. Mortified, she drops the book and leaves. Miranda punishes Andy by giving her an impossible task: securing the unpublished manuscript for the next book in the Harry Potter series for her twin daughters to read on the train. Andy is just about to quit when Christian Thompson , a famous writer and acquaintance of Andy\'s informs her he has obtained it for her. Andy delivers the copy of the manuscript to a stunned Miranda, who still gives Andy a hard time for not having two manuscripts for both of her daughters to read at the same time, but Andy was prepared and already gave the twins two copies, while the one she gave Miranda was just a backup. When Emily falls ill, Miranda commands Andy to accompany the two of them to a charity benefit, where they masquerade as partygoers while actually Emily whispers to Miranda the names of the people approaching her for greeting. At the event, Andy saves Miranda from being embarrassed by Emily, who had forgotten one of the names; meets Jacqueline Follet, the editor-in-chief of French Runway and Miranda\'s rival; turns down an offer to meet a big publisher from Christian, but all the while misses her boyfriend\'s birthday party. One evening, while returning The Book, Miranda informs her that she needs "the best team possible" for her Paris trip, which means stepping over Emily. Andy hesitates, as Emily has been boasting about going to Paris for months, but Miranda tells her that declining will send the message that she is not committed to her job or any future job at another publication. Faced with this threat, Andy accepts. The next day Miranda then tells Andy to be the bearer of bad news to Emily. Just as Andy is about to tell her, Emily crosses at a "no cross" point and is hit by a taxi. Andy has a rough day confronting Emily about Paris and then at her friend Lily\'s art gallery, where she accepts a kiss on the cheek from Christian. Lily catches this and berates Andy, to then confront her boyfriend about the fact that she is going to Paris. He realizes that they no longer have anything in common, and they break up. In Paris, Andy attends the shows and even meets designer Valentino Garavani, being introduced as "the new Emily". One night Andy comes into Miranda\'s suite only to find her in her bathrobe, undressed, and crying. While deciding on a seating chart, Miranda opens up saying that her husband is divorcing her, and again the press would write rude things about her such as \'career obsessed woman\' who doesn\'t care for family but that her biggest worry is for her daughters. Later, Andy learns from Nigel that he has landed a job as creative director at fashion designer James Holt\'s new company. Andy has dinner with Christian who figures out that she is single again. After a few glasses of wine she succumbs to Christian\'s charms and the two have sex. In his hotel room the next morning, while dressing, Andy finds out that the American Runway\'s owner is planning to replace Miranda with Jacqueline Follet. Surprised, she asks Christian about it who confirms it saying that Miranda has become old and that Jacqueline will bring fresh change to the magazine. Andy rushes to the door while Christian stops her calling her \'baby\' to which she replies that she is not his \'baby\'. Andy storms out to find Miranda and warn her. When Andy finally tells her, Miranda seems unfazed. At a luncheon in honor of James Holt, Miranda announces that Jacqueline will be the new creative director of James Holt\'s company much to the surprise of Andy and Nigel. En route to another event, Miranda explains to a still-stunned Andy that she knew about the plan to get rid of her all along, but she found an alternative for Jacqueline and presented "The List"  to the owner of Runway, who realized that without those people, Runway would suffer greatly, and was forced to reconsider. Miranda also says that she was pleased by Andy\'s display of loyalty and that she sees a great deal of herself in her. Andy says she could never do to anyone what Miranda did to Nigel. Miranda replies that she already did, in stepping over Emily. Miranda tentatively comforts her, saying that those choices are necessary to live the life that she lives. At the event, Andy gets out of the car and simply walks away. When receiving a call from Miranda, she throws her phone into a fountain on the Place de la Concorde. Back in New York, Andy meets with Nate for breakfast. He has accepted an offer to work as a sous-chef in a popular Boston restaurant. Andy is disappointed, but her hope is rejuvenated when he says they could work something out. Andy, once again wearing more modest clothes, goes to an interview for a newspaper job. The interviewer reveals that Miranda told him she was by far her biggest disappointment, but that if he did not hire her, he would be an idiot. Afterwards Andy calls Emily while walking past the Runway office and offers to send Emily all of the outfits Andy got while in Paris, Emily feigns imposition saying the clothes will "absolutely drown her" but accepts. When she hangs up with Andy, Emily turns to the new second assistant that replaced Andy and tells her that she has big shoes to fill, in a sense admitting that Andy was an excellent worker and a good person. As Andy hangs up from that same phone call, she sees Miranda getting into her car across the street. They exchange looks and Andy smiles at her, but Miranda acts as if the two are strangers, which Andy takes in good grace. Once in the car, Miranda smiles slightly before curtly telling her driver, "Go."'] ['Since the events of the previous film, Calvin Palmer, Jr.  has finally settled comfortably into his role as the owner of the inner city barbershop founded by his grandfather and father. The shop\'s latest threat comes from overzealous developer Quentin Leroux  who opens a rival barbershop chain across the street, called "Nappy Cutz". While Calvin attempts to figure out how to deal with the coming threat of direct competition from Quentin\'s flashy establishment, his barbers have issues of their own. Isaac , the lone white barber, is now the star of the shop, and begins to feel that he deserves star treatment, feeling neglected by Calvin and the other barbers. Terri ([[Eve  is finding success in managing her anger, but has trouble dealing with the growing mutual attraction between her and Ricky . Dinka  is still interested in Terri, but is distraught when he finds out that she loves Ricky instead. Jimmy  has quit the shop to work for the local alderman Lalowe Brown ; his replacement, Calvin\'s cousin Kenard , is fresh out of barber school and horribly inept at cutting hair. Meanwhile, the barbershop and other businesses like it are under threat from gentrification and Calvin is offered a substantial bribe from Brown and Leroux in exchange for his support of the city council\'s pro-gentrification legislation. A subplot involves Eddie recalling his time as a young man in the late 1960s, when he first started working at the shop with Calvin\'s father, including the riots following the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. Also, Eddie remembers his long-lost love . This subplot causes Eddie and Calvin to begin bonding. The film also introduces, Calvin\'s ex-girlfriend Gina , who works at the beauty shop next door. The girls at the beauty shop have similar conversations and experiences like the barbers and Gina has a bitter rivalry with Eddie . After attempting to change his own barbershop\'s style and decor to match those of his rival, Calvin decides to refuse the bribe money and speak out against the neighborhood\'s gentrification at the local city council meeting. Though Calvin gives a passionate speech about the legislation helping the region to earn money at the cost of its soul and the community, the council still unanimously votes to approve the legislation and move forward with the project. Terri and Ricky accept their love for one another. Dinka loses Terri, but finds love in a stylist at Gina\'s beauty shop. Though the pro-gentrification project is approved, the community remains loyal to Calvin\'s barbershop.'] ["{{story}} On a cold winter Saturday in Chicago in year 2002, Calvin Palmer, Jr.  decides he has had enough of trying to keep open the barbershop his father handed down to him. He cannot borrow enough money to keep the place open, it is not bringing in enough revenue, and he is more interested in coming up with get-rich-quick schemes to bring in easy money. Without telling his employees or the customers, Calvin sells his barbershop to a greedy loan shark named Lester Wallace , who lies about keeping the place the same and suddenly makes plans to turn the place into a strip club. Prior to this, two wannabe thugs, JD  and his best friend Billy , steal an ATM from a convenience store and they spend all day trying to pry it open. After spending a day at work and realizing just how vital the barbershop is to the surrounding community, Calvin rethinks his decision and tries to get his shop back, only to find out Wallace wants double the $20,000 he paid Calvin to give the shop back, and before 7 P.M. Now Calvin has only a scant few hours to try to raise enough money to save the shop. After he admits to the employees that he sold the barber shop and that it would be closing at the end of the day, Chicago police come in and arrests one of the barbers named Ricky . Ricky was arrested after being accused of driving his pickup truck into a nearby market to steal the ATM, but it is revealed that the ATM thief, JD, is Ricky's cousin and he was the one who committed the crime after borrowing Ricky's truck. That was Ricky's third strike, and he could be sentenced to life in prison. Calvin uses the $20,000 from Lester to bail Ricky out of jail. Once Calvin picks Ricky up from the jail, Ricky is angry at his cousin for betraying him and wants to kill him! Calvin tries to calm him down, but Ricky does not show any sign of calming down. Calvin gives Ricky a gun he found that fell out of Ricky's locker at the shop, and is disappointed that Ricky is going to end up right back in jail. Ricky tells Calvin to pull the car over, and he does. Ricky gets out and decides to throw the gun off the bridge they are on and into the water before getting back into the car, proving that he does not want to get in any more trouble with the law. Then they both go to see Lester. Lester, as well as JD and Billy  are confronted by Calvin and Ricky. Calvin and Ricky demands Lester to give Calvin his barbershop back. Lester is angered and orders his bodyguard Monk to pull out his gun. The police arrive just in time to save Calvin and Ricky. JD and Billy are arrested. Calvin and Ricky see the ATM, and get a $50,000 reward for returning it to police. They get the money, and the barbershop reopens with even better business than before. In the meantime, Calvin's wife, Jennifer , has given birth to a baby boy."] ['{{Expand section}} I Really Hate My Job is the story of the lives of five waitresses stuck in a second-rate London restaurant with delusions of grandeur. Customers come and go, unaware of the real concerns of these women; a rat or two in the kitchen, bitter arguments about life and art, as well as a coup d’état in the kitchen... all overshadowed by the anticipation of a booking by a famous Hollywood film star.'] ['Joe Scheffer  is a recently divorced single parent, and a talented audio/visual specialist at STARKe Pharmeceuticals, his place of employment. One day Joe pulls into the parking lot at work to find his co-worker Mark McKinney  parking in a spot that has been reserved for those who have worked for the company for 10 years. However, McKinney has only worked there for 7 years. When Joe confronts McKinney about this, McKinney assaults him in front of his young daughter Natalie . Joe falls into a state of depression until Meg Harper , the Wellness Coordinator at STARKe, accidentally ignites a fuse in him when, in a fit of frustration, she asks Joe, "What do you want?" Joe is suddenly stirred to action by this question, and decides he wants a rematch to reclaim his dignity and self-respect, which he felt McKinney took from him. After issuing the challenge to McKinney, Joe begins to find himself becoming very popular around the office for his bravery. Meg and Natalie, however, do not feel fighting McKinney will solve anything, and both attempt to tell Joe as much, to no avail. Joe seeks out the aid of an ex B movie star-turned-martial arts instructor named Chuck Scarett  to teach him to defend himself. Things seem to finally be going right for Joe, as he has begun to see Meg and has even been given a promotion at work he had been hoping for. When Meg realizes Jeremy , a colleague she works closely with for the company , only gave Joe a non-existing position at the office to prevent him from suing the company, she resigns in fear that she might one day have to demote or even fire Joe. Meg again tries to persuade Joe not to fight McKinney, and finally gives him an ultimatum: if he does not call off the fight with McKinney, their relationship is over. The day of the fight, Joe makes it all the way to the school where the brawl is to take place. However, he finally realizes it would be immature to fight, and not worth the price he would have to pay. When Joe tells McKinney and his other co-workers the fight is off, McKinney offers him an apology, which Joe accepts. Joe then goes and makes up with Meg for not understanding her reasoning before.'] ['The owner of an IT company wishes to sell it. But, for years, he has pretended that the real boss lives in America and communicates with the staff only by e-mail. That way, all the unpopular decisions can be attributed to the absentee manager, while all the popular ones to him directly. But now, the prospective buyer insists on meeting the big boss in person. In a panic, the owner hires a failed, over-intellectualizing actor to portray this imaginary boss, and the actor proceeds to improvise all his lines, to the consternation of both the buyer and the company staff, who finally get to meet their ghostly boss.'] ['The F+B Ambulance Company is locked in an intense battle with the Unity Ambulance Company to win a city contract for providing ambulance service to a territory within Los Angeles. Their star driver is "Mother" Tucker, a talented antihero who drinks alcohol on duty, harasses nuns, and behaves brazenly towards practically everybody he meets, including his partner Leroy. Indeed, the entire company is a band of misfits, including the hyper-sexual John Murdoch, his partner Walker, putative medical student Bliss, and brash Texan "Rodeo" Moxey. Handling calls at the switchboard is Jennifer, whom the drivers nickname "Jugs" for her ample bosom. Harry "Doughnut" Fishbine runs the company, using occasionally underhanded means  to maintain an income stream. When Walker is injured after falling through a staircase on a call, Harry Fishbine hires Tony Malatesta, a disgraced sheriff\'s detective and former Vietnam War ambulance driver. Upon learning that Tony has been suspended from the police force due to allegations that he sold cocaine to children, Mother nicknames him "Speed". Speed is initially paired with Murdoch, though their partnership is strained when Speed must stop Murdoch from raping an unconscious female college student who has overdosed on Seconal. On a false emergency call, Leroy is shot and killed by a junkie demanding drugs. When Mother pulls a gun on the junkie, the junkie commits suicide. Later that night, a drunken Mother assaults Murdoch for stating that Leroy\'s death "doesn\'t count"; though Murdoch states this in regard to the drivers\' "dead body" pool, Mother perceives it as an attack on the character of his dead partner. Harry then partners Speed with Mother to alleviate his driver shortage. Meanwhile, Jugs has obtained her Emergency Medical Technician  and ambulance driver certifications, and forces her way onto F+B\'s active roster with threats of sexual discrimination lawsuits. When Speed fakes an injury to prevent Jugs\' arrest for misuse of an ambulance, the two fall in love. Though Jugs proves a capable EMT, she loses her nerve after a pregnant woman under her care suffers a severe obstetrical hemorrhage and bleeds to death in Mother\'s ambulance. Jugs secludes herself afterward until Mother counsels her and gives her the courage to return to work. At a City Hall meeting, City Councilman Warren informs the owners of both Unity and F+B that they will not be awarded the contract - it will instead be awarded to a larger, established company. To save their businesses, Unity\'s owner, Charles Taylor, proposes that their two companies merge. Though the councilman is agreeable to the merger, Fishbine is not. The discussion is interrupted by an emergency call: Murdoch, intoxicated and armed with a handgun, has broken into F+B\'s bus garage office with Walker and is holding Mrs. Fishbine hostage. All of Unity\'s and F+B\'s ambulances descend on the F+B garage; upon arrival, Murdoch opens fire and hits Speed in the shoulder. When Mother charges onto the garage grounds to rescue his ambulance, he comes face to face with Murdoch; Murdoch tries to shoot Mother, but his gun is empty. A deputy sheriff then shoots and kills Murdoch. In the aftermath of this incident, F+B does merge with Unity, forming the Fishbine + Unity  Ambulance Company, based out of the old F+B garage.  Speed, who has been cleared of all charges, is reinstated to the police force, though he remains romantically involved with Jugs. Jugs is initially relegated to switchboard duty again, until Mother insists that she become his new partner. The two drive off together, with Mother harassing the nuns one more time as the movie ends.'] ["Nora Harper  is an African-American businesswoman who owns a hair salon in Los Angeles, California. She keeps watch over her employees, friends, relatives, and regular customers. Lilleana  is a new employee from the Dominican Republic, and she is also in an abusive relationship with her wants-more-than friend, Bennie . Chloe  is a hair stylist who has aspirations of a career in show business. Ming  does manicures and has problems with her temper, and loves offering her opinions. Devin  is a bisexual man who is uncertain about his relationship with Delicious . Later in the film, Nora has a heart attack. Her friends from the salon hope for her recovery but she dies shortly before the end of the film. In the end the salon remains open, selling Nora's hairstyling products."] ["Edison  is a poor, failed inventor and surf bum, but soon runs into and befriends wealthy business magnate Armand McMillan . When Armand passes away shortly thereafter, he leaves Edison the majority of shares in his large invention corporation, and leaves his jealous nephew, his only living relative, Bradford ([[Larry Miller  only a surfboard. Bradford attempts to derail Edison's success by stealing his formula for glow in the dark, which had not previously existed in the reality of this movie, and sharing it with a consumer who covers himself in it and alleges that Edison's prize invention—a portable TV/TV dinner combo—leaks radiation. When Edison reveals to all that radiation causes sickness and death—but not a literal glowing—and that he had invented the formula for glow in the dark, the company is saved and Edison appoints beau Natalie Stockwell  to run the company."] ['{{Rquote}} Nick "The Zone" Falzone  and his fellow air traffic controllers at New York TRACON pride themselves on their ability to handle the intense stress of being a controller for one of the busiest airspaces in the country, even boasting of the 50% drop-out rate for new additions to the staff who are unable to cope with the pressure. The group is joined by the quiet and confident Russell Bell , a veteran of TRACONs in the Western United States. Russell quickly proves to be exceptionally capable of handling the increased workload by using unorthodox and risky methods. Nick feels challenged by the new controller\'s ability to out-perform him at seemingly every task and warns his supervisor that Bell is a loose cannon, especially after discovering that Russell once stood on a runway to allow himself to be violently propelled by a landing commercial airliner\'s jetwash. At a supermarket, Nick encounters Russell\'s despondent young wife Mary , who is sobbing over a grocery cart full of alcohol. In consoling her, Nick ends up back at the Bells\' house, where he and Mary both cheat on their respective spouses by having sex. Several days later, Mary informs Nick that she immediately told Russell about the affair, and that the confession has actually improved their marriage. Fearing retaliation, Nick confronts Russell at work, and is confused and surprised by Russell\'s even-tempered response to the situation. Meanwhile, Nick\'s wife, Connie , seems to become more and more intrigued by Russell, and Nick becomes increasingly paranoid that Russell will eventually seek revenge by having sex with her. While out of town for his father-in-law\'s funeral, Nick can\'t bring himself to lie when a grieving Connie challenges him to say that he has never cheated on her. As their flight home approaches New York, Connie tells Nick that she has indeed slept with Russell. The plane then makes an odd turn, and Nick assumes that Russell is harassing him, or possibly going insane, by purposely directing the plane into a dangerous storm. Soon after going to TRACON to confront Russell, a bomb threat is called in to the center. The building is evacuated as both Nick and Russell volunteer to stay behind to handle the daunting task of landing all the planes on approach in their airspace before the alleged bomb is set to go off in 26 minutes. Successfully routing all but one plane that has lost radio contact, Nick leaves the building as the deadline approaches, while Russell instead remains inside to make contact with the plane by calling one of its passengers via Airfone. Russell is lauded as a hero for making the effort despite the threat, which turned out to be a hoax. Russell abruptly quits and he and Mary move to Colorado. Connie leaves Nick, and his performance at work suffers; the once cocky, boastful controller is sent home after being responsible for two mid-air near collisions in one shift. After learning that Russell had ordered the diversion of Nick\'s flight not to provoke him, but to clear a path to make a plane with a medical emergency on board next in line for a landing, Nick impulsively drives out to Colorado to make amends with Russell. Nick seeks his advice on how to get his personal life back in order, but Russell is unable to make Nick understand with words. He instead brings Nick to a runway so that he too can experience being caught in a landing aircraft\'s turbulence. The two engage in the stunt together, and it has a profound effect on Nick, who thanks Russell. He returns to New York, where he regains his form at work, and reconciles with Connie.'] ['Charlie Hinton is a hardworking father whose wife Kim has just gone back to work as a lawyer. They enroll their child, Ben, in Chapman Academy, a very academic pre-school headed by Miss Harridan. Soon after, Charlie is laid off. In need of money, he opens up a day care center, Daddy Day Care, with the help of his best friend Phil Ryerson. At first, the local moms are suspicious of men wanting to work with children . But as Daddy Day Care is cheaper and more child-centered than the academy, the latter begins to lose popularity. Miss Harridan attempts to shut down Daddy Day Care by notifying child services that Charlie and Phil are not following the regulations. Mr. Kubitz, a director of child services notifies them of the codes that need to be fixed, which Charlie and Phil quickly correct. Daddy Day Care grows in popularity and attracts more children. Mr. Kubitz informs Phil and Charlie that they need another employee to keep an appropriate ratio of children to caregivers. Luckily, Marvin, a former co-worker, had dropped by and after seeing how good he is at entertaining the children, Phil and Charlie ask him about joining. Marvin is unsure at first, but then finds himself falling for Kelli, the single mother of one of the children, and agrees. Later, Mr. Kubitz tells them they have too many kids to stay at Charlie\'s residence. They find an abandoned building with potential, but do not have the money to buy it. They hold a fund raising called "Rock for Daddy Day Care" which Miss Harridan finds out about. Miss Harridan and her assistant wreck the festival by unplugging a bouncy castle, filling the food with cockroaches, switching face paint with glue, releasing animals from the petting zoo, and turning on the sprinklers. Daddy Day Care does not raise enough money. Shortly after, Charlie and Phil are offered their old jobs back, accepting Miss Harridan\'s offer to take the kids back to the academy. Marvin, heartbroken by the closing of the day care, declines Charlie and Phil\'s offer to be on board their marketing panel. Charlie soon realizes that marketing is not what it is all cracked up to be, and successfully convinces the children and their parents to return to Daddy Day Care, making it a raging success, and causing Chapman Academy to shut down. Marvin is now in a relationship with Kelli. Miss Harridan now takes a job as a crossing guard, and her former assistant, Jenny, joins Daddy Day Care at the new facility.'] ['Although the film does not have a linear plot, a skeletal structure exists, telling the same story from three different perspectives divided into three acts.  The film\'s main character is Fletcher Munson , an office employee working under Theodore Azimuth Schwitters, the leader of a self-help company/religion/lifestyle known as Eventualism, a clear reference to L. Ron Hubbard and Scientology. The audience sees the events unfold in the opening act through Fletcher\'s point of view. Fletcher sees the underlying meaning in everything, paying more attention to what is meant, rather than what is said. As he progresses through his day the audience sees the lack of attention he is paying to the people around him, degrading to the point where he comes home for dinner and he and his wife illustrate their lack of communication by simply describing what they are saying. :Fletcher: Generic greeting. :Wife: Generic greeting returned. :Fletcher: Imminent sustenance. :Wife: Overly dramatic statement regarding upcoming meal. :Fletcher: Oooh, false reaction indicating hunger and excitement! When Fletcher\'s co-worker Lester Richards  unexpectedly dies, Fletcher must take his job as speechwriter for Schwitters. His personal life suffers because of his work, and he becomes even more detached from his wife, who is trying to cope by having an affair. Meanwhile, Elmo Oxygen, a local exterminator, spends much of his time going from house to house, bedding the bored housewives of the community, and taking pictures of his genitals using various cameras he finds on tables and in cabinets. Elmo and those around him speak in a nonsensical code that, for all its complexity, conveys meaning perfectly. As Elmo makes his rounds, he is followed by a couple in an SUV. Fletcher finishes this act by making an honest mistake in a parking lot. Finding that his key will not work, he looks around and finds that his car  is an exact match for the one he is trying to get into. He goes to enter his own car when he sees a man who is his exact double climb into the car he himself just tried to enter. Fletcher follows his doppelganger home and closes his eyes and becomes this mystery man.  The second act follows the doppelganger, one Dr. Jeffrey Korchek. Korchek is a conservative dentist who has been mentioned by one or two smaller characters in the first act. He is always in a jogging suit, although he only jogs from his car to the door of wherever he is going. He is also quite a fan of Muzak. Korchek, it turns out, is the mystery man that Fletcher\'s wife has been having an affair with, causing Fletcher/Korchek to comment, "Oh no. I\'m having an affair with my wife!" Despite being with, essentially, the same man, Mrs. Munson seems to feel comfortable with Dr. Korchek. The communication is better and she feels needed and wanted. Korchek suggests she leave Fletcher and move in with him. Mrs. Munson says she will think about it. The next day, Dr. Korchek has breakfast with his heroin addict brother, who first asks to stay with Korchek, and then asks to borrow money. Korchek says he cannot and that his brother should not be dealing with the drug dealers anyway. The brother tries to see it from this perspective, but they cannot see eye to eye on this one. Korchek goes to work. Once there he meets Attractive Woman Number 2 . Korchek falls instantly in love with her and writes a letter professing his love. :"Dear attractive woman number 2, only once in my life have I responded to a person the way I\'ve responded to you, but I\'ve forgotten when it was or even if it was in fact me that responded. I may not know much, but I know that the wind sings your name endlessly, although with a slight lisp that makes it difficult to understand if I\'m standing near an air conditioner. I know that your hair sits atop your head as though it could sit nowhere else. I know that your figure would make a sculptor cast aside his tools, injuring his assistant who was looking out the window instead of paying attention. I know that your lips are as full as that sexy French models that I desperately want to fuck. I know that if for an instant I could have you lie next to me, or on top of me, or sit on me, or stand over me and shake, then I would be the happiest man in my pants. I know all of this, and yet you do not know me. Change your life; accept my love. Or, at least let me pay you to accept it." He leaves this note on her door and goes home. Once there, he sees a car parked in the driveway. It is Mrs. Munson, who has considered the offer and has left Fletcher. Korchek has to admit that he has fallen in love with someone else and this probably is not going to work out. Mrs. Munson is justifiably upset and leaves. The next day Korchek gets to work and is confronted by a large man who says "Your brother, eight hours, fifteen thousand dollars." In fact, almost all of this man\'s dialog consists of some combination of these three commands. Korchek goes into the office and finds a registered letter from a law firm representing Attractive Woman Number 2, who is filing a sexual harassment suit against Dr. Korchek. The day goes from bad to worse when it is revealed that Korchek\'s brother has stolen all of his money. Broke, tired, loveless and depressed, Korchek leaves work, only to find that the large man\'s time limit has elapsed. Korchek is shot dead. Throughout this act, Elmo has been given his own action show and has given up bug spraying to become a star.  The final act is seen through the perspective of Mrs. Munson. We move through the storyline again and see her side of things, Fletcher\'s growing disaffection, Dr. Korchek\'s affection, the day-to-day routine of being a mom. The action follows roughly the same events, except that Fletcher and his doppelganger speak Japanese, Italian or French, with the cultural stereotype of each nationality reflecting Mrs Munson\'s perception of the men. This is in a similar vein to the "generic greetings" of the earlier act. Once she leaves Korchek, she makes a tired reconciliation with Fletcher and they go home together. Fletcher finishes Schwitter\'s speech and all seems to be well. The day of the speech, Schwitters mounts the podium and prepares to give the oration which is, by all accounts, quite good. He does not get to utter even a greeting, though, as Elmo, who has been missing for this entire act, bursts into the auditorium and shoots Schwitters in the chest. Schwitters survives, however, and Oxygen is arrested. After nonsensical ranting he exposes his crotch in a police interrogation. The movie ends with a pair of monologues. First, Munson is seen in a shopping mall narrating the events of the rest of his life &mdash; his wife will leave him and he will drunkenly collapse in Alaska and freeze to death. Then, Soderbergh returns and asks if there are any questions regarding the end of the film. The camera pulls back and reveals he\'s talking to an empty auditorium.  The film has no beginning or end credits. There is a single frame of copyright information at the end of the film.'] ['The Salon is an independent feature film that was developed, financed and produced by Howard University grads David Odom and Mark Brown. In the movie, Jenny Smith  owns a modest neighborhood beauty parlor that is hugely popular with the folks who reside on her street, but mom-and-pop businesses are going belly-up all over the place and lately a corporate giant has been clamoring to set-up shop on the block. Despite formidable pressure from the Department of Water and Power, Jenny refuses to accept the offer made for her shop and decides to test her luck against the DWP in the local courthouse. Tagline: Where you get more than just a hair cut!'] ['Rebecca Bloomwood  is a shopping addict who lives with her best friend Suze . She works as a journalist for a gardening magazine but dreams to join the fashion magazine Alette. On the way to an interview with Alette, she buys a green scarf. Her credit card is declined, so Rebecca goes to a hot dog stand and offers to buy all the hot dogs with a check, if the seller gives her back change in cash, saying the scarf is to be a gift for her sick aunt. The hot dog vendor refuses but a man offers her $20. When Rebecca arrives at the interview, she\'s told that the position has been filled. However, the receptionist tells her there is an open position with the magazine Successful Saving, explaining how getting a job at Successful Savings could eventually lead to a position at Alette magazine. Rebecca interviews with Luke Brandon , the editor of Successful Savings and the man who just gave her the $20. She hides her scarf outside his office, but Luke\'s assistant comes into the office and gives it back to her. Rebecca knows the game is up and leaves. That evening, drunk, she and Suze write letters to Alette and Successful Saving, but she mails each to the wrong magazine. Luke likes the letter she meant to send to Alette and hires her. Rather than completing a work assignment for a new column, Rebecca goes to a clothing sale. While inspecting a cashmere coat she has just purchased, she realizes it is not 100% cashmere and she has been duped. This gives her an idea for the column, which she writes under the name "The Girl in the Green Scarf" and is an instant success. Rebecca later returns home to renewed confrontations with her debt collector, so Suze makes her attend Shopaholics Anonymous. The group leader, Miss Korch , forces Rebecca to donate all the clothes she just bought, including a bridesmaid\'s dress for Suze\'s wedding and a dress for a TV interview. After the meeting Rebecca can\'t afford to buy back both and buys back the interview dress. During the interview, Rebecca is accused of not paying her debts and loses her job. Suze is angry when she finds out that Rebecca lost the bridesmaid dress. Alette offers Rebecca a position at the magazine, but Rebecca declines. She sells most of her clothes to pay her debts, including the green scarf. Meanwhile, Luke starts a new company, Brandon Communications. Rebecca\'s clothes sale makes it possible for her to pay her debts. Rebecca attends Suze\'s wedding after reclaiming her bridesmaid dress, and Suze forgives her. Rebecca and Luke reunite, and Luke returns the green scarf after revealing that the person who bought it at an auction was acting as his agent. Rebecca becomes romantically involved with Luke and starts working at his new company.'] ['Tom Turner, a con artist, works at a dead letter office and begins to answer the letters from people addressed to God.'] ['Cynical ad executive B. D. Tucker  is desperate not to lose the account of the financially ailing Norbecker Brewery. When three losers  inadvertently prevent a robbery in a bar, Tucker and her minions give them a macho image and center an entire ad campaign around them.'] ["Angèle is a 40 year old beautician who works at the title establishment in Paris. She has been an orphan from the age of eight, her father having killed her mother for suspected infidelity, and then killed himself when her infidelity was proved untrue. She picks up men to have short sex flings, but no longer believes in love, having hurt her former boyfriend, Jacques, whom she occasionally contacts out of loneliness, but who is never available at the same time as her. An unkempt younger man, Antoine, sees her at a cafe as she is being dumped by her latest fling, and falls in love with her. He stands outside the beauty shop to watch for Angèle, follows her to a café and declares his love for her, but she for once is lost for words and does not immediately return his feelings. Antoine also reveals that despite his feelings for her, he is engaged, but feels he is drifting away from his fiancée. However, despite her refusal to believe in love, Angèle gradually falls for Antoine. Venus Beauty Institute is run by Nadine, and Angèle's co-workers include Samantha, who has a string of dates and gives Angèle their descriptions, and Marie, the youngest who is still learning the ropes. The co-workers' love lives contrast with Angèle's. Marie has as her client an aging pilot, who had been burnt and had his face reconstructed from his late wife's skin. The pilot wants Marie to come to his house, which she eventually does, watched by Angèle and Antoine. Angèle is concerned that Marie is too naïve and that the pilot invited her to his house to seduce her. As Marie and the pilot begin to make love, Angèle and Antoine start kissing. Christmas is approaching, and Angèle goes to her aunts in Poitiers. Antoine had revealed that he is a sculptor, and had been commissioned to do an altarpiece for the cathedral there. She goes the cathedral to see the artwork, but changes her mind when an old friend recognizes her. Returning to Paris, Angèle goes to the hospital to visit Samantha, who tried to commit suicide out of loneliness over Christmas. Samantha reveals that Nadine is starting a new store, and that she found a new girl to temporarily replace Samantha. However, the new girl, Evelyne, turns out to be a disaster, wanting to arrange the products by colour rather than function, and eventually quits. Meanwhile, Antoine's fiancée had followed him and seen him leave the store with Angèle. She goes to the store as a client, and confides to Angèle that her fiancé is seeing someone else, but she thinks he still loves her. Later, when Antoine takes Angèle shopping, Antoine's fiancée comes into the store; Angèle sees them together and thinks Antoine has betrayed her. She phones Antoine to tell her call their relationship off. To make amends, as Angèle is left to close the store on New Year's Eve, Antoine comes to the store with a present. It is a new dress. Antoine's fiancée sees this and comes into the store with a gun, but when she fires all she succeeds in hitting is the lights. As the sparks fly, Antoine and Angèle kiss each other."] ['Happy-go-lucky advertising executive David Basner , who recently got a promotion at his Chicago ad agency, returns to work from a vacation. He is utterly carefree until his parents split up after 36 years of marriage. Out of the blue, he must care for his aging, bitter father, Max , as well as be there for his emotionally fragile mother, Lorraine . To add insult to injury, Max has just been fired from his 35-year career in the garment industry. At work, David is developing a commercial for Colonial Airlines, owned by the rich and eccentric Andrew Woolridge . A successful ad campaign would likely promote David to partner in his company. David develops a relationship with Woolridge\'s daughter, no-nonsense Cheryl Ann Wayne . His father is well aware of David\'s playboy nature. Asking at one point if his son is in bed with a woman, Max adds: "Anybody you know?" The parents begin to rely more and more on David, calling him on the phone constantly. His mother needs help moving to a new apartment. His father needs to be driven to an eye doctor. Lorraine needs to be rescued in a bar after going out on a date with another man, having become frightened when he tried to kiss her goodnight. David\'s mother then confides to him that Max cheated on her and humiliated her. An enraged David goes to confront Max. Their argument ends with David saying: "Tomorrow I\'m shooting a commercial about a family who loves each other, who cares about each other. I\'m fakin\' it." The next day, David is distracted by the deteriorating relationship with his dad and it affects his work. As a peace offering, David offers to take Max to a nightclub to hear some of the jazz music Max likes. It is there that David accidentally discovers a secret Max has been hiding: diabetes. His foot is gangrened. Max must go to the hospital. While awaiting surgery, he and Lorraine share their thoughts about their life together, with Lorraine condemning him for doing what he did to himself and to her. Max sobs over his mistakes once he is alone. At the agency, Andrew Woolridge insists that David go to New York with him to promote his new ad campaign. David refuses, saying he wants to stay with his sick father. Woolridge complains that it\'s unnecessary. David tells him off and is fired. The next day, David accompanies his dad to the operating room. His boss Charlie, after relating a similar story to David about his difficult relationship with his own father, assures David that he will personally smooth things over with Woolridge, so David should take some time off. Max loses two toes. When he goes home from the hospital, David pushes his wheelchair. Max admits to his son: "You were the last person I thought would ever come through for me."'] ['Greg Nolan  is a newspaper photographer who lives a lavish and carefree life--that is, until he encounters an estranged, lovelorn woman named Bernice  on the beach near her beach front home. She assumes different names and personalities whenever the mood hits her . After having her dog, Albert, a Great Dane , chase Greg into the water when he insults her after not feeling anything towards her after they kissed; she invites him to stay at her home and later manages to make him lose his job and apartment after drugging him, which left him in a deep sleep for days. However, Bernice manages to find Greg another home, and he wants to pay her back. So he gets two full-time photographer jobs: one for a Playboy-like magazine company owned by Mike Lansdown , and the other for a very conservative advertising firm co-owned  by Mr. Penlow . The two jobs are in the same building, forcing Greg to run from one job to the other without being detected. Greg now has to manage balancing the two conflicting jobs along with dealing with Bernice and her eccentric ways.'] ["The film revolves around three characters who work in television news. Jane Craig  is a talented producer who tries to conceal how important it is for her to be found sexually attractive by a handsome man who epitomizes everything about television news that appalls her. Jane's best friend and frequent collaborator, Aaron Altman , is a gifted writer and reporter ambitious for on-camera exposure, who is secretly in love with Jane, and embittered by her rejection of him. Tom Grunick , a local news anchorman who was up until recently a sports anchorman, is likable and telegenic, but denied respect due to his intellectual limitations, of which he is all too aware. He is attracted to Jane, although he is also intimidated by her skills and intensity."] ['{{plot}} Empire Records is a small, independent record shop managed by Joe . The store is set in an unnamed city in Delaware, and like the employees, is eclectic and unique. The staff is very much a self-created family, with Joe as the reluctant and perpetually exasperated but loveable father figure. Joe selects Lucas  to close the store for the first time ever. While counting the day\'s receipts, Lucas discovers that Empire Records is about to be converted into a branch of Music Town, a franchise music store. In an attempt to save the store, Lucas takes the day\'s cash receipts to Atlantic City. While initially very lucky, he loses the entire amount. Joe is distracted from dealing with this immediate crisis due to a scheduled publicity stunt. Rex Manning , a pompous, fading pop singer, is due to arrive to sign autographs and promote his new album. No one is really looking forward to "Rex Manning Day" except cashier Corey , an overachieving student headed for Harvard University who has a schoolgirl crush on Rex, and plans to lose her virginity to him. Corey\'s best friend and fellow cashier Gina , a more adventurous and free spirit than Corey, encourages Corey in her pursuit of the much older Manning. Empire\'s owner, Mitchell Beck , arrives to collect the missing deposit, but Joe covers for Lucas and plays for time by handing Mitchell a bag full of loose receipts. AJ  confides in Joe that he loves Corey, and has chosen Rex Manning Day as the day he tells her. Lucas returns and rather than show repentance or guilt, calmly and repeatedly insists that everything will somehow work out, much to Joe\'s growing confusion and frustration. Joe forbids Lucas to leave the store  until he is able to repay the $9,000. Deb , another store employee, arrives. She, as usual, is hostile and antisocial to the rest of the staff. She immediately locks herself in the bathroom, where she impulsively shaves her head. As she exits the bathroom, AJ sees that her wrists are bandaged and she admits that she attempted suicide. It is revealed that Deb and Berko , a local rock musician and another store employee with whom Deb is romantically involved, have recently had a fight, but Deb insists that he was not the reason for her suicide attempt. A young shoplifter who identifies himself only as Warren Beatty  is apprehended outside the store by Lucas. Soon after, Rex Manning arrives with his assistant Jane . Manning is condescending toward Joe, the rest of the staff, and his fans. Corey demands to bring Rex his lunch and awkwardly attempts to seduce him during his lunch break. When Manning responds with a crude pass, Corey runs off in embarrassment. A lovesick AJ finally attempts to tell Corey how he feels about her. Corey, emotionally overwhelmed by her encounter with her idol, tells AJ that she cannot handle his admission. Crushed, AJ abandons his plan. In the meanwhile, both Joe and Berko attempt to reach out to Deb, who refuses to explain her behavior or the circumstances that led to her bandaged wrists. Deb buries herself in work, but is clearly upset. As the afternoon progresses, the plan to convert Empire Records into a Music Town is revealed, and Joe admits that he had hoped to buy Mitchell out. However, Joe will now have to use his money to replace what Lucas lost, and Empire Records is now doomed to become a Music Town. The afternoon continues to spiral downward. Corey accuses Gina of encouraging her ill-advised behavior around Rex. Outraged at the accusation and seeking to hurt Corey, Gina seduces Rex Manning, much to the horror of her friends. When Corey confronts her, calling her a slut, Gina retaliates by revealing Corey\'s secret amphetamine habit, which helps her stay up all night studying. Corey has a hysterical episode and has to be physically restrained by Joe. Uncharacteristically, Deb shows sympathy towards the always perfect Corey having a near meltdown and helps calm her. Corey, after hearing about Deb\'s suicide attempt, arranges a "funeral" for her where all her friends gather around and say things that they love about her. Lucas reveals that Joe actually rescued him from the orphanage as a teen, and was trying to repay him for his kindness. Deb admits she tried  to kill herself. During the mock funeral, "Warren" returns with a gun and holds up the store. Deb boldly confronts Warren, confusing him and distracting him from his plan, and the rest of the staff persuade Warren into admitting that he only returned because he felt kinship with the rest of the misfits in the store, leading Joe to offer him a job. After the police leave, Lucas admits defeat, and suggests calling Mitchell. However, his friends and coworkers , pool their resources to replace the missing money. Despite their best efforts, they are thousands short. Suddenly inspired, Mark runs out of the store and impulsively jumps in front of a news crew covering the hold up and announces a late night benefit party/concert to save Empire. Between AJ\'s art, various money raising efforts by the rest of the staff, a rooftop concert featuring Berko and Gina, enough is made to replace the money Lucas lost. Joe and Lucas return the money to Mitchell, and promptly quit. Mitchell, appalled at the debacle and the prospect of managing the store without Joe, offers to sell it to him. Joe agrees. Corey tells AJ that she really does love him, too, but that she now hates him for doubting his ability to succeed in art school. AJ tells her he has quit the store, and has been accepted to an art school in Boston, and they finally kiss.'] ['Norman Neale and his best friend Chuck have an ongoing debate on the subject of "what single superpower would you choose?" Then, one day, Norman notices Victor Ventura, a successful trader at Richmond financial, the company he works for. While the two are both getting coffee, Norman accidentally drops a mug. Victor amazingly catches the mug in midair. Though impressed, Norman dismisses it as good reflexes. Later, Mr. Richmond, company CEO, asks Norman to videotape Victor at the company softball game. He notices that as Victor is about to hit the ball, the video momentarily displays static interference, and begins to suspect Victor has Telekinesis. Norman confirms his theory with a small trap, but Victor catches Norman watching and threatens to have him fired if he doesn\'t back off. Victor knows he has powers, but also fears that if they become public he would be institutionalized and studied. Norman consults Chuck on what to do, and after an initial misunderstanding, Norman lets Chuck continue to believe that Victor is a comic book character of Norman\'s creation. Chuck suggests training Victor and Norman agrees, but again Victor refuses to go along with it. Meanwhile, Victor\'s competition, Carson Fleming, introduces the secretary, Andrea Hicks, into a secret project of his. He claims that once he is finished the project and presents it to Mr. Richmond they will both be rewarded. One night Carson and Victor go out drinking. On their way home, Carson slips on a curb and falls into the path of a car. Victor tries to use his powers to save Carson, but isn\'t strong enough. Carson is run over and killed. Victor returns to Norman and agrees to let him train him. Norman sets about training Victor, increasing his range and strength. The two also discover his weakness; Alcohol causes his concentration to diminish severely, drastically reducing his powers. Norman ends the training by making Victor save him from the same situation he lost Carson in. He then offers to make Victor "Victory Man", a real life superhero. Victor, mad at Norman for what he pulled, calls him delusional and tells him to go. Later that day, however, Victor decides to treat Norman to one night of crime fighting as payment for the training. The pair run into a gang of street thugs, who threaten them. Victor quickly defeats them with his powers, but then begins to force two of the toughs to do humiliating things to each other. Norman begs Victor to stop and they both leave. Norman tells Chuck that he has given up on Victor, because he has no compassion left. Chuck tells him that he shouldn\'t give up on his comic-book, because now he has a "killer villain". Realizing this may be true, he quickly leaves to find Victor. At the same time Andrea shows up at Victor\'s house, telling Victor that she still wants in on Carson\'s project. Victor reveals that there was never any project and that it was all a scheme, created by Victor for Carson, to get girls. An argument ensues, but is cut short by the arrival of Norman. As he enters, Andrea is not there, and Norman informs Victor he wants out of the partnership. He also accidentally reveals Chuck as his confidant. Norman leaves and then Andrea is shown to be paralyzed and hidden in the closet. He gets information on chuck from her and heads out to find him. Just after closing time, Victor breaks into Chuck\'s comic book store and kills Chuck. He then breaks into Norman\'s house and demands that Norman help him steal money from Richmond Financial. The two break into the corporate building after dark. Victor reveals that Andrea is being help captive and threatens to hurt her if Norman doesn\'t continue to help. Before he begins hacking the company computer, he suggests they have an alcoholic drink. Norman only drinks a little, but while waiting a long time for Norman to do his work, Victor drinks nearly the rest of the bottle. Norman waits until Victor has passed out before going into the men\'s bathroom, where he takes off his suit to reveal that he is wearing the Victory Man costume. Norman releases Andrea and tells her to run. Then he tapes Victor to a rolling chair and rolls him to the elevator. While waiting for the elevator, Victor comes to, but isn\'t focused enough to use his powers. Norman reveals that he put sleeping pills into the scotch and that he\'s turning Victor in. As they talk, Victor regains his focus and attempts to push Norman down the elevator shaft. Before Victor can finish Norman off, however, Andrea returns and knocks him out with a fire extinguisher Norman is interrogated by the police. Norman tries to warn them of Victor\'s powers, but they refuse to believe it. As a result, Victor breaks free of his hand-cuffs, kills the guard and escapes.'] ['In 1996, Jamie Randall  is fired from a Midwest town\'s electronics store for having sex with his manager\'s girlfriend. His wealthy brother Josh  announces at the dinner table at their parents\'  house that he has found Jamie a job as a pharmaceutical sales representative. After attending a Pfizer training program where he has sex with the instructor , Jamie goes to work for the company and tries to get doctors to prescribe Zoloft and Zithromax. He is rebuffed, much to the dismay of his regional manager, Bruce , who sees Jamie as his ticket to the "big leagues" of Chicago. Bruce says if Jamie can get Dr. Knight  to prescribe Zoloft instead of Prozac, other doctors will follow his lead. Jamie tries to get access to Dr. Knight by hitting on his female employees until, exasperated, Dr. Knight unethically permits him to observe a disrobing patient, Maggie Murdock , who suffers from early onset Parkinson\'s disease. Jamie angles a date with Maggie, who has sex with him. Jamie is later beaten up by top-selling Prozac rep Trey , one of Maggie\'s ex-lovers, who warns him to stay away from her and the doctors. That night, Jamie is unable to get an erection. Maggie teasingly says he should use the new erectile dysfunction drug that his company has developed. Bruce confirms that such a drug, to be called Viagra, is about to be marketed. Jamie soon starts selling Viagra, an instant success. Jamie wants a committed relationship, but Maggie refuses. Jamie confronts her while she helps senior citizens onto a bus bound for Canada to get cheap prescription drugs, and they get into an argument. Two days later, after he waits the night before at the bus stop in his car, he greets her back. Maggie is touched that he waited, and they resume their relationship. Jamie spends nights at Maggie\'s apartment. One night, he tells Maggie that he loves her &mdash; the first time he has ever said that to anyone &mdash; and has a panic attack. Maggie calms him by saying she "said \'I love you\' to a cat once". Jamie catches his brother masturbating to a sex tape that he and Maggie had filmed. Jamie asks her to go to a Chicago medical conference with him. She ends up at a Parkinson\'s discussion group across the street, and is moved by the people and their stories. Jamie meets a man whose wife is in the final stages of the disease, and asks for advice about Maggie. The man tells him to run. After the convention, Maggie tells him how much she loves him. Jamie starts researching Parkinson\'s, and takes Maggie to different specialists around the country to have tests done. Jamie becomes angry and upset when he arrives at an appointment, to find out it has been rescheduled after they had flown in to see the doctor. Maggie sees that Jamie can only love her if there\'s a hope that one day there will be a cure, and decides to break up with him. Some time later, Jamie goes to a restaurant and runs into Maggie, who is on a date. Bruce shows up and reveals Jamie has been promoted to the Chicago office. While packing to move to Chicago, Jamie finds the videotape recorder where he taped himself and Maggie talking about life. Jamie realizes he wants to be with Maggie, but her boss tells him she has left for Canada to obtain drugs. Jamie flags down her bus and tells her that she makes him a better person, and that he loves and needs her. She starts to cry and says she will need him more. Jamie decides not to take the job in Chicago, but instead he attends medical school and stays with Maggie.'] 