['In this film, which is based loosely on the ancient Chinese novel Journey to the West, South Boston teenager Jason Tripitikas is a fan of martial arts films and he awakens from a dream of a battle between the Monkey King, played by Jet Li and celestial soldiers in the clouds. He visits a pawn shop in Chinatown to buy Wuxia DVDs and discovers a golden staff. On his way home, Jason is harassed by some hooligans, who attempt to use him to help them rob the shop-owner Hop. Hop tries to fight the thieves with the staff, but is shot and wounded. He tells Jason to deliver the staff to its rightful owner and Jason flees with the staff. He is cornered on the rooftop by the hooligans and almost shot too, but he is pulled off the roof by the staff and falls backwards onto the asphalt. When Jason regains consciousness, he finds himself in a village in ancient China that is under attack by armored soldiers. The soldiers see his staff and attempt to seize it. He is saved by the inebriated traveling scholar Lu Yan , a supposed "immortal," who remains alert and agile even when drunk. Lu brings Jason to a teahouse and tells him the story of the rivalry between the Monkey King and the Jade Warlord. The Jade Warlord tricked the Monkey King into setting aside his magic staff Ruyi Jingu Bang and transformed him into a stone statue, but the Monkey King cast his staff far away before the transformation. Being an immortal, the Monkey King did not die, but got captured inside the statue. Lu ends the tale with a prophecy about someone, a "Seeker", who will find the staff and free the Monkey King. Just then, they are attacked by the Jade Warlord\'s men again but manage to escape with the help of Golden Sparrow, a young girl who refers to herself in the third person. She reveals that her family was murdered by the Jade Warlord, against whom she has therefore sworn revenge. Meanwhile, the Jade Warlord , upon learning that the staff has been sighted, sends the White-Haired Witch Ni-Chang to help him retrieve it in exchange for the elixir of immortality. Jason, Lu Yan and Golden Sparrow meet a strange man dressed in white, also played by Jet Li, who takes the staff away from them. Lu Yan fights with the man  for the staff until the latter realizes that Jason is the prophesied Seeker, and he joins them in their quest to free the Monkey King. As the four travel to Five Elements Mountain, Lu Yan and the Silent Monk teach Jason Kungfu along the way. After crossing a desert, they encounter Ni-Chang and her henchmen and a battle ensues, in which Lu Yan is mortally wounded by Ni-Chang\'s arrow. The protagonists take refuge in a monastery, where they learn that Lu is actually not an immortal as he failed the test to become one. Only the Jade Warlord\'s elixir can save his life. In desperation, Jason goes to the Warlord\'s palace alone to exchange the staff for the elixir. In the palace, the Jade Warlord asks Jason to fight with Ni-Chang to the death, because he had promised to give the elixir to only one of them. Jason is defeated by Ni-Chang and the Warlord taunts him for his foolishness, and is about to decapitate him when the other protagonists and monks from the monastery arrive to join in the battle. Jason manages to grab the elixir and he tosses it to Lu Yan, who drinks it and recovers. The Silent Monk is wounded by the Jade Warlord\'s Guan Dao during the fight and he passes the staff to Jason, who uses it to smash the Monkey King\'s statue. The Monkey King is freed and the Silent Monk is revealed to be actually one of the Monkey\'s clones. Lu Yan battles Ni-Chang and kills her by throwing her off the cliff hundreds of feet below. After another long battle between the Monkey King and the Jade Warlord, the Warlord is eventually stabbed by Jason and falls into a lava pit to his death. However, Golden Sparrow has been seriously injured by the Warlord and she dies in Jason\'s arms, thanking him in the first person before dying. By then, the Jade Emperor has returned from his meditation and he praises Jason for fulfilling the prophecy and allows him for one wish, which he asked is to return home. Jason finds himself back in 21st century Boston after passing through a magical portal at the exact moment and location of his earlier fall. He defeats the hooligans easily by using the Kungfu moves he was taught and drives them away. He alerts the police and calls an ambulance for Hop, who survives from the gunshot wound and brushes off Jason\'s concerns, claiming that he is immortal. . Before the film ends, Jason is delighted to see a girl who resembles Golden Sparrow and speaks to her briefly, before she heads back to her shop, called "Golden Sparrow Chinese Merchandise". The final scene shows Jason on a rooftop at night practicing his staffwork and continuing to hone his kung fu skills.'] ['Zhang Wuji and his parents return from an isolated island and travel to Mount Wudang to celebrate his grandteacher Zhang Sanfeng\'s 100th birthday. Several pugilists attempt to force Zhang Wuji\'s parents to reveal the whereabouts of his godfather, Xie Xun, but they refuse and commit suicide in defiance. Zhang Wuji has been seriously injured by the Xuanming Elders and almost dies, but Zhang Sanfeng shows special care towards him and attempts to preserve his life. However, that incurs the jealousy of his senior Song Qingshu, who collaborates with Zhou Zhiruo of the Emei Sect to harm Zhang Wuji. One day, Zhang Wuji is bullied by Song and falls off a cliff together with Xiaozhao, a girl who helped him. They meet Huogong Toutuo by coincidence and Zhang recovers from his wounds completely, learning the powerful "Nine Yang Skill" in the process as well. Zhang discovers later that the Shaolin Sect is plotting with five other major sects to attack Bright Peak, headquarters of the Ming Cult, where Zhang\'s maternal grandfather, Yin Tianzheng is. Zhang ventures into a forbidden place on the peak and finds the "Heaven and Earth Great Shift" manual, mastering another powerful skill, and he helps the Ming Cult defeat the six sects. The cult members are grateful to Zhang and nominate him to be their leader. Zhang Wuji discovers that the conflict between the Ming Cult and the six sects was instigated by his godfather\'s sworn enemy, Cheng Kun, who has been hiding under a new identity in Shaolin all this while. At the same time, he also encounters Zhao Min, a Mongol princess, who is also an enemy of his cult. Zhao uses a special drug to poison the cult\'s members and Zhang Wuji confronts her to ask for the antidote. Zhao Min makes Zhang promise to help her do three things in exchange for the antidote. At the same time, Yin Tianzheng and the cult\'s members, who misbelieved that Shaolin was behind the poisoning, go to Shaolin Monastery for revenge but they are surprised to see corpses everywhere instead. In fact, Song Qingshu had actually betrayed the Wudang Sect and defected to the Mongol government. He is plotting with Zhao Min and her men to kill Zhang Sanfeng, but Zhang Wuji returns in time and saves his grandteacher. Zhang Wuji promises not to use his newly-mastered skills and still manages to defeat the Xuanming Elders. The film ends on a cliffhanger, as Zhao Min leaves after telling Zhang Wuji to go to Dadu to find her if he wants to rescue the missing members of the six sects.'] ['The film starts out with two student fighting over the inheritance of their deceased master\'s sword called the "Green Frost Sword". Eventually, Han kills the other student and takes the sword. Han then bring s it back to the king. Later, General Zhong Ki and her daughter Zhong Jiao Long with her servant Geng Liu Niang, visits the king. The king later forces the general to have her daughter marry Prince Lu Tian Xia. Then at night, Geng, revealing to be an expert martial artist, goes to steal to "Green Frost Sword" and brings Jiao Long away to save her from marrying the prince. The prince then arrives in the way with his henchmen and a big fight occurs where Geng seriously wounds the prince. Geng and Jiao Long then go into hiding. Jiao Long then becomes Geng\'s disciple where she teaches her kung fu. The king then sees his son wounded and the "Green Frost Sword" gone. Han knows who did all this and the king sends him find the suspect. The next day Geng leaves a note to Jiao Long and leaves and Han finds her. Geng is then revealed to be the widow of the student Han killed in the beginning of the film. They then fight where Han overpowers Geng and heavily injures her and takes the sword back. Han assumed that she\'s dead. Then Jiao Long sets out to find her teacher and does find her. One day, Jiao Long goes out and meets a good bandit named Lo Yiu Hu. Jiao Long fights briefly with him before bringing him home where he hears who her teacher is. Lo turns out to be the disciple of Geng\'s kung fu elder sister. Then the three of them together revolt against the evil king and get the "Green Frost Sword" back. There they meet a rebellious nobleman Master Liu who joins them. There they engage in a big fight where Han eventually gets killed but Prince Lu Tian Xia manages to get away. In the end, the heroes decide to retreat and hopes to get the prince later.'] ["This is a period film set during the Ming Dynasty in the desert region of China. Tsao Siu-yan is a power-crazed eunuch who rules his sector of China as if he were the Emperor and not a mere official. He has built up an elite army of skilled archers and horsemen who receive intensive training and powerful weapons. This ruthless body is known as the Dong Chang . When elements of his administration plot against him and his despotic rule, Tsao comes down ruthlessly. One such plotter is defence minister Yang Yu-xuan, who is executed along with his family. Tsao does spare two of the younger children in order to lure Yang's ally, rebel general Chow Wai-on, into a trap. Escorted by a couple of rather poorly East Factory soldiers, the children are sent out into the desert. Rebels, led by Chow's lover, swordswoman Yau Mo-yan, arrive to free them, but are attacked by East Factory troops. Tsao later calls off the attack when he realises that Chow is not among the fighters. The rebels and the children then proceed to the Dragon Gate Pass through which they will cross the border. They reach the Dragon Gate Inn, which is a meeting place for brigands run by brigands. The innkeeper, the lively Jade, runs a sideline in which she seduces and murders her more plump guests, drops them down a chute to the kitchen and has them served as the meat in buns. Jade also keeps whatever money the customer has. The cutting up is done by her cook Dao, an expert at stripping meat to the bones. Mo-yan and her followers arrive at the inn. She is disguised as a man, but Jade is not fooled, claiming that only a woman would pass her without so much as a glance. That night she confronts Mo-yan and the pair engage in a lively acrobatic fight with both women trying to remain clothed, while stripping the other. Rebel leader Chow arrives and is re-united with Mo-yan. They plan to cross the border with the children but the bad weather delays their departure. Furthermore Jade takes a liking to Chow and resolves to get him for herself . Things are made even more complicated when East Factory officials led by Cha arrive at the inn posing as merchants. The scene is set for a vicious battle of bodies and wits between both sides, with Jade trying to keep the peace and getting every advantage, monetary or otherwise, that she can get out of it. Meanwhile, the bulk of the East Factory forces, led by eunuch Tsao himself, are on their way to the inn. Chow believes that, like most den of thieves, the inn has a secret passage through which his comrades can escape. Jade agrees to show them the passage if Chow will sleep with her. He agrees if they marry first. Jade, a practical girl, is rather surprised at having to marry for a one-night stand but proceeds anyway, with Cha acting as host for the wedding. The heart-broken Mo-yan drowns her sorrows in drink. The growing tension inside the inn breaks out into open battle when Cha and his men realise that the rebels want to use the secret passage to escape. The fight that follows results in the deaths of all the Dong Chang at the inn and most of the rebels and brigand hosts. Mo-yan herself is seriously injured. Tsao and his army arrives and lays siege to the inn. Inside there is only a handful of survivors: Jade the innkeeper, Dao the cook, Chow the rebel leader, Mo-yan his lover and the children. They escape through the passage, but a loose ribbon gives them away and Tsao himself sets off in pursuit. There then ensues a vicious one-on-three battle amidst a desert storm as Tsao fights Jade, Chow and Mo-yan. Weakened by her wounds, Mo-yan perishes in quicksand. Just as Tsao is about to finish off Jade and Chow, Dao suddenly appears and takes him on with his carving knife. He carves away at Tsao, leaving the warlord with a skeletal arm and leg. Chow then moves in for the kill and Tsao is finished. Chow and the children make their way to the border. Jade and Dao follow Chow after burning down the infamous inn."] ['The story is largely seen through the eyes of Ku, who is a well-meaning but unambitious scholar and painter, with a tendency towards being clumsy and ineffectual. A stranger arrives in town wanting his portrait painted by Ku, but his real objective is to bring a female fugitive back to the city for execution on behalf of the East Chamber guards. The fugitive, Yang, is befriended by Ku and together they plot against the corrupt Eunuch Wei who wants to eradicate all trace of her family after her father attempts to warn the Emperor of the eunuch\'s corruption. One of the unique aspects of the film is that Ku is a non-combatant all the way through the film and only becomes involved when he sleeps with Yang. Upon doing so, he is no longer the naïve bumbling innocent, but instead becomes confident and assertive, and when Yang\'s plight is revealed, he insists on being part of it – and even comes up with a fiendish "Ghost Trap" for the East Chamber guards. This is plan to use a supposedly haunted site to play tricks on the guards to make believe they are prey to the undead. In the aftermath, Ku walks through the carnage laughing at the ingenuity of his plan until the true cost of human life dawns on him. After the battle, Ku is unable to find Yang, whom he is told has left him and does not want him to follow her. He tracks her down to the monastery of the saintly and powerful Abbot Hui Yuan, where she has given birth to a child by Ku and become a nun. She tells Ku that their destiny together has ended and gives Ku their child. Later, when Ku and the child are tracked down by Hsu Hsien-Chen, the evil commander of Eunuch Wei\'s army, Yang and Abbot Hui come to Ku\'s rescue. In the ensuing battle, Hsu is killed and Yang and Abbot Hui are badly injured . The film famously ends with the injured Yang staggering towards a silhouetted figure, presumably Abbot Hui, seen meditating with the setting sun forming a halo around his head, an image suggesting the Buddha and enlightenment.'] ['The plot is based on the story of how "Jade Unicorn" Lu Junyi came to join the outlaw band at Liangshan Marsh and the outlaws\' battle with the Zeng Family Fortress. Liangshan\'s chief Chao Gai was ambushed and killed by Shi Wengong. His fellows vow to avenge him. The current de facto leaders of Liangshan, Song Jiang and Wu Yong, decide that given Shi Wengong\'s skill, Lu Junyi  will be the best person to assist them in taking revenge. The outlaws also note that if they succeed in recruiting Lu Junyi, they will also win over Lu\'s servant, Yan Qing, who is also a formidable martial artist. Wu Yong disguises himself as fortune teller and infiltrates the northern capital, where Lu Junyi stays, together with Li Kui, who is disguised as his idiotic assistant. They visit Lu Junyi and lie to him that a great calamity will befall him if he does not travel 1,000 miles to the southeast. Lu Junyi is skeptical of the advice and asks Yan Qing for his opinion. By then, Yan Qing has recognized Li Kui and provokes the hot-tempered Li into a fight. Li Kui is defeated and confined together with Wu Yong. Wu Yong uses reverse psychology on Lu Junyi and manages to persuade Lu to release them. Just then, Lu Junyi\'s steward Li Gu, who is in a secret affair with Lu\'s wife, reports the outlaws\' presence to the authorities so as to seize his master\'s fortune. When soldiers arrive to capture the outlaws, Lu Junyi orders Yan Qing to escort Wu Yong and Li Kui safely out while he confronts the soldiers and is arrested. Yan Qing attempts to free Lu Junyi from prison but Lu is captured again when Yan leaves him for a short while. Yan Qing travels to Liangshan to seek help and he attempts to rob two men for his travel expenses. The two men turn out to be actually outlaws from Liangshan, one of them being Shi Xiu. Shi Xiu goes to find Lu Junyi while his companion brings Yan Qing back to Liangshan. While in the city, Shi Xiu sees that Lu Junyi is about to be executed in the market square so he storms the area alone in an attempt to free Lu. Both Lu Junyi and Shi Xiu are eventually overwhelmed by soldiers and taken into captive. Meanwhile, Yan Qing meets the Liangshan outlaws and they plan to infiltrate the northern capital to save Lu Junyi and Shi Xiu. They take strategic positions around the execution ground and attack the soldiers when the prisoners are about to be beheaded. This time, the outlaws overpower the guards and swiftly take control of the area. Accompanied by the outlaws, Lu Junyi marches home and kills his disloyal steward Li Gu while his adulterous wife is slain by Yan Qing. As the outlaws leave the city, they run into Shi Wengong and his men, resulting in both sides clashing in an immense battle. Shi Wengong\'s forces are routed so he challenges the outlaws to engage him and his five students in man-on-man duels. The five students fight with Lin Chong, Li Kui, Hu Sanniang, Guan Sheng and Shi Xiu, while Lu Junyi faces Shi Wengong. By the time the five heroes had defeated Shi Wengong\'s students, Lu Junyi was still locked his duel with Shi. Yan Qing and Li Kui join in the fray and Shi Wengong is injured gravely but still remains alive. After declaring that Lu Junyi is now the new leader of Liangshan, Shi Wengong stops everyone from approaching and commits suicide. The outlaws, seeing that their quest for vengeance is now complete, ride back to their stronghold and the film ends.'] ["During the Ming Dynasty, the Sunflower Manual  was stolen from the palace and a Jinyi Wei team is sent to retrieve it. The Jinyi Wei attack Lin Zhennan and his son Lin Pingzhi, and the Lins separate to avoid their pursuers. Lin Zhennan meets Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan from the Mount Hua Sect, requesting them to inform his son about the manual's location. Just then, Zuo Lengchan appears and a fight ensues, but Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan manage to escape. They travel to meet Yue Buqun at a retirement ceremony and encounter Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang along the way. Linghu Chong strikes up a friendship with them and they perform their musical piece Xiaoao Jianghu . On the day of the ceremony, Zuo Lengchan shows up and attempts to force Liu Zhengfeng to hand over Linghu Chong, accusing Liu of conspiring with the Demonic Cult. Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang manage to fight their way out despite being surrounded by several enemies. At the same time, Linghu Chong is wounded by Zuo Lengchan and he escapes and hides near the river. He hears Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang playing their musical piece and finds them. Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang present Linghu Chong with their instruments and the music score."] ['Throughout the storyline within this movie film, 400 years within the past is where it is meant to be taking place. The story begins when a man by the name of Mo Kuei threatens the people to the extent that he will destroy all of Wulin, which had been the forest of residence for the warriors of Wulin. A certain sage by the name of Su Huan-jen had responded to this conflict by summoning three specific warriors from different schools of martial arts to assist him. These three warriors would then wait within ambush for Mo Kuei to gather his spiritual energy amongst the summit of the mountain. The story continues onward in which Lord Jian almost becomes sealed by certain protectors of Wulin. Many conflicts follow this in which Jian loses all of his powers and lusts to find the Sacred Stone to regain his powers.'] ['Chu Liuxiang and Zhongyuan Yidianhong pass by a shipwreck and meet Master Kumei. They also discover that a group of highly-skilled pugilists have been murdered at a gathering in Siming Mountain Manor. The only survivor is a man called Yuan Suifeng, who has become insane after being severely injured. They hear of Bat Island, a mysterious place where anyone can buy anything he desires, as long as he has money. Chu and his friends travel to the island to seek answers. However, they are not the only ones going there: Li Yuhan and his wife, Liu Wuming, are there in search of an extraordinary drug; Jin Lingzhi is there to find her father; a group of imperial guards are there to arrest the Bat Prince.'] ["The film covers the second half of the Louis Cha's novel The Book and the Sword. It introduces another protagonist, Princess Fragrance, who did not appear in the first film The Romance of Book and Sword."] ["Chu Liuxiang attempts to assassinate the Eight Prince but fails and is pursued by the prince's men. He has no choice but to seek refuge in the sinister Phantoms' Mountain Manor, which houses criminals and people who have committed wicked deeds. In fact, Chu and the prince had staged the assassination attempt to fool the evil residents of the manor, so that Chu can infiltrate the manor and eliminate them."] ["The young Chor Lau-heung learns martial arts from Tuk-ku Kau-pai and has attained a high level of skill. His teacher sends him to Shaolin Monastery to attend a contest that is held once every ten years. On the journey, Chor meets Wu Tit-fa and Chung-yuen Yat-dim-hung. When Chor arrives at Shaolin, he fights with a Shaolin student called Mo-fa but neither of them is able to defeat each other. They decide to have a match again on another day. One night, Chor meets Mo-fa and strike up a conversation with her. Both of them decide to enter the palace in search of adventure. They disturb the prince on his wedding night but are accidentally caught in a trap and only manage to escape with the help of Chor's friends. Meanwhile, Bat Prince breaks into Shaolin and kills Mo-fa's teacher, Tuk-ku Kau-pai and the Demonic Cult's leader. Bat Prince is actually the son of a Japanese ninja called Tin-fung Sap-say-long, and he wants to avenge his father. 17 years ago, his father came to challenge the three best fighters in China, but was defeated and committed suicide in shame. Bat Prince is not satisfied even after his victory and wants to dominate the Chinese martial arts world. Chor is injured by Bat Prince in a fight and loses his powers. Mo-fa brings him to the Holy Water Palace for treatment. Sui-mo Yam-kei heals Chor's wounds and teaches him new skills. Chor faces the Bat Prince in an epic battle."] ["The film is set in a mythical mountain range called Zu, which exists between Heaven and Earth. The mountains are populated by peace-keeping immortals. A demon called Insomnia desires to rule Zu and the world below; it begins wiping out the clans. In the Kunlun Mountains, Dawn sends away her disciple, King Sky. She believed their emotional attachment limits their abilities to progress. Dawn gives him her weapon, the Moon Orb, to help him train; he is to return only after attaining a higher level; if she cannot be found, the Moon Orb will find her. Moments after they parted, Insomnia attacks and disintegrates her. 200 years later, at Omei temple, Grandmaster White Brows senses darkness coming and dispatches his disciple, Red, to investigate. King Sky joins Red  and the Omei to defeat Insomnia. White Brows engages and weakens Insomnia with his weapon, the Sky Reflector; Insomnia retreats into the legendary Blood Cave; Omei's top warriors pursue Insomnia. At the cave, King Sky notices Enigma, who resembles Dawn. Focusing on the cave, White Brows warns that the cave is capable of sucking away the powers of those who venture near it. Both Red and King Sky risk their lives to battle Insomnia within the cave, but they narrowly escape after White Brows sacrifices the Sky Reflector to save them. With Insomnia absorbing the cave's energy, White Brows has Red guard the cave's entrance while the Omei reconnoiter. At Omei, White Brows tries to combine Enigma's Heaven Sword with Hollow's Thunder Sword to form a new weapon. Unfortunately, the fusion process rebounds; Hollow dies and Enigma is seriously injured, but King Sky rescues her. White Brows appears before King Sky and admits that Enigma is the reincarnation of Dawn . He then appoints King Sky as chief of Omei as he ventures into a new dimension to find a weapon to defeat Insomnia. Before leaving, he resurrects Hollow, hoping the reborn Hollow  will retain his abilities to wield the Thunder Sword in their most desperate hour. Without a wielder of the Thunder Sword, King Sky asks Enigma to help him attempt to wield the sword, but is unsuccessful and he was burned alive in the process. Enigma tries to save him, but fails and buries him. Meanwhile, Red is possessed by Amnesia  while guarding the Blood Cave. Red returns to Omei and decimates the clan and captures Enigma. Amnesia then destroys the rest of Omei, weakening the clan. To the survivors' frustration, Ying has yet to re-awaken his abilities. In a pitted fight against one of the Sword Saints, Thunder, Ying's abilities and memories return. Concurrently, through the power of resurrection, King Sky revives just in time to intercept White Brows's weapon. With his new Ming Fire Sword, both King Sky and Ying face Red at the Blood Cave. After Ying rescues Enigma, Ying and Enigma return to Omei to stop Insomnia's final assault. King Sky exorcises Red, but he sacrifices himself to finish off Amnesia. At Omei, Enigma and Ying successfully fuse their swords to form a new celestial weapon to defeat Insomnia. King Sky joins the duo and they weaken Insomnia. Enigma possesses Insomnia to prevent the demon from escaping, giving King Sky a chance to destroy it. Just as Insomnia is destroyed, Enigma remembers herself as Dawn and tells King Sky she is happy to find him again before disappearing. After the battle, Enigma is reincarnated as a new immortal and Mount Omei is restored. King Sky parts with the Omei to rebuild his clan."] ['In a twist departing from the standard superhero formula, White Dragon is a narcissist, forever worried about her good looks, even as she\'s fighting with Feather, a blind assassin nicknamed "Chicken Feathers" because of his propensity for using chicken feathers as his calling card. Chicken Feathers is first challenged by White Dragon, an elderly woman with proficient skills in martial arts to almost match his, but not quite enough. Thinking that she has been fatally wounded, White Dragon transfers her kung-fu knowledge into empty shell Black Phoenix, turning the young woman into the prettiest martial arts expert around. The downside to having these extraordinary powers, which she does not fully understand, is bad acne, which she manages to prevent only by doing "noble" deeds like robbing from the rich and giving to the poor. Phoenix is reluctant to take on her new role at first, but soon becomes interested in tracking down Chicken Feathers when she learns that her love interest, Second Prince Tian Yang, might become his next target. Using her flute-playing as bait, White Dragon finally faces Chicken Feathers in an attempt to defeat him before he can carry out the assassination. Chicken Feathers proves to be too good for the new White Dragon, however. When White Dragon tries to exploit his "weak points," she ends up injured and dependent on Feathers, who does nurse her back to health after their heated battle. While Chicken Feathers plays nurse, White Dragon seeks to find his true weak point to stop him once and for all. What she finds instead is that Chicken Feathers has fallen in love with her, and that he is growing on her as well. After a while her leg healed and Chicken Feathers found a letter for Second Prince Tian Yang and had it read by the town\'s doctor. This letter made Chicken Feathers thinking that Black Phoenix already has a boyfriend, namely the Second Prince Tian Yang. Chicken Feathers confronted Phoenix Black with this and they ended up struggling. Accidentally the girl stabbed her flute into the back of Chicken Feathers, which gave him a moment of sight. She ran away. The Third Prince, brother of the Second Prince, apparently hired Chicken Feathers to kill his brother, this was revealed at the very last scene.'] ["On the eve of the Chong Yang Festival, golden chrysanthemum flowers fill the Imperial Palace. The Emperor  returns from his various military campaigns with his second son and general, Prince Jai . The Emperor has returned to celebrate the holiday with his family. For three years, the Empress  and Crown Prince Wan ([[Liu Ye , her stepson, have had an illicit affair. Prince Wan secretly dreams of escaping the palace with his secret lover Jiang Chan ([[Li Man , the Imperial Doctor's daughter. Meanwhile, Prince Jai, the faithful son, grows curious and then worried over the Empress's health and her abnormal obsession with golden chrysanthemums. For ten days, the Emperor had ordered Jiang Yiru, the Imperial Doctor and his daughter, Jiang Chan, to secretly add tiny amounts of a poisonous Persian black fungus into the medicine that the Empress takes several times a day. The Empress summons Prince Jai, revealing to him her plot of rebellion. She asks for his participation but Jai hesitates, saying that it would be difficult for him to take up arms against his own father. After seeing his mother take a poisoned dose, he relents and agrees to participate. A woman-in-black is captured by Prince Wan and taken to the Emperor, and it is revealed that she was Jiang Shi , Jiang Yiru's wife, Jiang Chan's mother, and also the Emperor's previous lover. The Emperor promotes the doctor, sending him from the Palace to serve as governor of a remote area. Prince Wan runs after them to see Chan. From the information that Chan provides him with, he senses that the Empress is plotting something, so he hurries back to the palace and confronts her. The Empress, already losing her mind, bluntly claims that she just wants Wan to die and continue with her plan. Wan, in a panic, stabs himself and is put under care. The doctor's family are attacked by mysterious assassins-in-black who kill Jiang Yiru. Chan and her mother are forced back to the palace. When they return the Empress reveals that Jiang Shi was actually the mother of Prince Wan, meaning his secret lover, Chan, is in fact his half-sister. Realizing this, a shocked and crazed Chan flees the palace screaming in horror with her mother chasing behind. Both are killed by the assassins-in-black. Prince Yu abruptly kills Prince Wan and attempts to oblige the Emperor to abdicate the throne to him. He confesses that he also learned of the plot and his brother's affair with the Empress and acted in advance to gain the throne. The Emperor's assassins-in-black eliminate Prince Yu's tiny rebel force easily, and the Emperor beats Yu to death. Thousands of golden armored warriors led by Prince Jai and wearing the embroidered flowers of the Empress charge the palace. As they charge forward, the Emperor's personal assassins attempt to stop them. Although Prince Jai's men take various casualties, they manage to beat the assassins and move forward. As the golden-armored army marches into the imperial square, they are boxed in by a clever trap. It is clear that the Emperor had full knowledge of the plot and had quietly moved a large army into the palace. From their superior position they are able to cut down the rebels with a massive hail of arrows. The Prince continues to fight but eventually surrenders. The survivors of the golden army are gathered, bound and executed on the Emperor's orders. After the battle, the courtyard is swiftly cleaned up as if the evening's event had never transpired and the Festival begins at midnight as scheduled. The Emperor offers to spare Jai on the condition that he henceforth personally administer the medicine to the Empress. Prince Jai refused his father's order, apologized to his mother for his failure and then committed suicide, his blood spilling on the Empress's medicine. The Empress lets out a furious shriek and slaps the plate out of the servant's hands. The film then ends with an image of the poisonous medicine landing on an engraved wooden chrysanthemum and eating away at it."] ["In 1375, a small political envoy travels to Ming China to meet the emperor. Mistaken for spies, the envoy is arrested. Their prisoner transport is attacked by Mongol marauders, who kill the Chinese guards and allow the Koreans to live. All the Korean ambassadors have died, leaving the inexperienced general Choi-Jung to take charge. The soldiers arm themselves and quickly discover that the Mongols have kidnapped the Ming emperor's daughter. They ambush the Mongols and rescue the princess. Yeo-sol, the former slave of an ambassador, defeats the injured Mongol general Rambulwha in single combat, but allows him to live and escape. The Koreans flee with the princess, determined to return her safely to the Ming emperor to atone for their diplomatic failure. The Mongols pursue, hoping to recover the princess and marry her to their khan so that he may legitimize his claim over all China. Koreans head for a seaside fortress that the princess tells them about, where they expect to find safe haven. Along the way, the Koreans pick up a group of Chinese peasants who are also fleeing from the Mongols. Fighting their way through Mongol search parties, the group experiences many internal conflicts stemming from social class, love, and honor. The lower-class soldiers chafe under their poor treatment in comparison to the soldiers of the upper-class. They have little confidence in their young general, and prefer taking orders from their veteran sergeant, Dae-Jung. The princess has difficulty adjusting to the rough necessities of her position on the run. Choi-Jung and Yeo-sol become nemeses, competing for the affections of the princess and exchanging blows on several occasions. The group reaches the fortress, only to find it an abandoned ruin. As the group prepare to mount a last stand, the princess attempts to give herself up to the Mongols. Yeo-sol and Choi-Jung recover her but Yeo-sol is captured. Rambulwha offers a place in his army for Yeo-sol, but as the Mongols mount an offensive, Yeo-sol returns to the Koreans. In the final battle, the Koreans' gunpowder defenses backfire. Yeo-sol sacrifices his life to save the princess, while Choi-Jung dies fighting Rambulwha, who is also killed. All the Mongols perish, while all the Koreans are killed except Dae-Jung. The princess stays with the peasants at the fortress and promises to tell her father of the Koreans' sacrifice. Dae-Jung builds a boat and sails back to Korea."] ['Captain Zhao Wu Yi is the leader of the Brocade Guards, the governments secret police. The sergeant of the force is Zhao\'s elder son, Zhao Bu Fa. Zhao also has a younger son in the force, Zhao Bu Qun, whom he executes after he questioned him whether or not he would kill his father if he committed a crime, which he answered "No". The force works under a childish, womanizing Emperor who is irresponsible to his duties. The blood thirsty Eunuch Wang Zhen usually bribes the Emperor with woman and the Emperor gives his powers to the eunuch. Zhao Bu Fa has never been fond of the eunch. Eunuch Wang then orders The Brocade Guards to kill two righteous guards Yu Hua Long and Li Yi. Zhao refuses to kill them and resigned from the force. The furious eunuch then orders Zhao Wu Yi to kill his son and he sends his men to kill him also his trope is no match for Zhao so Zhao survives every time. Zhao then goes into hiding with his wife Xue Liang and son Ding Dong in his ancestral village where his whole clan are where his uncle Zhao Wu Ji is the leader. Things work out fine, until a message was sent to the village ordering the clan to Kill Zhao Bu Fa or they will be executed. The decide to kill Zhao, where later Zhao and his uncle engages in a duel where he kills his own uncle. Zhao\'s sister Wu Xiao Nan, who did not want to kill Zhao later gives Zhao a poisoned cup of tea and they later engage in a fight where Zhao kills Wu, and he and his family escape. They later meet up with Zhao\'s brother, who revealed that his execution was fake, it was just to show the Brocade Guards what will happen to them if they disobey an order. Bu Qun then treats his brother\'s poison and later he disguise as his brother and end up sacrificing himself for his brother and family to live a peaceful life. Xue Liang later repays his kindness by killing herself. The Jinyi troupe brings Bu Qun\'s head to show show Wu Yi, who is saddened and says that he actually does not want his son to die. Eunuch Wang later tries to completely take over the Emperor\'s throne. Later Zhao Bu Fa calls for a duel with Wang. They later engage in the duel in the mountains where in the process Zhao chops off Wang\'s left arm and later killing him by chopping him in half. After the duel, Zhao informs his father that he has killed Eunuch Wang.'] ["Yun Fei Yang is the viciously bullied orphan who takes on the unpleasant tasks at a formidable kung-fu school. Constantly mocked by the other students of the school, Yen counts as his only friend the daughter of the resident master. Any internal wrangling between the various members is put to one side when a swordsman from a rival clan reminds the master of the duel he must take part in once a decade. Unfortunately the defending clan chief is well aware that his rival is more powerful than himself. The expected defeat is further complicated when a wandering swordsman arrives on the scene and joins himself to the injured party, immediately adding to Yen's woes. The ensuing series of confrontations and intrigues soon reveals the individual motives that the numerous parties all have and the role they play in the fate of the martial world. After finally understanding his own past and upbringing, Yen is ready to take on the mantle of avenger for his school and win back the respect that his colleagues have lost. With fighting skills that had been taught to him by a shrouded figure, Yen steps out of the shadows and reveals himself to be anything but the harassed orphan that everyone enjoys picking on. However to have any kind of hope against his nearly superhuman foes, the young fighter must uncover the secrets of his clan's 'Silkworm Technique' and transform himself completely."] ['Turmoil grips Shanghai in the 1930s. Various gangs vie for power, the most feared of which is the Axe Gang, led by the infamous Brother Sum and aptly named after its weapon of choice. In the absence of law enforcement, people can live peacefully only in poor areas which do not appeal to gangs. An example is Pig Sty Alley, a tenement home to people of various trades, run by a lecherous landlord and his domineering wife. One day, two troublemakers, Sing and Bone, come to the alley impersonating members of the Axe Gang to gain respect. Their plan fails and Sing\'s antics attract the real gang to the scene. In the massive brawl that ensues, more than fifty gangsters are defeated by three tenants who are actually powerful martial arts masters: Coolie, Master of the Twelve Kicks; Tailor, master of the Iron Fist; and Donut, master of the Hexagon Staff. After the fight, Sing and Bone are apprehended by Brother Sum for publicly humiliating the Axe Gang. The two narrowly escape death when Sing quickly picks the locks on the chains with which they are bound and requests Sum to let him and Bone join the gang. Impressed with his skill at lock-picking, Sum tells them that if they kill just one person, he will allow them to join the gang. The next day, the duo return to Pig Sty attempting to murder the Landlady, but their efforts fail comically and they narrowly escape the furious Landlady. Sing is badly injured and hides in a traffic control pulpit, where his multiple injuries spontaneously heal. During this convalescence he unconsciously strikes the steel sides of the pulpit, leaving deep impressions of his hands. After he has fully recovered, he rejoins Bone, but is unable to explain his fast and mysterious healing. Sing and Bone lament their failure on the streets as the former describes his childhood: Sing spent his meager life savings to buy a Buddhist Palm manual from a beggar with the intention of "preserving world peace" and trained himself to be a martial artist. But when he tried to defend a mute girl from bullies trying to steal her lollipop, he was beaten up, humiliated and came to the conclusion that being a villain is better than being a hero. After telling his story, Sing then steals ice cream from a street vendor. Meanwhile, Sum hires the Harpists, a pair of skilled assassins who play a guzheng and materialize the sound waves using their Qi to create offensive and defensive objects, to assassinate the three martial artists at Pig Sty. They succeed, but are defeated by the Landlady and Landlord, who are actually powerful martial artists living in self-enforced retirement. They evacuate Pig Sty afterward and vow to deal with the Axe Gang. The following day, frustrated with lack of any progress, Sing mugs the female ice cream vendor from earlier, only to realize she is the mute girl from his childhood whom he had vainly tried to defend; she offers him the old lollipop that she tried to give him as a token of her gratitude in their childhood. Sing rebuffs her and knocks the lollipop away, shattering it against the wall and running off. After he and Bone separate, Sing is picked up by the Axe Gang. Sum orders him to break into a mental asylum to free the Beast, widely rumored to be the world\'s top killer. Sing frees the Beast and brings him to Sum\'s office. The "world\'s top killer" puzzles everyone there with his flippant attitude and sloppy appearance - but after stopping a bullet that he deliberately fired at himself in order to prove his skill, the gangsters bow in respect. The Beast leaves and confronts the Landlady and Landlord at the casino, who are waiting to kill Sum and his men. The two battle the Beast, destroying the casino in the process, until all three are stuck in a joint-lock. A reformed Sing rushes in and, ignoring Sum\'s orders to kill the Landlady and Landlord, hits the Beast\'s head with a table leg. Enraged, the Beast frees himself from the lock and pummels Sing. Before he can deliver a fatal blow, the Landlady and Landlord snatch the unconscious Sing and run off. Sum angrily blames The Beast for letting them escape and The Beast casually kills Sum in response. At Pig Sty Alley, Sing, while wrapped head-to-toe in bandages and treated with Chinese medicine, undergoes a metamorphosis. As he is severely beaten up by the Beast, his chi-energy activates more and flow through his body. He quickly recovers from his wounds because of chi flow, and his latent potential as a "natural-born martial arts genius" is realized due to the beating the Beast gave him. He easily defeats the Axe Gang before battling the Beast. The Beast uses his Toad Technique to send Sing rocketing into the sky. Again due to a heavy smash from the Beast, Sing\'s chi energy increases on sky and becomes incredibly powerful. As he falls back to earth, Sing recalls the Buddhist Palm, and delivers a blow that knocks the Beast flat and leaves a huge, hand-shaped crater in the ground. After another futile attempt to defeat Sing, the Beast bows, acknowledging Sing as the better fighter. Some time later, Sing and Bone open a candy store. When the mute ice cream vendor walks by, Sing goes out to meet her. A young boy walking outside after buying candy bumps into the beggar who gave Sing the Buddhist Palm book and tries to sell him one. The boy at first starts to walk away, but the beggar offers him something else, showing him several different pamphlets for martial arts. The child stares, intrigued.'] ['Holy Weapon presents the story of seven women who are recruited to challenge the threat posed by a Japanese swordsman of supernatural power and ability. Swordfighting, sorcery, mistaken identities and gender bending abound in this 1993 wire fu film.'] ["In ancient China during the Warring States Period, a nameless prefect of a small jurisdiction arrives at the Qin state's capital city to meet the king of Qin, who has survived an attempt on his life by the assassins Long Sky, Flying Snow, and Broken Sword. Therefore, no visitors are to approach him within 100 paces. 'Nameless' claims that he had slain the three assassins and he displays their weapons before the king, who allows Nameless to sit closer to him and tell him his story. Nameless recounts killing Long Sky at a weiqi parlor; later to meet Flying Snow and Broken Sword at a calligraphy school in the Zhao state, where he set them against each other until Snow killed Sword and was herself slain by Nameless. As the tale concludes, the king expresses disbelief and accuses Nameless of staging the duels with the assassins, who surrendered their lives to allow him to gain the king's trust and take the king's life. Nameless admits that he is a native of the Zhao state and that his family was killed by Qin soldiers, and confesses that he defeated Sky without killing him and had proposed co-operation to Snow and Sword. After Snow's apparent death, Sword approached Nameless and told him that the only way to achieve peace was to unite the states under a common dynasty; namely that of Qin, which alone has the ability to do so, thus revealing why Sword gave up his earlier assassination attempt. The king, affected by the tale and by Sword's understanding of his dream to unify China, ceases to fear Nameless. He then tosses his sword to Nameless and examines a scroll drawn by Sword, and understands that it explains the ideal warrior, who, paradoxically, should have no desire to kill. When Nameless realizes the wisdom of these words, he abandons his mission and spares the king. Meanwhile, when Snow learns that Sword had convinced Nameless to forgo the assassination, she furiously challenges Sword to a fight and unintentionally kills him when he chooses not to defend himself so that she would understand his hopes for universal peace. Overwhelmed by guilt, Snow then commits suicide. At the Qin palace, the king reluctantly orders Nameless killed, being urged thereto by his court. As the film ends, Nameless receives a hero's funeral and a closing text identifies the king as Qin Shi Huang."] ['The film concerns Wang\'s one-armed martial arts master being stalked by an imperial assassin, the master of two fighters  who were killed in the previous film. When the One-Armed Boxer is invited to attend a martial arts tournament, his efforts to lie low are unsuccessful, and the assassin soon tracks him down with the help of his three subordinates competing in the tournament: a Thai boxer, a yoga master, and a kobojutsu user. The title refers to the assassin\'s weapon, the "flying guillotine", which resembles a hat with a bladed rim attached to a long chain. Upon enveloping one\'s head, the blades cleanly decapitate the victim with a quick pull of the chain.'] ["Li Xunhuan comes back to his home after three years of wandering. He is decided to have a normal life, but a group of skilled martial arts fighters and leaders are bent on killing him, so they can be ranked top by Bai Xiaosheng in his renowned list of the best warriors in the martial arts world. Li Xunhuan battles them as he searches for his estranged friend A'fei, who is now married and living in seclusion. Li asks A'fei to join forces and fight against a new threat that wants to rule the world: the Money Clan."] ["The evil Lord Conqueror, head of Conqueror's Clan, is given a prophecy by Mud Buddha. It is said that if Conqueror finds two young children by the name of Wind and Cloud he will have good fortune. Mud Buddha tells Conqueror to look for him 10 years later so that he can tell the rest of Conqueror's fortune. Conqueror issues an order that every boy with a birth chart matching Wind's or Cloud's must become a disciple of the Conqueror's Clan. Both Wind and Cloud are found, and Lord Conqueror's servants murder their respective parents. Ten years pass, and Wind and Cloud are now both fully grown and highly skilled martial artists. Lord Conqueror raised them as his own children. He is angered by the disappearance of Mud Buddha and sends his men to find him. After Mud Buddha is found, he reveals that Wind and Cloud will either join or destroy Conqueror. Seeing that Wind and Cloud can lead to misfortune, Conqueror uses his daughter, Charity, to cause Wind and Cloud to fight each other. There was a love triangle involving Wind, Cloud, and Charity. Conqueror arranges a marriage with Wind and Charity. Cloud finds out and is unhappy about it. On the day of the wedding, he takes her away and Conqueror tells Wind to fight for his wife. Wind and Cloud engage in a battle and Lord Conqueror tries to kill Cloud in their duel, but killed his own daughter. This was because she tried to protect Cloud. Cloud and Wind's relationship with Lord Conqueror sours, after Cloud loses an arm to Conqueror in combat and Wind is poisoned by Conqueror's minions. Wind finds out the truth about who killed his parents and fights a fire beast which killed his father. Fortunately, Cloud is found by helpful villagers, one of whom donates his arm to replace Cloud's loss. Wind and Cloud then work together to destroy Lord Conqueror. Together, they defeat the evil warlord, finally exacting their revenge and fulfilling Mud Buddha's prophecy."] ["Xiao Tianzun committed rape to a girl and is caught. Although he was forgiven, the girl's father, Master Liu Peng, punishes him by leaving a mark on his body. Years later, Xiao seeks revenge and managed to kill Liu, his two daughters and all of his disciples. When the last surviving disciple, Luo Han, hears of this, he tries to seek revenge. Luo has to find the Hulong Blade to battle Xiao's Evil Poisonous Sword, Luo travels to another town to find it. Along the way, he saves a young lady named Peony and later starts a rivalry with Master Geng Xian. Since Luo never met Xiao, Xiao was able to trick Luo by posing as an ally later trying to steal his Hulong Blade once he find it."] ["Lian Nichang felt betrayed by her lover, Zhuo Yihang, and has since morphed into a vicious White-haired Witch. She builds a feminist cult that accepts women who were exploited by men. Its members include Chen Yuanyuan, who was betrayed by Wu Sangui. Meanwhile, Zhuo Yihang awaits on a snow-capped mountain for a rare flower to bloom, as he believes that it can turn Lian Nichang's hair black again. Lian Nichang vows to kill the surviving members of the eight major martial arts sects, who view her as their sworn enemy after she killed their seniors. Feng Junjie, heir to the Wudang Sect's leadership position, marries Yu Qin with the elders of the other sects as the matchmakers. On the wedding night, Lian Nichang appears and kidnaps Yu Qin, leaving behind a trail of destruction and corpses. Feng Junjie survives the massacre and plans with the survivors to infiltrate the Witch's base and rescue his wife. Meanwhile, Lian Nichang brainwashes Yu Qin through a series of rituals and makes her see her husband and the eight sects as foes. Feng Junjie and his companions confront the Witch and her followers in a battle but are defeated and only Feng and his friend are left of the group. They travel to the mountain in search of Zhuo Yihang, who is the only person that can prevent the Witch from continuing with her brutal massacres. After enduring hardship, they did not find Zhuo Yihang and decide to return to the Witch's base in a final attempt to save Yu Qin. Feng Junjie is no match for Lian Nichang and is almost killed by her when Zhuo Yihang suddenly appears and stops her. Lian Nichang uses her hair to pierce through Zhuo Yihang's body, critically wounding him, but she refrains from killing him as her hatred towards him gradually subsides. Just then, Chen Yuanyuan stabs Lian Nichang for betraying the cult's founding principles, causing Lian to pull her hair out from Zhuo Yihang's body, but Lian kills Chen as well. The film ends with the deaths of Zhuo Yihang and Lian Nichang, who finally forget their past feud and are laid to rest together as lovers. On the other hand, Feng Junjie is reunited with his wife, who has recovered from her trance."] ["Due to his own extreme ideals, famed swordsman Li has lost everyone dear to him. After his life is saved by a rival swordsman, Li's overwhelming pride means he forsakes the woman he loves and lets her marry his saviour. Now resigned to traveling the country with his loyal aide, Li's only comfort is alcohol and the simple life he has now accepted. On one such journey, the lonely swordsman befriends the exceptionally skilled, yet secretive Fei who has his own pressures to contend with. Li then finds himself embroiled in a battle to own the highly-prized 'gold armour shirt' - a protective vest that can withstand any blow. As he discovers that many of the people he meets have a hidden agenda, Li realizes that Fei is the only man he can truly trust. This new friendship is put under test when the 'sentimental swordsman' is hunted down by numerous hired killers and framed for a series of crimes he didn't commit. The person behind Li's troubles proves to be elusive, though all the clues seem to point to the legendary 'Plum Blossom Bandit', a disguised figure whose identity has long proved elusive to the martial world."] ["The swordsman Zhang Zhen is injured in a misadventure and rescued by Eldest Sister of Changchun Sect, who has a crush on him. However, Zhang falls in love with the maid Yuenu instead, and conceives twins with her. The couple are killed by a group of evil pugilists later. The Eldest Sister is angry with Zhang Zhen for not accepting her and plans to make Zhang's children kill each other as revenge. The baby girl  is saved by Zhang's friend, Lian Lanyan, while the male infant  is taken away by the Eldest Sister. Lian Lanyan encounters the Ten Villains when he passes through Villains' Valley. He is overwhelmed by them and knocked out in a fight. The baby Xiaolu'er is taken away by the Villains, who surprisingly do not harm her, and instead intend to groom her to become the greatest villain ever. Eighteen years later, the twins meet each other by coincidence."] ['It is the end of the Tang Dynasty and China is divided. The Crown Prince, Wu Luan, is deeply in love with the noblewoman Little Wan. However, his father, the Emperor, decides to marry Little Wan and Wu Luan, deeply hurt, flees to a remote theatre to study the arts of music and dance. Shortly after Wu Luan\'s departure, the Emperor is murdered by his brother, Li. The film begins as Empress Wan sends messengers to the theatre, informing Wu Luan that the Emperor has died, and that his uncle will succeed the throne. Unknown to Wan, the usurping Emperor Li has already dispatched riders to assassinate Wu Luan. However, Wu Luan survives the attack and returns to court where he is met by Empress Wan and her lady-in-waiting Qing Nu, the daughter of Minister Yin, who is officially still engaged to Wu Luan. The tension in the Imperial Court is high, and when a palace official, Governor Pei Hong, greets Empress Wan as \'Empress Dowager\', he and his family are sentenced to a violent death. With his death, Minister Yin\'s son, General Yin Sun, is sent to fill the position in a distant province, greatly weakening Yin Taichang\'s position in the court. Wu Luan is asked by the Emperor to perform a brief swordplay ceremony, to practise for the Empress\' upcoming coronation. While sparring with harmless swords, the Imperial Guard suddenly produce sharpened swords and attempt to kill Wu Luan. The ceremony is stopped by the Empress, who implies that the Emperor was trying to murder Wu Luan in the ceremony and make it look like an accident. Later in his chambers, a scroll drops mysteriously from the upper balcony to Wu Luan, depicting his father being murdered by his uncle by blowing poison into his ear. Wu Luan enquires at an apothecary, who reveals that the poison used is made from Arsenic trioxide and black scorpions, and nothing on earth is more deadly except for "the human heart". Meanwhile, the Empress Wan is to have a new coronation ceremony. As a special treat, Wu Luan is required to perform a swordplay ceremony. Instead, as an accomplished singer and dancer, Wu Luan stages a masked mime play that exposes his uncle as his father\'s murderer. The Emperor is notably shaken, but manages to conjure a plan to remove Wu Luan. Rather than kill the prince and risk alienating Empress Wan, he decides Wu Luan would be traded as a hostage for the prince of a neighbouring kingdom, the Khitans, although it is known that the neighbour prince is an imposter. An ambush by the emperor\'s men is set up the snowy border with the Khitans\' kingdom in the north, but the Yin Taichang\'s son Yin Sun, following the Empress\'s command, saves the prince. Believing that his son in law is dead, and power is firmly in his grip, the Emperor calls for a grand banquet. The Empress comments that it would be bad luck to organise such an auspicious occasion on their 100th day of knowing each other, but the Emperor claims he does not surrender to superstitions. The Empress then decides to poison the Emperor, using the same poison that was used to kill the previous Emperor. All goes according to plan until Qing Nu takes to the stage, claiming to have planned another performance for the occasion, and in tribute to her fiancé, she wears her theatre mask. The scheme to poison the emperor fails as the cup he was to drink out of is instead given to Qing Nu out of respect and partly of pity for her. Upon the climax of the dance, Qing Nu falls down dead on stage, and Wu Luan reveals himself to comfort her in her dying moments. The Emperor realises in horror that the Empress had plotted his death. After a confrontation with Wu Luan, the Emperor commits suicide by drinking the rest of the poisoned wine intended for him. Upon Emperor Li\'s death, the Empress proclaims Wu Luan the new Emperor. However, Yin Sun, enraged by his sister\'s death, attempts to kill the Empress to avenge his sister. His blade is stopped by the hand of Wu Luan, and he proclaims in fear that the knife is poisoned. The Empress stabs him through the neck, killing him instantly, but Wu Luan has fatally poisoned himself in the process. Empress Wan is proclaimed Empress Regnant by the Lord Chamberlain. In the closing scenes, Empress Wan grasps bright red cloth and speaks of the "flames of desire" that she has satiated by taking the throne. Through her private celebrations, she is suddenly pierced by a flying blade from an unknown source. As she is dying, she turns around to face her assailant. Her confusion shifts to horror and anguish, as the blade is then dropped into a mossy koi bed, and the blood soaks the water. The film abruptly finishes, with the audience unsure who the mysterious assailant was.  The ambiguity of the ending can produce many interpretations of who the assailant may be. Asian film critic, Bey Logan, makes a claim that the film makers initially planned for the maid, Ling, to be the mysterious assailant, and the current version of the film still shows more shots of Ling than would be normally expected of such a minor non-speaking character{{Citation needed}}. When paired with the film\'s sung theme, the ending most likely references Louis Cha\'s wuxia novella Sword of the Yue Maiden. In Sword of the Yue Maiden, the tale concludes with the beautiful female clutching her waist in pain with an expression "so beautiful that it will take away the soul of any man who looks upon her", similar to Empress Wan\'s final expression.'] ["Chu Liuxiang is having drinks with his friend, Monk Wuhua. Gong Nanyan of the Holy Water Palace suddenly appears and accuses Chu of having stolen the palace's Heaven's One Holy Water and committed a series of murders. She agrees to give Chu a month's time to clear his name, or else the mistress of the palace will kill him. Chu's curiosity and eagerness to prove his innocence spur him to investigate the case."] ["The Hon [Dagger] Brothers, Chung and Lam, who are in fact uncle and cousin, are rival bounty hunters to the Fung [Bewitchment] Sisters, and take glee in thwarting each other because Chung refused to marry Lady Fung. Fung Ling and Lam are also in love, but do not acknowledge it. Emperor Tsao hires the Hons to capture the Nine-Tails Fox, whom he claims has made a major robbery of his household, including the rape and murder of his daughter and the murder of 41 servants. The Hons are distracted when they find the Fungs captured by Never Die and his brothers, who in spite of decapitation and loss of a hand, proceed to chase them  chase the Hons to the lair of Nine-Tails Fox, who has recently caused his wife, the apsara known as Flying Cat to walk out on him. The group discovers that Never Die is allergic to glib talk, and begin speaking to each other glibly, Chung, too embarrassed to speak to Lady Fung in that way, speaking to Nine-Tails Fox, and the two pulling off each other shirts, and trap him. Never Die soon dissolves, and the four bounty hunters and Never Die's hand take him away. Flying Cat returns to find drawn images of what has gone on previously, including what she interprets as her husband's homosexual behavior, and chastises the old man who sends the drawings out through a slot for not intervening, which he says is not his place. Nine-Tails Fox, who proudly admits to being a thief but insists he never hurts anyone, escapes from the bounty hunters to the inn of Pang Tin-hong, where he becomes involved with numerous courtesans. The bounty hunters follow him, but not before Flying Cat catches up with him. Still other bounty hunters, including the burly Western Ace, a gay man who sings 1980s American pop tunes, and a transsexual who delivers poisoned kisses, arrive at the inn. Because the Hons and Fungs pay well and are supported by the police, Pang sides with them against the new bounty hunters, claiming that he and his wife are Leslie Cheung and Anita Mui. The transsexual kisses Chung, causing him to turn green and infect him with poison. After the other bounty hunters are defeated, Pang sends Lam and Ling outside, insisting that they are under eighteen, although both claim to be eighteen, in order to explain that the cure for the poison is to have sex nine times, then eat the strange fetus that will be born three days later. Chung tries to take Lady Fung to bed, but inadvertently passes the disease to Pang, whose wife and he fight a lot and never want it at the same time. While Ling and Lam are outside, Never Die's hand grabs Ling's shoulder, and she thinks it is Lam's and rests her head on his shoulder. Thus distracted, Tsao captures the two of them, and the thieves and the bounty hunters team up against their common enemy and rescue the young ones. At the end of the film, Pang's wife gives birth to the strange fetus, and the Hons, Fungs, Fox, and Cat seemingly forgetting about the idea that it is to be eaten and ready and excited to receive it as if a normal birth, are horrified to see that the baby is in fact Never Die."] ['A general’s son is taken hostage and used as leverage to free a bandit leader. The general’s other offspring, a girl named Golden Swallow, is sent to rescue the son. When the bandit gang encounter the Golden Swallow in a local inn, the prisoner negotiation escalates to bloodshed and the goons are swiftly defeated. A local drunk beggar named Fan Da-Pei acts as Golden Swallow’s guardian angel, secretly helping her avoid being ambushed at night. That morning Fan Da-Pei, whom we now know only as “Drunken Cat” tips off Golden Swallow to the bandits whereabouts. They have occupied a Buddhist monastery. Under the guise of an acolyte, Golden Swallow penetrates the temple and confronts the man who’s taken her brother hostage. During the brawl she is injured by a deadly, poisoned dart. She escapes and is rescued in the woods by Fan who nurses her back to health. While she’s convalescing, Golden Swallow learns that Fan is actually a martial arts master and a leader of a Kung Fu society, which he otherwise keeps a secret. The monastery is led by an evil abbot, Liao Kung, who is also a kung fu master and has allied himself with the bandits. He finds out that the beggar carries a bamboo staff, and then realises that the beggar is the former student of the same master. The abbot has in fact killed their master in order to get his bamboo staff, which was rescued by Fan Da-Pei. Now Liao Kung sees the opportunity to gain control of the staff. Fan Da-Pei is hesitant to confront Liao Kung for two reasons. First, Liao Kung’s kung fu skills are unparalleled, and he thinks he has no chances against him, or at the very least, one of them would not survive a confrontation. Second, despite his evil ways, Liao Kung has actually done a good deed to Fan Da-Pei: he persuaded the master to accept Fan Da-Pei into the Green Wand Kung-Fu school when he was a mere homeless orphan, thus giving him a chance in life. For this reason, Fan is reluctant to fight the abbot even though Fan knows about the abbot’s criminal deeds. In order to release the General’s son, Fan stages a prisoner exchange. During the exchange, the government soldiers receive the General’s son, but Fan prevents the bandits from releasing their leader. As the government soldiers march the bandit leader back to prison, the bandits attack the procession. Golden Swallow, leading her female warriors, fights off the bandits. The evil abbot forces a showdown with Fan Da-Pei.'] ['Master Kung and Lo Pa are two police officers of White Horse City, who have high skills but are underused. A robbery happened at the city\'s richest man Ho Pak Man\'s home where his whole family was killed and their family treasure the "White Jade Goddess of Mercy" was stolen and the "Police God" Tit Mo Ching investigates the case. Kung and Lo Pa cannot participate because of their low status. Coincidentally, Master Kung and Lo Pa arrest a pair of twin sisters, Water Dragon Girl and Fire Dragon Girl, who always pretend to catch wanted criminals to get monetary rewards. The twin sisters know that the "White Jade Goddess of Mercy" would be brought to the "Treasure Inn" for an auction. Wanting to hit big, Master Kung and Lo Pa go to the "Treasure Inn" with the twin sisters to investigate the truth. During that time, Master Kung and Water Dragon Girl become lovers from a kiss.'] ["Golden Swallow revolves around the further adventures of its title character. This time around, she is forced into violence when a figure from her mysterious past goes on a killing rampage while leaving evidence that holds her responsible. Golden Swallow also makes room for a love triangle involving a mad, but righteous, swordsman named Silver Roc and a gentle warrior named Golden Whip. The three team up to conquer the evil forces of the martial world, but their joint venture only lasts so long, due to the two men's egos. Ultimately, a duel to the death is planned between them, leaving Golden Swallow caught between two men, both of whom she admires."] ['The wandering swordsman Yu Hsieh Erh travels around seeking adventure and meets a group of bandits who are planning to rob a convoy escorting some valuables. Initially, he is tricked by them into participating in the robbery but then realises his folly and he returns to take his revenge on them.'] ['The film is a spinoff of the original story and the two protagonists Wind and Cloud. The residents of Sword-Worshipping Manor, which houses the best sword-smiths in the world, are brutally massacred after they are alleged to be plotting a rebellion against the government. The young master of the manor, Ngou Kuet, is the only survivor. Ngou Kuet vows to finish forging the "Kuet" Sword, a task passed down by generations of his family which has yet to be completed. Ngou Kuet attacks Tin Ha Wui and battles with Wind and Cloud to obtain the blood of the Fire Kirin which can unleash the power of the sword. As the blood of the Fire Kirin runs in Wind\'s veins, he becomes Ngou Kuet\'s primary target.'] ['Linghu Chong, Yue Lingshan and members of the Mount Hua Sect are planning to retire from the jianghu . They learn that Dongfang Bubai has seized control of the Sun Moon Holy Cult and is secretly plotting with some wokou  to rebel against the imperial court and dominate China. Dongfang Bubai had castrated himself in order to master the skills in the Sunflower Manual, and his appearance has become more feminine, even though he is now a formidable pugilist. Linghu Chong meets Dongfang Bubai by chance , mistakes him for a beautiful young woman, and falls in love with "her". Linghu Chong is distracted by Dongfang Bubai\'s lover, Shishi, and Dongfang uses the opportunity to kill Linghu\'s fellows. Linghu Chong is knocked out and imprisoned in an underground dungeon later, where he meets Ren Woxing by coincidence and both of them escape from the prison together. Linghu Chong brings Yue Lingshan, Ren Yingying, Ren Woxing and Xiang Wentian with him to confront Dongfang Bubai later and Dongfang dies after falling off a cliff. Ren Woxing regains control of his sect and starts killing the traitors who defected to Dongfang Bubai. Before the film ends, Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan leave secretly with Ren Yingying\'s help as they know Ren Woxing cannot tolerate them.'] ['Last Hurrah for Chivalry is a story about two killers for hire. The two assassins are master swordsmen with no allegiance. They decide to help out a local merchant to seek out revenge against a kungfu master. The plot contains multiple twists of deception, and leaving characters wondering who to really trust. The story ultimately ends with a revelation as to who truly has honor. Most of the swordplay is very fast-paced.'] ["The film is set in the Warring States Period of 370 BC China. The Zhao state invades the city-state of Liang. Ge Li, a Mohist, comes to Liang to help defend the city, without permission from the Mohist leaders. The king of Liang had planned for peace talks with the invaders but Ge Li looses an arrow, modified so as to double its range, promising the invaders a battle. Rallying the city, he warns the people of Liang of the dangers of surrendering to the invading Zhao army and promised the king that the invaders would give up on Liang if they failed to take the city within a month, because their main target is the Kingdom of Yan. The king of Liang is worried about Ge Li inciting war amongst his people, but eventually decides to allow Ge to temporarily aid in defending Liang. Ge Li creates a bulwark and various traps to halt the Zhao army's advance. Ge Li's insistence that Zituan leads the archers angers the prince initially, as the prince sees Zituan's archery skill as inferior. Although Zituan proves his ability later, Ge Li's style of working continues to irritate the prince and generals. During the first Zhao attack, the tactics employed by Ge Li worked perfectly, causing the death of an enemy general and forcing the Zhao attackers to retreat, despite a skirmish inside the city by Zhao infiltrators. After Ge successfully defends Liang from the enemy, superior in numbers, he becomes a highly-revered hero by the local populace. During the night, Ge Li and Yiyue scout the Zhao army and discover that they are planning to dig a tunnel in order to bypass the defense. Rather than blocking the tunnel exits, Ge Li baits a number of Zhao forces to exit before springing the ambush and sealing the tunnel. Although general Niu promised to spare their lives if they would drop their arms, he goes back on his word and massacres the unarmed Zhao soldiers, much to the disgust of the prince. The king of Liang feels threatened when he sees Ge Li's growing popularity, so he plots to have Ge stripped off his military power and executed on false charges. Ge has just returned from a scouting mission when he is accused of starting a war under false pretenses at the gates of Liang. The prince pretends to fight with Ge Li and secretly asks Ge to take him hostage in order to buy time for Ge to escape. Ironically, the improved arrows that Ge used to defend Liang were used against him. Ge manages to leave unharmed, but the prince is tragically killed by the arrows. Although heartbroken, the king would execute general Niu 100 days later for killing his only son as he badly needed him for Liang's defenses. Meanwhile, Ge Li's supporters are falsely accused of plotting a rebellion against the king of Liang and they are tortured and executed. The king of Liang foolishly believes that the Zhao army has left but he is caught off guard by the Zhao forces in a surprise attack. Ge Li returns with a surviving group of Liang soldiers to save the city. The Zhao general engages Ge Li in a duel inside a tower as revenge for his previous defeats at Ge's hands. Alone in the tower, the Zhao general urges Ge Li to give up his life but Ge already has a plan underway. His men ambushes the Zhao soldiers and have them surrounded. Sensing that his third defeat is imminent, the Zhao general loses confidence. Ge Li urges the Zhao general to lead his men out of Liang but the latter refuses, stating that only the victorious can leave the tower alive. After the Zhao forces had retreated, the king of Liang sees the Zhao general alone in the tower and orders the execution, much to the joy of him and his people. After the conflict, Ge leaves with some orphans from Liang to promote peace among the various warring states. The king of Liang is killed five years later and eventually the Qin state will conquer all the other states and unite China under the Qin Dynasty."] ["During the late Ming Dynasty, the imperial court is plagued by corruption as eunuchs usurp state power and the reigning emperor is incompetent. The Jinyi Wei  are the government's secret police, trained in clandestine combat since childhood, they are in charge of conducting missions to ensure peace and stability within the empire. They have the authority to prosecute anyone deemed as an enemy of the state and they devote their lives and lethal prowess to serving the emperor only. When the organization was first founded, the Jinyi Wei took orders directly from the emperor, but now they are under the control of the eunuchs. The eunuch chief Jia Jingzhong is plotting with an exiled noble, Prince Qing, to rebel against the emperor and seize power. Jia Jingzhong orders Qinglong, the Jinyi Wei leader, to kill the Imperial Councilor Zhao Shenyan and take Zhao's safebox, which supposedly contains a list of names of traitors. However, Qinglong discovers later that he had been used, as the safebox contains the Imperial Seal, a symbol of the emperor's authority, and Jia Jingzhong wants to use it to legitimize Prince Qing's actions when the rebellion begins. Qinglong is betrayed by his fellow Jinyi Wei and becomes a fugitive when Jia Jingzhong denounces him as a traitor and issues an order for his arrest. Qinglong escapes and joins the Justice Escort Agency, where he strikes up a romantic relationship with Qiao Hua, the daughter of the agency's leader. Qinglong is determined to fulfill his loyalty to the emperor and continues to search for evidence of Prince Qing's plot while undermining Prince Qing's plans concurrently. He is joined by the Heaven Eagles Gang, a group of bandits led by the Judge of the Sands. Standing in Qinglong's way are Jia Jingzhong's lackeys and his former Jinyi Wei fellows, as well as Prince Qing's adoptive daughter Tuotuo, a highly-skilled female warrior."] ["Tsao, the emperor's first eunuch, has successfully bested General Yu, his political opponent. The general was beheaded but his remaining children have been exiled out of China. As the children are being escorted to the western border of the Chinese empire, Tsao plots to have the children killed. Tsao's secret police lie in ambush at the desolate Dragon Gate Inn. Martial arts expert Hsiao shows up at the inn, wanting to meet the innkeeper. Unknown to the secret police is that the innkeeper, Wu Ning, was one of the general's lieutenants and has summoned Hsiao to help the children. A brother-sister martial-artist team  also show up to help. These four race to find Yu's children and lead them to safety."] ['Every ten years, the greatest swordsman from Japan faces the greatest swordsman from China in a duel to the death for their nation\'s honor. As a duel approaches, Chinese champion Ching Wan  and Japanese champion Hashimoto  uncover a plot to rig the fight. Ching Wan, known as "Lord of the Sword", is a peaceful and contemplative martial artist who has trained with Shaolin monks as well as a mischievous hermit. By contrast, Hashimoto is a pitiless and honorable samurai who kills his sensei as his final lesson before leaving for the duel. Meanwhile, ninjas led by a Japanese official collude with the Chinese wardens of the duel to kidnap famous fighters and sabotage the duel for Hashimoto. The honorable samurai, however, does not go along with the plan. Together, Ching Wan and Hashimoto fight the various conspirators and manage to free the captives. Afterwards, Ching Wan sees no point in going forward with the duel, but Hashimoto kills a Shaolin monk to force Ching Wan\'s hand. The two warriors engage in a gravity-defying swordfight around a rocky coastline. Both swordsmen become mortally wounded before they separate and quietly stare out into the ocean.'] ['Knight Yin comes to visit his fiancee Tik but finds her house has been completely deserted. Suspecting it was the work of the henchmen of Ong, a bandit chief in the area of the Green Dragon Association he kills his henchman One-legged Wolf in the ensuing fight although Ma escapes. Yin contacts a friend from the town, Suen and arranges a valuable consignment to lure Ong\'s men in as bait and to eventually lead him to the kidnapped Tik. During the collection by Ong\'s henchmen, Yin is able to recover his fiance but not without cost. Back at his lair, Ong discovers that the "valuable" consignment is a fake and he has been double-crossed, particularly as his hostage has escaped during the process. Seriously angry, he dispatches his henchmen leading to a final violent showdown with Yin and his friends.'] ['In the mid-17th century, the Manchus take over sovereignty of China and establish the Qing Dynasty. While nationalistic sentiments start brewing within the martial artists\' community , the Qing government immediately imposes a ban forbidding the common people from practising martial arts. Fire-Wind sees the new law as an opportunity for himself to make a fortune and offers to help the government execute the new rule. Greedy, cruel and immoral, Fire-Wind ravages northwest China with his army, killing thousands of pugilists as well as innocent civilians. His next goal is to attack Martial Village, which houses a large number of martial artists. Fu Qingzhu, a retired executioner who served during the previous Ming Dynasty, feels an urge to stop Fire-Wind\'s brutality, and he sets forth to save Martial Village. He brings with him two young villagers, Han Zhibang and Wu Yuanying, to Mount Heaven to seek help from Shadow-Glow, a reclusive master swordsman and sword-forger. Shadow-Glow allows his four students  to accompany the trio on their quest. He also gives each of them a special sword he forged, and the seven of them title themselves "Seven Swords". The Seven Swords return to Martial Village in the nick of time and succeed in driving away Fire-Wind\'s soldiers. In order to buy time for the villagers to prepare for an evacuation, the Seven Swords advance to Fire-Wind\'s base and cause chaos. During the raid, Chu Zhaonan encounters Fire-Wind\'s Korean slave girl, Green Pearl, and brings her along as they make their escape. As the party makes its exodus, strange things start happening along the way. Their food and water supplies are mysteriously poisoned, and their trail is marked by signs leading the enemy to them. The Seven Swords realize that there is a spy among them and understand that they must eliminate him / her before Fire-Wind catches up. Green Pearl immediately becomes a suspect because she does not speak their language. The situation is further complicated by a romantic affair between Chu Zhaonan and Green Pearl. Once, Green Pearl leads Chu into a trap unintentionally and manages to escape despite suffering serious injuries. Chu is captured by Fire-Wind, and Green Pearl manages to inform the other swordsmen before she dies. The other six swordsmen travel to Fire-Wind\'s base and engage him in a fierce battle to rescue Chu Zhaonan. During the Swords\' absence, the spy, Qiu Dongluo, reveals his identity and begins killing the unsuspecting villagers systematically. He is discovered by the village chief\'s daughter, Liu Yufang, and eventually killed by her. However, Liu is traumatized by the experience and turns hysterical. Meanwhile, the Seven Swords defeat and slay Fire-Wind, forcing his army to retreat temporarily. The swordsmen return to the hideout, only to find that all the villagers have been killed, except for Liu Yufang and the children. Han Zhibang calms Liu down and decides to stay behind and protect the survivors. The Seven Swords realize that the only way to save the jianghu is to persuade the emperor to withdraw the Martial Arts Ban. Liu tells Han that she can take care of the survivors and Han rides away to join his comrades as they travel towards the capital city.'] ["Queen Hijau  of Pattani faces overthrow by the rebel Prince Rawai, who is allied with pirate captain Black Raven. The pirates attempt to capture some giant cannon invented by Dutchman Janis Bree and Chinese inventor Lim Kium, but the Dutch ship carrying the cannon blows up and the cannons sink into the sea. Meanwhile, an orphan sea gypsy boy named Pari is raised in a fishing village, which is constantly under attack by Black Raven's raiding parties. The boy, gifted in the magical art of Du Lum, is taken by his uncle Anjar to learn more of the magical ways of the ocean from White Ray, but the sage refuses to teach the boy. Nonetheless, Pari is soon communicating with the marine life. He grows into manhood and becomes a fighter against Black Raven's pirates. Black Raven, also a practitioner in the Du Lum ocean magical arts, has been trying to raise the cannons from the depths of the sea. Queen Hijau wants her own large cannons and seeks the inventor Lim Kium, who has been living in the sea gypsy fishing village. She sends away her sisters, Princess Ungu  and Princess Biru . They will be under the protection of the queen's loyal commander, the fierce silat exponent Lord Jarang. At the fishing village, Lord Jarang comes under attack. Pari aids Jarang in fighting off the pirates, and Jarang makes his escape. In the confusion, Princess Ungu is believed to have been killed, but she has actually been rescued by Pari and taken to White Ray's remote island. There, a romance develops between Ungu and Pari, but neither are able to commit. Ungu is due to marry the Prince of Pahang, an important ally of Langkasuka. And Pari is still tortured by the death of his childhood sweetheart at the hands of Black Raven's men. In a cave on the island, Pari encounters Black Ray, an evil, unstable alter ego of White Ray, and Pari begins to learn more about Du Lum and the conflict between the black and white sides of the practice. Eventually, all the forces - the rebel prince, the pirates, the ocean sorcerers, the queen and the princesses - will battle for the big cannon."] ['The film is the tale of a noble swordsman and a one-armed swordswoman who find themselves up against the evil Crimson Charm gang of thieves and thugs.'] ["The eponymous character, played by Jimmy Wang, has hung up his signature broken sword and is living peacefully with his wife. However, a band of tyrannical sword masters take over the country, using their own signature styles and unique weapons to conquer all the sword fighting schools. They capture all the masters and teachers of the schools and deliver an ultimatum: all the students must cut off their sword arms and surrender the severed limbs to the evil warlords, or the students' beloved teachers will all die. The students turn to the legendary One-Armed Swordsman, who is at first reluctant but is convinced when a student actually does sacrificially chop his own arm off when he refuses to help. The One-Armed Swordsman must contend with the unique styles and weapons of the warlords, which is what makes the movie. Winged Blade  and his henchmen are able to jump or glide, a power that One-Arm foils by scattering calthrops where they land. Whirling Blade and his henchmen wield and throw two bladed bucklers, which return to them like Captain America's shield. Thunder Blade's sword both emits a smoke screen and is actually a shotgun. Thousand Blade  has long false fingernail blades that she can throw. And Unseen Blade  first appears to have an invisible sword, then suddenly has a sword that can unexpectedly grow longer. In the end the One-Armed Swordsman defeats the warlords and their armies, but by that time all of the sword fighting students who were helping him are dead. He leaves the last evil swords master, Unseen, to be chopped into chutney by the vengeful freed masters and teachers of the schools, and goes back to his wife."] ['The film begins with a narration of the legend of an Indian Buddhist monk and the widespread belief that his mummified remains has mystical powers. The Dark Stone gang, having found that half of the remains are in the prime minister Zhang\'s hands, sends assassins to kill him and his son Renfeng. Dark Stone\'s top assassin Drizzle steals the remains and flees. She encounters the monk Wisdom after dispatching a pursuing Renfeng at the top of a bridge. Wisdom is revealed to be an accomplished martial artist who demonstrates to Drizzle that her swordsmanship has four fatal flaws. Warning that she can be killed by a master, he attempts to persuade her to turn a new leaf and leave the life of an assassin. The three months of their association ends with him dying by her hands, a final demonstration intended to enlighten her. After Wisdom\'s death, Drizzle is burdened with sorrow and guilt and decides to leave her old way of life. She goes to a famous surgeon who changes her appearance and she assumes the identity of Zeng Jing, a common cloth merchant. She attracts the attention of the messenger Ah-sheng whom she eventually marries. The Dark Stone gang\'s leader, Wheel King, recruits and trains a new assassin, Turquoise, a merciless girl who murdered her fiance and in-laws on her wedding night. The Dark Stone, in the meantime, are still in pursuit of Drizzle and the mummified remains, and one of their top members  is mysteriously assassinated. Later, Zeng Jing and Ah-sheng are in the bank when robbers enter. As the gang draws their swords, Zeng Jing defeats them and saves both her and her husband\'s lives. This act reveals her whereabouts to Dark Stone. The Wheel King summons three assassins in his gang - Lei Bin, the Magician, and Turquoise - to hunt Drizzle down. They locate Drizzle despite her changed appearance. However, Drizzle  state she just wants to live a normal life, and the Wheel King promises her freedom for Ah-sheng and herself in exchange for the half of the she took and help in collecting the other half. After the Dark Stone secure the remains, Drizzle hands over her half. The gang refuses to release her, and despite infighting that kills the Magician, she comes home wounded and collapses before Ah-sheng. Lei Bin and Turquoise follow her but are stopped by Ah-sheng, who surprises them by producing a pair of Cen-Ci swords. Lei Bin recognizes them as Renfeng\'s weapon. The two assassins are defeated and Ah-sheng takes Drizzle to the surgeon. The surgeon treats Drizzle\'s wounds and tells Renfeng everything is pre-destined. Flashbacks reveal that Ah-sheng\'s true identify is Renfeng, who did not die from Drizzle\'s sword because he has situs inversus. He has also changed his appearance so that he can avenge his father\'s death. Drizzle finds out the truth and asks Renfeng if he has ever loved her. An emotional Renfeng tells her that is impossible because of what she and Dark Stone have done to his family, but he cannot bring himself to kill her and tells her to leave. The Wheel King, having obtained the remains, attempts to use the power to restore his bodily "defect": he was castrated as a boy and uses the cover of being a low ranking eunuch to hide his criminal activities. Turquoise discovers this as she seduces him and mocks him in anger and disappointment. The Wheel King is infuriated and buries her alive under a bridge. He sees the firework signal released by Drizzle, who has decided to engage him in a final battle. The Wheel King comes to a graveyard and finds Renfeng dead. Drizzle then battles him and wounds him fatally, using what Wisdom had taught her. Renfeng revives the next morning, since he was just given a tortiose powder by Drizzle in order to appear lifeless so he could witness Drizzle avenge his family with her life. He approaches her body to touch her and finds her still alive. Renfeng is overcome with joy and carries her in his arms. Drizzle whispers to him "divorce me after we get home." Renfeng laughs and tells her they have a long life ahead.'] ["The Qianlong Emperor is not the legitimate successor to the throne since at birth he was exchanged with the Yongzheng Emperor's newborn daughter. He learns the truth when two senior members of the Red Flower Society, a subversive anti-government secret organisation, contact him years later, hoping that the emperor will help them in driving the Manchus away. To hide the truth about his heritage, the emperor orders the two men to be killed, although one of them escapes and is captured again later. The Red Flower Society's chief Chen Jialuo turns out to be Qianlong's younger brother, and the two of them develop a tenuous relationship as the society's members attempt to rescue their captured comrade. They unleash an elaborate plan to kidnap the emperor in exchange for their comrade, and hope to persuade the emperor to join their cause. When the exchange takes place, Qianlong must ultimately continue impersonating a Manchu in order to remain in power as ruler of the Qing Empire. Qianlong's chief lieutenant, Zhang Zhaozhong, is bound and determined to wipe out Chen Jialuo and the Red Flower Society. His opportunity comes when a martial arts contest is scheduled to be held."] ["It is the Ming Dynasty and bonfires burn in a moonlit wasteland. Yehe Changgong duels with Manchu warrior Nalan but purposely loses and relinquishes his title of Supreme Master of Martial Arts. He retires to the sleepy Sideroad Town, nestled in the shadow of the Imperial City, where he intends to see out the rest of his days peacefully, playing his erhu. Mingyue Xin catches his eye and they begin a musical duel, half seduction, and half stand-off. They agree to meet on the roof of the Royal Palace at the next full moon to finish their sonata. However, their night time rendezvous coincides with a break-in at the Palace by three masked thieves hoping to steal a rumoured treasure map. However, they are beaten to the punch by Xin, a ninja in disguise, who they pursue across the rooftops before cornering her at Lanruo Temple. Changgong pursues them and saves Xin from the clutches of the thieves. In the scuffle, the map is lost and with all five participants injured, they have no choice but to limp off their separate ways until they can track it down. Cut to five years later and the treasure-seeking warriors have come no closer to finding their prize, but have each assumed the disguise of a normal villager. Changgong and Xin run a restaurant - the Dragon Inn - with their adopted daughter Xiaowei, while the three thieves pass themselves off as a shopkeeper, singer and monk. They're all under the thumb of the young landowner, Lord Xu, a spoilt rich kid with a soft spot for Xiaowei. He struggles to gain the respect of the villagers and to collect their rent, until he lets obliviously slip that he is the custodian of the treasure map. Later mayor Gu Yuejin accidentally sends a pigeon about the treasure in the Imperial City. Loads of army come including the second army, led by Nalan. Xin, Xiaowei and Xu follow the treasure to claim the treasure while Changgong and Nalan engage in another duel. All five of them later encountered the treasure which turns out to be a spade. Nalan throws the spade away but later falls on him, killing him. The film ends with a party of all the citizens of the Sideroad Town."] ["Dragon Tiger Gate is an academy established by two powerful martial artists. The academy aims to train students with martial arts in order to uphold justice and combat the threat of the triads. The academy is also a haven for children who had been orphaned by triads. The story begins with the two sons, who were born to different mothers, of Wong, one of the founders of the academy. The older is named Dragon and the younger is named Tiger. When the boys were young, Dragon's mother left the academy and gave Dragon half of a jade amulet pendant and told him that his half-brother Tiger has the other half. When Dragon's mother was killed in a fire, Dragon was taken into the care of triad boss named Ma Kun and he grew up to become his bodyguard. Ma Kun's gang is a subject of the evil Luocha Cult. Several years later, Tiger and his friends are dining in a restaurant and encounter Ma Kun and his men, who are receiving the Luocha Plaque. The plaque is a symbol of authority within the Luocha Cult and indicates that the holder is second only to the cult's leader Shibumi. Ma Kun and the leader of the White Lions Gang were arguing over the plaque when Tiger interrupts and starts a fight with the gangsters. They manage to seize the plaque. Just then, Dragon appears and fights with Tiger, whom he does not recognise to be his half-brother. Ma Kun calls for Dragon to pull back. Later that night, Dragon confronts Tiger and his friends at a Japanese restaurant to take back the plaque. Tiger and his friends have been drugged by Scaly, another of Ma Kun's lackeys, who also wanted to seize back the plaque to prove to his boss that he is the better man. Scaly and his followers fight Dragon over possession of the plaque. Turbo Shek, another diner at the restaurant, is aroused by the commotion and he joins in the fight on Dragon's side. Dragon and Turbo defeat Scaly and his men and Dragon takes back the plaque from Tiger. Just then, Tiger discovers that Dragon has the other half of the jade amulet pendant and realises that Dragon is actually his half-brother. Turbo follows Tiger back to Dragon Tiger Gate and wants to be enrolled into the academy to improve his martial arts. He is refused by the current leader of the academy, Master Wong, for his arrogance. Dismayed, Turbo waits outside the academy and promises not to leave unless he is accepted in as student. Master Wong agrees to spar with Turbo and defeats Turbo easily. Turbo is humbled and accepted by Master Wong as a student. Meanwhile, Ma Kun returns the Luocha Plaque to signify his retirement. He is supported by Dragon, who wants to return to Dragon Tiger Gate, and his daughter Ma Xiaoling, who wants a simple life. Shibumi sees this as an insult and sends his henchmen, the Double Devils, to kill Ma Kun. He uses his subordinate Lousha to lure Dragon away while his minions kill Ma Kun. Dragon realises that he had been tricked and return to rescue Ma Kun but it is too late. Dragon slays the Double Devils after a vicious fight and leaves Ma Xiaoling in his brother's care before leaving. Shibumi was impressed with Dragon for defeating his henchmen and goes to Dragon Tiger Gate to issue a challenge. With Dragon not present, Master Wong, Tiger and Turbo takes on Shibumi's challenge but were utterly defeated. Master Wong is killed by Shibumi while Tiger and Turbo are severely wounded. Ma Xiaoling brings Tiger and Turbo to Mount Baiyun to seek help from Master Qi. Master Qi heals the wounded Tiger and Turbo, and teaches them new martial arts techniques to fight Shibumi. Tiger and Turbo storm into Shibumi's Black Pagoda to stop him from committing evil acts once and for all. Although their martial arts abilities have greatly improved since the last time they fought, they are still not Shibumi's match. At the critical moment, Dragon appears and fights Shibumi, eventually defeating him. Before the film ends, Dragon returns to Dragon Tiger Gate together with Tiger and Turbo."] ['The chief of Mount Hua and the leaders of Eight Schools sends famed martial artist, Guo Jiou Ru to locate a coveted manual written by the late King of the Martial World. Split into two parts, the manual details skills to turn the practitioner into a supreme fighter. The Yin family possesses one of the books while the Winged Tiger, Teng Fei has the other. In a bid to secure the manuals for himself, the King of Hades sets up his sister to marry Teng Fei. Guo, with his proficiency in ventriloquism and comparable skills to Teng Fei, is to impersonate him and infiltrate the Yin household to steal away the other manual.'] ['Butterflies have apparently become a lethal weapon. Several rivals contend for a mysterious prize, using a variety of unusual weapons.'] ['Every 18 years, the martial artists\' community will hold a martial arts contest to elect a new leader. Eva Palace\'s ruler wins the title and is tasked with eliminating the Ten Villains, who live in the Villains\' Valley, a sanctuary for criminals. Yin Nam-tin  believes that the villains are innocent and attempts to stop his wife from killing them. The couple turn against each other and Yin manages to defeat his wife eventually, but becomes paralyzed and mute. Eva accepts a girl called More as her disciple and intends to groom her as her successor. Meanwhile, the Ten Villains accept Yin\'s son  as their student and plan to "nurture" him into the greatest villain ever. 18 years later, the grown-up Fishy meets More by coincidence and falls in love with her. When he participates in the contest later, he is shocked to discover that Eva is actually his mother, and More is in fact Eva\'s student.'] ['The movie begins with an explanation of the legend of the Butterfly Lovers. Zhu Yanzhi disguises herself as a man to go to Soul Ease Clan, which she must do to learn fighting skills which will help protect her family. While there she meets Bro Shan who protects her and calls her Little Bro, unaware that she is a woman. She has a love of butterflies and decorates Bro Shan\'s sword with two butterflies. At first Bro Shan is angry at Yanzhi for drawing butterflies on his sword but eventually accepts it. The pair develop a close friendship. Bro Shan eventually realizes that Yanzhi is a woman and makes a butterfly pin for her. Eventually, Bro Ma, Yanzhi\'s childhood friend comes to pick her up and take her back to her family. Yanzhi is pleased that she will be going home but says she will miss Bro Shan, who she is now in love with. Before she leaves, Bro Shan takes her to Butterfly Valley, a beautiful grassy green field where hundreds of butterflies fly. Yanzhi is taken back to her family and is horrified when she realizes that her parents have set up an arranged marriage between her and Bro Ma. She refuses to follow through with the marriage. However, Bro Ma chains up Yanzhi in order to force her to marry him. When Bro Shan comes to visit, he promises that he will rescue her but Bro Ma is suspicious of him and creates a plan to prevent any interference. He imprisons Yanzhi\'s parents and tells Yanzhi that he will kill Bro Shan and her parents unless she marries him. Fearing for their lives, she promises that she will marry Ma. When Shan comes to visit, Yanzhi tells him that she is no longer in love with him because their backgrounds are too different. She returns the butterfly pin and cuts off a lock of her hair to give to Shan . Shan, believing that Yanzhi no longer loves him, is heartbroken and leaves. Yanzhi is also heartbroken because now she will have to marry a man she does not wish to marry. During the night, Teacher Herbal Head, a teacher from Soul Ease Clan, visits her and gives her a herb that will make her appear dead. On the day of the wedding, Yanzhi eats this. Everyone believes her to be dead, including Bro Ma, who is horrified, and exclaims "You would rather die than marry me?!". The wedding turns into a funeral. Bro Shan is still heartbroken, but decides that he must visit Yanzhi to wish her well, believing that Yanzhi is happy, so he should be happy. On the way there, he is met by Yanzhi\'s serving girl, who tells him that Yanzhi has committed suicide. Bro Shan is horrified because he realizes that Yanzhi wasn\'t happy and had only agreed to marry Ma in order to save him. He decides that he will bury Yanzhi in Butterfly Valley, where she will be happy. Shan comes to Yanzhi\'s funeral to get her body. A bloody battle occurs between Shan and Ma. Both Ma and Shan are suffering from horrible injuries by the time Ma finally surrenders. Shan takes Yanzhi\'s body and carries her all the way to butterfly valley. He digs a grave for her and lays her there to rest. Finally succumbing to his injuries and exhaustion he lies down in the grave, next to Yanzhi, kisses her, and dies. Shan\'s friends see the two lovers, side by side, and decide to finish what Shan had started; They fill up the grave. Yanzhi, however, is still not really dead. She cannot move or speak, but she can hear. She wakes up and sees Shan next to her, dead, and sees Shan\'s friends burying them together. She whispers, "Wait for me", closes her eyes, and also dies, so that she can be with Shan. When the grave is completely filled, the two butterflies on Shan\'s sword flutter off the sword and fly into the air, together. In the afterlife, we see that Yanzhi and Shan are finally together.'] ["Liu Wen-lung's home is attacked by bandits led by Chou Chao. Liu's wife was killed, but his son Yu-long was saved by a faithful servant by hiding in a well. While tracking down the bandit, his disciple Hu Chi-feng attempted to rape a villager. Liu Wen-lung discovers the attempt and Hu escaped, but not before killing his victim with a killer dart stolen from Liu. Liu Wen-lung adopted Yu-sien, the orphaned daughter of the victim, and raised her together with his son, settling down and giving up the pursuit of vengeance. Yu-long and Yu-sien grew up together and fell in love. However, Yu-sien ran into Hu Chi-feng, who led her to believe from the dart on her mother's body that it was Liu Wen-lung who killed her family."] ["Butterfly has nothing to do with the martial arts world. Her father was once a renowned member of the martial arts world, but she is just another young girl deeply in love with Meng Sing Wan. They live happily in a small hut next to a river, where he spends time trying to catch fish, and writing poetry. From time to time, Sing has to go away on business to earn money, that's what he tells her anyway, but the horrifying truth is that he is an assassin. He is a member of the Happy Forest, a group of assassins led by Sister Ko, but he is tired of the never-ending life of killing for a living. Yip is another member of the group, and is Sing's best friend. The both of them, along with Sister Ko, and a girl called Ho Ching grew up together, forming the best of Happy Forest. Yip is in love with Sister Ko, but is afraid to tell her. However, Ko only has eyes for Sing, but Sing regards her only as an older sister. Ko is given a mission by the Grand Eunuch Tsao, who instructs her to steal a letter from the hands of Master Suen from the Elites Villa sect, who was given to him by Grand Eunuch Li, Tsao's adversary in court. Ko tells Sing to fake his own death, then enter Suen's service as a lone swordsman. Sing does this and more. He impresses Suen with his skills and soon has his trust. At this time however, he encounters Suen's girl, who looks remarkably like the Ho Ching that once disappeared many years ago. Suen sees Sing's interest in his woman, and so, gives her to him. But on the night of the wedding, Ho Ching tries to steal the message, but fail and dies. Sing is devastated by her death, and he goes back to Happy Forest, confronting Ko as to why he wasn't told that Ho Ching was alive all this time, and was being an undercover. Ko is upset by Sing's outburst, only wanting what is best for all of them. Ko and Yip forces into Suen's Elites Villa, and with Sing already inside, they are able to defeat Suen and take the message. When Ko and Sing deliver the message to Eunuch Tsao, it is revealed that Eunuch Li is really Eunuch Tsao, and that he hatched up the plan to destroy the people of the martial arts world. In the end, Tsao is defeated by the teamwork of Ko, Sing, and a young prince."] ['The Golden Sword school is attacked by bandits. The servant Fang Cheng sacrifices his life to protect his master Qi Ru Feng. In gratitude, Qi accepts the dying Fang Cheng\'s son, Fang Kang, as his student. Years later, Fang Kang is scorned by his snobbish fellow students because of his poor background. Deciding that he will only cause trouble for his master Fang Kang leaves the school only to run into his classmates and his master\'s spoiled daughter, Pei Er. In the ensuing fight Fang\'s right arm is cut off by Pei Er, who is angry at his indifference towards her. Stumbling away, Fang falls off a bridge into the passing boat of a peasant girl Xiao Man. Xiao Man nurses him back to health and the two fall in love. Fang Kang is nevertheless depressed as he is unable to practice his swordsmanship. Reluctantly, Xiao Man gives him a half-burnt kung-fu manual which she had inherited from her now dead parents. With its help, Fang Kang is able to master a new one-armed style of swordplay, making him stronger than before. Meanwhile master Qi Ru Feng is preparing for his 55th birthday and has invited all of his students to the celebration to choose a successor from amongst them so that he can retire from the martial arts world. However, his old enemies the Long-armed Devil and the Smiling Tiger Cheng are taking the opportunity to destroy Qi Ru Feng. Using a specially designed "sword-lock", they ambush and kill Qi\'s students travelling to the celebration. Fang Kang inadvertently learns of the plot and, breaking his promise to Xiao Man not to involve himself in the martial arts world, rushes to save his master. He is delayed en route by the Long Armed Devil\'s accomplices and when he arrives the Long Armed Devil has already killed most of the students and wounded Qi Ru Feng. In a vicious battle, Fang Kang manages to kill the Long Armed Devil, but chooses to return to Xiao Man and become a farmer, instead of taking his master\'s place at the school.'] ["Inspired by the Finnish epic The Kalevala, the story opens with a down-on-his luck novice blacksmith name Kai whose girlfriend, Ronja, leaves him. Ronja tries to dispose of his collection of Asian artifacts and what appears to be an urn full of ashes at an antique dealer. The ashes are his burned up hair and nail clippings, used by blacksmiths to prevent rust. This sets off a mythical series of events that holds Ronja back from leaving town. The ashes open a mythical chest, which causes Kai to remember a past life where he was a half-Chinese half-Finnish warrior named Sintai, fated to battle a demon in ancient China, threatening to enslave all of humankind. Sintai is fated to be rewarded with Nirvana upon dying in that lifetime if he killed the demon. Sintai is abetted—and then ultimately disheartened—by a female warrior named Pin Yu, who has captured his heart. Shortly after, Pin Yu unexpectedly finds her lost lover, Cho, who is Sintai's friend. Upon realizing this, Sintai uses a magical chest to imprison the demon and escape Nirvana. He then commits suicide to be reborn as Kai, who is being instructed by the now freed demon to build the Sampo, an item that will open the gates to hell. Kai's remembering and the sampo building are transposed to each other. Finally, Kai realizes what he has done and knows his complete past life and, with Pin Yu now reincarnated as Ronja and potentially returned to his side, he decides to fulfill his original quest and kill the demon."] ["The film is set in western China in 700 during the Tang Dynasty, and revolves around two protagonists, the first of which is Lieutenant Li of the Chinese army. Li's refusal to kill Göktürk women and child prisoners causes a mutiny, leading him to be expelled from the army and become a fugitive, traveling through the Gobi Desert. He eventually comes across a caravan which carries a powerful, mystical relic accompanied by a Buddhist monk. Li protects the caravan from Göktürks as well as the overlord of the region, Master An, who is hired by the Göktürk Khan to seize the relic. The second protagonist, a Japanese emissary, Lai Xi, is ordered by the emperor of China to kill the fugitive, Li. In a twist of fate, Lai Xi realizes that the caravan is on a mission and helps Li to defend it, and ensures that it arrives at the capital safely. They promise to fight each other only after their duty is done, although that battle never comes to pass."] ["After his lengthy training nears completion, expert swordsman Kao is entrusted with an unusual mission by his elderly master. The task involves taking the fabled 'Teardrop Sword' down into the martial world and solving the petty squabbles of a few supremely skilled individuals, while also deciding the fate of the seemingly cursed weapon. Kao takes his master's words on board, descends from his mountain retreat and prepares to meet the weird and wonderful pugilists he has heard so much about. Kao's arrival in town is noticed by the so-called 'Unbeatable' Sze-ma Chao-chun and his fiendishly intelligent aide Zhou who decide to keep a close eye on the stranger as they prepare to host a lavish ceremony. Unfortunately for Sze-ma, the celebration is disrupted by an assassination that leaves the whole of his clan rocked by the vicious attack. Kao insists that he has no involvement in the murder, but is happy to side with Sze-ma's long-time enemy Chu Meng of 'Braveheart Hall' when the rival clan leader is ambushed by a troop of killers. Though the histories of both swordsmen is familiar to Kao thanks to his master's instruction, he is less sure of the enigmatic killer who continues to appear during the most intriguing moments."] ["Following Dongfang Bubai's apparent death in Swordsman II, the wulin  sinks into chaos as it is without a dominant leader. Several imposters use Dongfang Bubai's name to rally supporters and form their own sects, and Dongfang's lover Xue Qianxun rebuilds the Sun Moon Holy Cult with her as its new leader. The imperial court sends a naval admiral called Gu Changfeng to accompany the Portuguese in search of Dongfang Bubai. They arrive at Black Woods Cliff, the site of Dongfang Bubai's death in the earlier film, and Gu Changfeng discovers that Dongfang is still alive and now lives at the cliff's base. Gu Changfeng manages to persuade Dongfang Bubai to return to the jianghu and Dongfang seeks to destroy all the imposters. Dongfang Bubai unleashes his fury and starts a bloodbath in eliminating all the imposters. He discovers that Xue Qianxun is also one of the imposters and seriously injures her in anger. Dongfang Bubai plans to unite the wulin once more but Gu Changfeng attempts to stop him and leads the imperial navy to fight him. Dongfang Bubai emerges victorious and Xue Qianxun sacrifices herself to save him. Dongfang Bubai realises his mistake and embraces his dead lover as he retires from the jianghu once more."] ['December 2007}} The character Fang Yuqing, accompanied by her "martial brother" Yue Jianqui travels the Jiang Hu providing what assistance they can offer to those in need. Early in the film two men are attacked by a giant golden bird  but escape when the bird is attacked by another large but darker bird . However, the latter bird carries a child away. The men escape to their village, and subsequently the two main characters arrive. They offer their help, but after defeating the bird and saving the child, Fang\'s donkey is stolen by another swordswoman. She pursues her and they engage in a fight scene. The thief afterwards reveals that her village of origin is under siege by outlaws. She has heard of Fang\'s reputation and has baited her in order to test her skills before requesting her help in saving her hometown.  The two make peace and the party continues onwards, eventually stopping to rest for the night at the titular temple. However, what initially appeared to be Buddhist monks are actually disguised villains in the service of one of Fang\'s enemies, who attempt to ambush the heroes while they sleep by sneaking in via a hidden corridor. This is when the film\'s climactic fight scene takes place, in which Fang battles the temple\'s "monks" using double swords. The film ends abruptly at this point due to lost footage.'] ["The Yang family, men and women, had served their country  loyally for generations. During the war with Western Xia, General Yang Tsung-pao is ambushed and killed. His death leaves his only son, Yang Wen as the only male heir left to the Yang family. His widow, Mu Kuei-ying, the grand matriarch and the entire family set out to avenge his death and defend the country. Due to the interference of a corrupt official, Wang Ching, the Yangs were unable to have the emperor's consent to use the imperial army. Thus, they set off with whatever volunteer troops they could muster. Knowing of Mu Kuei-ying's reputation as a warrior and tactician, the king of West Hsia and his sons try various ways to stop her to no avail. They are outsmarted at the end as Mu Kuei-ying, the Yang family and Sung soldiers successfully storm their stronghold."] ['Yuk Jiao Lung takes up kung fu with the former rebel master Jade Fox as a way to escape an undesirable arranged marriage, while simultaneously, sword master Li Mu Bai falls in love with Yu Shu Lien when she arrives to avenge the murder of her parents. When the Green Destiny Sword turns up stolen, and the notorious female thief Jade Fox arrives to finish the ordeal, the four become enmeshed in a tangle of adventure, vengeance, and betrayal.'] ["Fei is a simple fisherman, who still possesses great sword-fighting prowess. He ends up foiling an assassination attempt against 13th Prince and helping him in an attempt to regain the throne from his evil brother. Yuet and Hsien appear as the prince's wife-to-be and aide, while adding their talents to the film's numerous swordplay sequences. The film ending was also a tragic situation."] ['{{plot}} The evil Japanese warlord Lord Godless desires to conquer China. He threatens the General in command into surrender, takes the emperor captive and subdues a large number of martial arts masters using his special poison. Among the captives are Cloud who surrendered out of concern for Chu Chu, and the martial arts legend Nameless. Lord Godless gives them two choices, they can either surrender and work under him, or they will be executed. None of the masters accept the offer. Nameless then breaks free of his chains, revealing that Ghostly Tiger, Nameless\' assistant sneaked in earlier to give all the masters the antidote to the poison. Cloud and Wind land direct blows on Lord Godless with no noticeable effect, and even though several other martial arts masters combine their powers to attack Lord Godless, they lose the contest of strength and are killed. Nameless uses his special attack on Lord Godless, using his chi to launch all the captured masters\' swords at Lord Godless, Lord Godless takes the attack head on and blocks all the swords while Nameless suffers serious internal injuries because he overtaxed himself while not fully recovered from the poison. Some other martial artists raid the prison on horseback and Nameless, Cloud, Wind and Chu Chu manage to escape, while Lord Godless sends his son, Heartless and two lieutenants, Earth and Sky, after Nameless with an army, with orders to destroy any martial arts schools along the way who will not surrender. Nameless is badly injured and will not be able to recover his full strength to fight with Lord Godless for a significant period of time, so he sends Cloud and Wind to find Piggy King\'s elder brother, Lord Wicked, who is the only person who can fight Lord Godless now. They go to the mountain where he has hid himself from the outside world but are unsuccessful in persuading him to help, until Wind\'s lover Second Dream shows up and aids in persuading Lord Wicked. Lord Wicked comes out of his cave, revealing that he had chopped off his own arms years ago. This was his attempt to stop killing innocent people because he had lost control of himself in his younger days while practicing evil kung-fu. He kicks some pebbles at Cloud and Wind to test how they react, Cloud crushes the pebbles totally while Wind only catches them intact. Lord Wicked states that Cloud is too aggressive and will not be able to handle training in the evil way, while Wind has more control and might be able to return to normal. Lord Wicked then starts training Wind in evil arts while Cloud is summoned to meet Nameless at Lin Yi Temple. At Lin Yi Temple, Cloud fights a disguised Nameless, who states that Cloud has massive potential, able to accurately learn his styles in a short period of time, and trains him, eventually creating a new sword style which Nameless names "Ba", inventing a new character partially resembling the characters "Cloud" and "Sword". Lord Godless discovers where Nameless, Wind and Cloud have been hiding and dispatches Earth and Sky to kill Nameless while sending a few warriors after Wind. At the temple, Cloud easily defeats Earth and Sky in a single blow, but as Lord Wicked and the others are fighting off the warriors that Lord Godless sent, Second Dream gets injured and Wind interrupts his training to come out of the cave and save her, killing the warriors in the process. Afterward he leaves with his training unfinished, despite it supposedly not being possible to leave the pool yet. Cloud arrives to find Wind gone, and Lord Wicked sends Cloud after Lord Godless as he is trying to find the Dragon Tomb which contains a secret that deals with the destiny of China. Lord Godless meanwhile has taken the Emperor and his family as hostages and is searching for the Dragon Tomb. The Emperor refuses to help him, but Heartless is able to find out which path into the tomb is the correct one through the use of his chi that generated a massive wind when he picked the correct passage. Once at the end of the path, Heartless starts threatening the Emperor for more information on the Dragon Tomb, but as he refuses to speak, Heartless starts killing his wives and sons. Cloud arrives, and the guards which were Imperial Guards that were forced to surrender, switch sides instantly and pull the Emperor out of harm\'s way. Cloud and Heartless exchanges blows, Heartless backs off after the first exchange, and Cloud and Lord Godless starts fighting, Cloud initially has the upper hand but is unable to injure Lord Godless due to his near invincible armor. In the fight, a pile of rocks is blown away, revealing the entrance to the real Dragon Tomb, which contains a human skeleton sitting upright. Lord Godless almost kills Cloud in the next exchange of blows, but Wind, who has been thoroughly possessed by the evil arts, arrives and fights against first Lord Godless, then Cloud, and then both of them, eventually killing Lord Godless by cutting off his arm from the underside of his armor, which was not as well protected and stealing the Dragon Bone, the secret of the tomb. As Cloud chases after Wind, the Emperor begs Cloud to retrieve the Dragon Bone as it is crucial to the destiny of China. Second Dream eventually finds Wind at the secret place she had written to him in a letter about, but Wind just sits there with minimal response, and eventually the Emperor\'s guards arrive to try and take the Dragon Bone back. However as the General struggles with Second Dream over the dragon bone, Heartless, which had escaped from the previous battle, grabs the bone and heavily injures the General, as the General and Heartless struggle for the bone, it breaks into two and Wind gets fully taken over by the evil spirit again. Cloud arrives and fights Wind to try and bring him back, but fails as Wind eventually wounds Second Dream and also kills Chu Chu. In a final gambit, Cloud hurls his sword at Wind, cutting him on the forehead and Wind miraculously regains control. The cliff side has taken serious damage in the battle however, and a large section collapses, causing Wind and Second Dream  to fall off the cliff. Cloud is not in the section of the cliff that collapses. However, Cloud jumps off the cliff as well, manages to fall faster than the Wind and Second Dream, and exerts a force to push Wind and Second Dream back to safety. In doing so, Cloud plummets into the depths, but there is no scene of him dying. Sitting safely on the stable part of the cliff, Wind laments about why Cloud did not kill him earlier when Cloud had the chance. The movie ends abruptly at this stage.The Storm Warriors Official Website'] ['The film covers the first half of the novel and ends with the truce between the Qianlong Emperor and the Red Flower Society at Liuhe Pagoda. The two major subplots in the novel are omitted: Li Yuanzhi and Zhou Qi do not appear in the film.'] ['In 1914, Hero is given the Red Sword  and accepted by Pride as a disciple after passing a test. When he returns home, he discovers that his family had been murdered by foreigners for opposing opium trading. That night, Hero breaks up the foreigners\' party and kills them for revenge. He flees from China after bidding farewell to his love interest, Jade, and sails to America. 16 years later, Hero\'s childhood friend Sheng and Hero\'s son Sword arrive in America. They meet Monk Lohan in China House in Chinatown and hear news about Hero. Lohan tells them of his meeting with Hero while they were on board the ship for America and their experiences as labourers in Steel Bull Canyon. They travel to Jade\'s grave later and Sheng tells Sword of how he and Jade travelled to America 16 years ago in search of Hero, as well as their reunion and the subsequent marriage of Hero and Jade in America. Sheng and Sword meet Hero\'s senior, Shadow, who tells them of their skirmish with some Japanese ninjas and the story behind Sword\'s birth. Sword and his twin sister were born in China House amidst a blaze set by the ninjas. Sword\'s sister was taken away shortly after her birth by a traitor named Bigot and no news have been heard of her since then. Shadow also tells them of Hero\'s encounter with a fortune teller, who told Hero that he was born under the Star of Death and will be condemned to a life of loneliness. Lastly, Shadow tells them of their teacher Pride\'s duel with Invincible in Japan for the rightful possession of the martial arts manual "China Secret". Pride transferred all of his powers to Hero before his death. At China House, the Boss, along with Sword, Shadow and the others, plan to liberate the labourers at Steel Bull Canyon. They disguise themselves as an opera troupe and infiltrate the canyon. They catch the American supervisors off guard with their surprise attack and succeed in freeing the Chinese labourers there. Lohan is killed in action and Sword is threatened at gunpoint by Bigot when he confronted Bigot on the whereabouts of his twin sister. The long-lost Hero appears at the critical moment and joins in the battle, defeating the villains eventually. However, his daughter\'s whereabouts are still unknown. Sword is happy to see his father for the first time after hearing the various stories about his father. However, Hero maintains a cold attitude towards his son and constantly keeps a distance away from him. Hero persistently believes that he was born under the Star of Death and he would lose his loved ones and spend the rest of his life in solitude. Just then, Invincible arrives in America to finish the duel with Pride and since Pride had died, Invincible turns on Hero, Pride\'s successor. Hero and Invincible have a spectacular duel atop the Statue of Liberty and eventually Hero defeats Invincible. Before the film ends, Sword and Sheng prepare to leave America while Hero observes them from a distance.'] ['Zhuo Yihang was raised by Taoist Ziyang of the Wudang Sect and groomed to become a young chivalrous swordsman. He is placed in command of a coalition army formed by the eight major martial arts sects, which aims to prevent an evil cult from infiltrating China. During a battle against the cult, Zhuo Yihang meets a young woman called Lian Nichang and falls in love with her. She was an orphan, and was raised by wolves as an infant before being adopted by Ji Wushuang, the Siamese twins who lead the cult. After consummating their romance, Lian Nichang decides to leave the cult and follow Zhuo Yihang in pursuit of an ordinary life away from the jianghu . Lian Nichang succeeds in leaving the cult after suffering great pains. Meanwhile, Zhuo Yihang returns to Wudang and is horrified to see that his fellows have been murdered. The coalition believes that Lian Nichang is responsible and attack her when she arrives to meet Zhuo Yihang. Zhuo Yihang is forced to turn against Lian Nichang, and she morphs into a vicious white-haired killer after feeling that Zhuo had betrayed her love. In anger, Lian Nichang kills all the coalition members present. Suddenly, Ji Wushuang appears and reveals that he/she is actually the one who killed the Wudang people. Zhuo Yihang and Lian Nichang combine efforts to defeat and kill Ji Wushuang. However, even after the victory, Lian Nichang vows never to forgive Zhuo Yihang for betraying her and walks away with Zhuo looking on helplessly.'] ['In this film, set in ancient times in China, Leslie Cheung plays an agent, Ouyang Feng, hiring famous bounty-hunters. His character is portrayed as a fallen swordsman driven by greed and heartless to both friend and foe. He was perpetually being spiteful of love as his own love history was not nearly so beautiful. His bounty-hunters came and went as was narrated by Ouyang Feng himself as based on the Tung Shu predictions. In essence, he was a loner with little love, but the bounty hunters that worked for Ouyang Feng, like Blind Swordsman and another of his best fighters, Hong Qigong, discovered the intangible secret of true love while Ouyang retained his attitude towards his fighters and the precious lessons that they have taught. However, the thread that runs through the entire narrative has clearly the spirit of refusal in the sense that one should reject another before he gets to be rejected in the future. To illustrate, nearly every character in this story has resorted to being selfish and malignant in order to prevent being rejected by others, be it in love or in comradeship as their individual hardships have moulded their attitude turning them into heartless and cold individuals in order to survive in the uncompromising desert where the story is set. It has many moral implications but is less evident since the main character is Ouyang himself and most of the narration would unquestionably be centred on him.'] ["The film is a spin-off of the original story of The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber. Zhang Wuji retrieves the Heaven-reliant Sword and the Dragon-slaying Saber and places them in the Ming Cult's headquarters. He carves the inscriptions from the Nine Yang Manual on the walls of a secret chamber and asks his godfather Xie Xun, who has become a monk, to help him guard the chamber. Zhang returns the original copy of the manual to the Shaolin Sect. Song Qingshu, a defeated villain from the original story, returns and starts a reign of terror. He traps a beautiful Mongol princess and masters a new Yin and Yang-combined martial arts technique, becoming almost invincible. Zhang Wuji has to put an end to Song Qingshu's rampage."] ['Chi Tien-wei has been elected Chief of the jianghu after his three disciples eliminate the most feared fighters in the jianghu, namely: the "Militant Dragon and Tiger", the "Devil Stars" and the "Three Horrid Mice". However not everyone is pleased at Wei\'s appointment as Chief and many anonymous fighters and wizards are sent to upset his household, "The First family". Soon Chi Tien-wei realizes that there is a betrayer within his own house.'] ["A starving girl named Qingcheng, who recently stole food from a kid, meets a goddess called Manshen and accepts an offer to enjoy a luxurious life and become the most beautiful woman in the land in return for forgoing true love for eternity. When she grows up, she becomes the King's concubine. General Guangming defeats a larger army of barbarians with only 3,000 men and rushes back to save the King, who is besieged in the palace by the traitorous Duke Wuhuan. He meets Manshen, who tells him that someone wearing his Crimson Armour will commit regicide and tarnish his reputation. Subsequently, Guangming is attacked by Wuhuan's assassin, Snow Wolf. Kunlun, the slave of Guangming, defeats his master from Snow Wolf with his particularly skill of speed; Snow Wolf realized he is from the Land of Snow and leaves before he can kill the general. Wounded, Guangming asks Kunlun to don his armour and save the King, telling Kunlun that the King is the one without a weapon. Kunlun arrives at the palace and mistakes Qingcheng for the King as she is unarmed, and he kills the King instead, who has just drawn his sword. Kunlun falls in love with Qingcheng and they flee, only to be cornered at a cliff by Wuhuan and his soldiers. Wuhuan promises to leave Qingcheng unharmed, should Kunlun kill himself by jumping off the cliff, which Kunlun does. Kunlun leaps off the cliff and survives. Guangming is angry as his subordinates had turned on him after believing that he had murdered the King. Kunlun saves his master and returns the Crimson Armour. They go to rescue Qingcheng from Wuhuan's clutches later and Qingcheng falls in love with Guangming, whom she believes to be the one who leapt off the cliff for her earlier. Kunlun is captured by Wuhuan, who realises that it was he who murdered the King. While Guangming and Qingcheng lead a happy life in the countryside, Kunlun use his formidable speed and Snow Wolf guide to see the Veil of the Time and learns that Wuhuan was actually the one responsible for the destruction of his family and homeland. Snow Wolf is actually also from the same hometown as Kunlun and he was forced to become Wuhuan's servant in fear of death; Snow Wolf also tell Kunlun no one is capable to cross over the Veil. Wuhuan lures Guangming back to the palace and has him imprisoned. He places Guangming, Kunlun and Qingcheng on trial for regicide and has the liberty to decide on their punishments; in the middle of the trial, Kunlun confess he kills the King and Qingcheng realized he was the man who save her. Guangming, Kunlun and Qingcheng are sentenced. The captives break free and engage Wuhuan in a final battle, when Wuhuan confess to Qingcheng he is the kid who Qingcheng stole the food; Wuhuan and Guangming are killed after the battle, but Kunlun dons Snow Wolf's immortality robe and he survives despite having been fatally wounded. The goddess Manshen appears when Kunlun and Qingcheng are traveling across the Veil of Time and tells Qingcheng that the promises between gods and humans are fragile like the normal ones; now then she has finally found her true love and the opportunity to choose again and Manshen tells her to choose wisely. The movie ends with Qingcheng as a girl walking like the beginning of the movie."] ["{{see}} The film is set in ancient China, probably during the period of the Sixteen Kingdoms, when China was divided into a number of rival kingdoms. The state of Yan, founded by the Murong tribe of the Xianbei nation, has long been a target of attacks by the Zhao. Princess Fei'er of Yan becomes the new ruler after her father is killed in battle, with general Murong Xuehu assisting her in defending their kingdom from invasion. Yan Huba, nephew of the deceased king and a treacherous minister in Yan, schemes to take the throne and he sends his men to assassinate the princess. Fei'er survives the attempt on her life but is seriously injured. She is rescued later by a mysterious hermit named Duan Lanquan and lives with him for a period of time until she recovers. The two of them develop romantic feelings for each other during that period of time. However, she ultimately must decide whether to fulfill her duty to her kingdom or follow her heart.<ref namehttp://www.yesasia.com/us/an-empress-and-the-warriors-2008-dvd-taiwan-version/1014063426-0-0-0-en/info.html|titleyesasia.com|accessdate http://web.archive.org/web/20090307134257/http://www.yesasia.com/us/an-empress-and-the-warriors-2008-dvd-taiwan-version/1014063426-0-0-0-en/info.html| archivedate no}} Fei'er chooses to returns to Yan later and succeeds in resolving the conflict between Yan and Zhao. However, Huba is still plotting to take the throne and he leads his men to kill Duan Lanquan and Murong Xuehu. On the verge of danger, Fei'er manages to kill Huba personally and puts an end to Huba's evil plans, while restoring peace by maintaining good relations with the other kingdoms."] ["Jin Fei, played by Ti Lung, known as the King Eagle, stumbles into conflict within the Tien Yi Tong when he falls in love with the clan's 7th chief, Yuk Lin, played by Li Ching."] ["Eagle Chief Yoh Xi-Hung  recruits and raises orphans to be his personal army of ruthless killers. One such orphan, indoctrinated by Yoh Xi-Hung, is Chik Ming-sing . Chik soon becomes one of Chief Yoh's top killers as he relishes engaging opponents in combat whenever the bandits go on a raid. However, after one particularly rough heist, Chik begins to have second thoughts about his criminal lifestyle. This is further complicated when he is taken in and nursed back to health from wounds received in battle by a kind family. Chik realizes that there is an alternative to his violent, murderous lifestyle. He learns that he can live a peaceful, nonviolent way of life with a wife and family if he so chooses. Chik meets up with a stranger while on the run. The stranger, Cheuk Yi-fan , secretly carries hidden wrist knives and is obsessed with hunting down his enemies for revenge for the murder of his wife and family. Chik Ming-sing is suspicious of the msyterious Cheuk, even when Cheuk does not hesitate to help him kill the other Eagle Clan members who are chasing him for leaving the bandit clan. Not knowing that Cheuk Yi-fan is the son of the family Chik and the other Eagles robbed and murdered, Chik Ming-sing confesses his evil doings to him one evening. Chik reveals that he has vowed to change his ways after that incident by killing Eagle Chief Yoh and the entire bandit clan. He also reveals that he is searching for the husband of the woman he killed so that he can die at his hands to atone for Chik's crimes. Cheuk decides to accompany Chik to Eagle headquarters, but Eagle Chief Yoh recognizes Cheuk's and reveals his true intentions to Chik. When Chik asks Cheuk why he did not take his revenge on Chik, Cheuk reveals that what he wanted was to know the whole story, and that he and Chik should join forces to defeat their common enemy Chief Yoh. After attempting to manipulate both fighters to turn on one another, the two heroes decide to put aside their differences to finally end the murderous reign of the Eagle Clan. Once Chief Yoh is defeated, Chik tells Cheuk that he is ready to accept his punishment. Cheuk tells Chik that all his enemies are now dead and begins to walk away. Chik attacks Cheuk to force him to kill Chik. He tells Cheuk that if he doesn't get his revenge now, then the spirit of his pregnant wife and unborn child would never know peace. The final scene of the film show Cheuk looking over the graves where his family is laid to rest. A new headstone can be seen where Chik's remains have also been placed at the burial site."] ["The story begins with the exile of a young boy who grows up to meet his destiny as a great warrior. After his father, a Han loyalist and hero, is betrayed by the Emperor and sentenced to death, Yuan Chengzhi is spirited away to the reclusive master of the Lung Yau school of martial arts. Having grown into a righteous young man of considerable martial skill, Yuan sets out on his own. He discovers the hideout of a long-dead martial arts master known as Golden Snake Xia Xueyi and lays claim to his buried martial arts manual, sword, and collection of darts. He also discovers the whereabouts of a lost treasure and instructions to deliver a portion of it to a certain woman. Cheng-chih sets out to find her in order to honor the dead man's wishes and ends up meeting a spoiled and not-so-cleverly disguised young woman posing as a man named Wen Qingqing. It's enough to fool the naive Yuan Chengzhi, who befriends Wen after she takes a liking to him. She brings him into her household, which is home to a wealthy clan of martial artists known for their mastery of the Five Element Array. Yuan's stay grows unsettling, first when jealous quarreling sparked by his presence erupts between Wen and her cousin. Things get a lot more complicated when a trio of angry martial artists storm the household and accuse Wen of theft. It turns out that they are members of Yuan's school and just as the situation threatens to turn into a full-scale battle, he intercedes in order to find a peaceful solution. As a result of his intervention, Yuan's skills draw the attention of the master of the house, who recognizes the kung fu techniques of his arch-enemy. As hidden truths about the Wen clan and their dark part are revealed through flashbacks, Yuan finds himself forced to fight their infamous Five Element Array in order to complete his quest and escape in one piece."] ['Dragon Nine, an imperial detective, is on his way back after concluding the case of the Thief Ghost. He encounters "Sword Saint" Yeh, who asks him to tell "Sword Deity" Simon to meet him for a duel on the night of the full moon at the highest rooftop of the Forbidden Palace. News of the upcoming duel between the two greatest swordsmen spread like wildfire and attract much attention, with people starting to place bets on the final outcome. The Emperor sends Dragon Nine and Princess Phoenix to stop the duel from taking place and investigate whether it is a mask for any sinister plots.'] 