["A group of teenage girls spends the night in an old dark mansion as an initiation into a college sorority. What they don't know is that the building is actually the headquarters for a mad scientist and his hunchbacked assistant, who are experimenting with turning humans into gorillas."] ['Unable and unwilling to live apart from his girlfriend, Andy  has decided to move from the UK to the United States, so that he can be near Rebecca  while she studies medicine at university. He meets Cassian Marsh , who persuades him to approach the Omega fraternity where Marsh is the leader. Following a typical fraternity initiation, Andy is offered a place in the Omega house and readily accepts. He then notices a suspicious looking old man  hanging around the campus and the stranger warns him that the brotherhood are hiding a dark secret: Marsh is part of a Voodoo Cult and that remaining at the fraternity could be dangerous. Andy decides he is just a crazy old man; but, as events unfold, it seems that Marsh is just using the Frat house as a front in order to practice voodoo along with his zombie friends.Voodoo, 1995, VHS, Planet Productions.Voodoo [1995], Buried Sci-Fi Database, 16 October, 2008.'] ['In 2008, terrorists developed a biological weapon called "Blizz". They used this weapon in local weather patterns in the United States. As it falls from the sky, it will instantly burn any living thing it touches. At her seventh birthday party, young Peggy  watched as her friends were killed by Blizz. Ten years later, America has been ravaged by the effects of World War III. The death count continues to rise in this dark and bleak future and some states simply no longer exist. Peggy  is now a teenager, ignorant of the world outside of her mother\'s diner. She has lost both her father and her sister, Anna, and now depends on her mother, Kate . One day, Peggy meets biker and drug addict Jak  and his two "friends", junkies Boxx ([[Ryan McDonald  and Celia . The three are into some shady dealings with a nightclub called The Doom Room, located in the town of Muskeet. Kate warns Peggy that "everything the people of Muskeet do is a goddamn trick", and although she\'s afraid to disobey her mother, Peggy sneaks out with Jak in the middle of the night to the Doom Room with Boxx and Celia. Muskeet, as it appears, is completely ravaged and the home to ravagers, sociopathic bikers, and teenagers. The Doom Room is a heavy metal bar run by an MC . As Peggy and Celia watch the band Decree perform, Boxx and Jak go behind the stage to perform a business deal with the MC. They provide him packets of blood. The MC promises that he will pay them if their product is good enough for the next "performance". If not, he\'ll make them eat it.  At that point, Peggy witnesses what the performance is. The MC has collected victims of Blizz who suffer from a medical abnormality where they still stand even after they\'ve died. This condition was first discovered in the battlegrounds of the war. They are then pumped with blood and forced to dance, and those who don\'t move are shocked with electric prods. Peggy watches in horror as the MC brings out her own sister, Anna . When Anna falls off the stage, Peggy and Jak take her away from the Doom Room, to be followed by the MC and one of his goons. Peggy and Jak meet up with Kate, who has tracked them to Muskeet. The MC sheds some light on how he came to "own" Anna. When she was still alive, Anna was just like the other teenagers in Muskeet, and Kate was sick of having to drag her out of the Doom Room every weekend. Then Anna overdosed on drugs, so Kate decided to sell her to the MC, although she was apparently still alive. Kate is beaten down and tries to explain to Peggy that she sold Anna because they had nothing. Angered at what her mother did, Peggy trades her for Anna. In the end, Peggy becomes another Muskeet style teenager, and watches as Kate\'s corpse is beaten with electric rods and forced to dance in the Doom Room.'] ['{{plot}} Sitting alone at a roadside bar in Arizona, Fred "Rabbit" Smith  drinks nervously. Two people named Jack La Roca  and Stephanie  enter the bar. Rabbit uses the restroom followed by Jack who handcuffs him. He reveals that he and Steph are Federal Marshals assigned to capture Rabbit and bring him to court in Los Angeles to testify against a mob boss named Benny who Rabbit used to work for. He was originally going to testify in exchange for full immunity but ran after learning the mob joined forces with the Russians. They are hunting him, too. Jack calls for a Suburban driven by four other marshals to pick them up before Benny and his mob arrive with heavy firepower. They leave out the back and battle the assassins until marshals; Nick, Marry, PT and Joe arrive between them. They manage to kill all assassins but Benny. Jack and Rabbit use Rabbit\'s car to escape in the same path as the other marshals . Jack manages to shoot Benny\'s tires out before leaving. PT complains to Steph about Jack, believing he isn\'t trustworthy. She tells him to focus on finding out where they are. Jack tries to find the roads they are using on the map but Rabbit tells him that the back roads are too old and don\'t have a place on the map except for his old guide. He reads him that a second highway exists next to Route 66 which leads faster to the California border. The road is Route 666 that was condemned after a prison road crew accident. Hearing the story, Jack has strange quick flashbacks of four prisoners digging a hole surrounded by law-enforcement. Meanwhile, Benny shoots a tourist and takes his Jeep. The marshals arrive at a deserted tourist attraction bordering Route 666 and see a restricted access sign. As Jack debates about using the road, he experiences more flashbacks and tells Steph that he was born around the area and his mother died when he was six and he hardly knew his father. Much to Rabbit\'s dismay, Jack kicks open the gates and the group drive onto it, Steph rides with Jack and Rabbit. Unknown to them, a county sheriff\'s deputy named Gill has been following them. He sees they went down Route 666 and requests for backup on the radio. His father, Sheriff Conaway, denies and tells him to leave the road. Gill ignores and pulls the two vehicles over. Jack and PT confront him and Gill abusively tells them the road is restricted. Jack shows him his badge and he leaves irritated. They drive along until they spot a cemetery along the road and stop there. Jack and Steph explore the graveyard, finding Jack\'s father, John La Roca\'s grave. PT sees the grave along with three others next to it are the graves of Miles Hackman, Frank Slater and Steven Pikowski. PT explains that all but John La Roca were infamous murderers from the 1960s. La Roca was a bank robber who quit robbing after marrying a woman in a small town and having a baby, Jack. After six years there was no more money for his family so he tried to rob a bank but was caught and thrown in the same prison as Hackman, Slater and Pikowski. PT suddenly realizes La Roca is Jack\'s father. They soon start to fight each other. Mary and Nick leave Joe to watch Rabbit while they go back into the Suburban and have sex. Behind Joe, Benny appears and fires at the two with a silenced gun. Before he can reach Rabbit Joe stabs Benny and takes his gun. Blood rushes out of Benny\'s back which suddenly attracts the decomposed walking corpses of Slater, La Roca, Pikowski and Hackman. They capture Joe and drag him to the road where they pound his back into the asphalt with a jackhammer. Rabbit hopelessly takes the silencer off the gun and fires at the zombies, alerting everyone else. The team battles the undead with no effect and they escape the area. Jack stays behind to slow the zombies and uses the stolen Jeep to escape but crashes. Jack wakes up in a cave next to a native, explaining that he found him and brought him here. He tells him that he us restore peace to the cursed road because haunted spirits still walk it. A confused Jack thanks the man and leaves. Nick leaves to smoke in the Suburban. He slowly falls asleep until Slater slams his fingers off with the car door and slams his head with a sledge hammer. He travels along the road until he sees the two vehicles with their tires melted at a ruined drive-in theatre and is reunited with the rest of the group. The group goes to check in on Nick while Rabbit stays handcuffed to a pole and stomps a Scorpion, exposing much blood. Rabbit turns around to see Pikowski\'s zombie swinging a pick axe at him and missing. Rabbit manages to pull the pole out and escape with Pikowski not following. He catches up with the group and sees that Nick is missing. Rabbit thinks and establishes that the zombies can only travel on the road and concrete/cement and they appear from underground. Jack spots an old telephone booth and successfully dials 911, connecting with Sheriff Conaway. Jack gives him the number of the Los Angeles Marshal’s office and tells him to call the office and request backup. He agrees and hangs up. After four hours of waiting, Jack has another flashback and sees his father, Slater, Hackman and Pikowski working on a road when Hackman pulls out a knife and attempts to escape while John hides under a machine and tries to stay away from the trouble. The escape fails and the unseen police office in charge makes them start digging a large hole. Hearing sirens, they spot Sheriff Conaway along with his deputies, Tim and Gill. Jack and Rabbit go to the bathroom stall while Conaway and his officers hold everyone else at gunpoint. Conaway demands to know where Jack is; only hearing that Jack is dead. Conaway shoots Mary in order to make PT tell them that Jack and Rabbit are in the stall. Tim and Gil grab Rabbit who is wearing Jack\'s badge to confuse them and brings him outside. Jack draws Gil out and points a gun at his head when he enters his truck. They drive further away and Jack handcuffs Gil to the truck and breaks his nose. He begs for him to not stay on the road, stating the zombies kill anything on the road. Jack asks why when the four zombies rise again and start approaching. Gil uncuffs himself but is too late as they knock him down and kill him with the jackhammer. Jack drives back and Conaway goes to the truck thinking Gil is in it and PT fights Tim who drops his shotgun but is able to shoot PT in the stomach with his pistol. Rabbit picks up the shotgun and shoots Tim. Jack punches Conaway multiple times and restrains him to the SUV. Conaway starts bleeding and asks where his son is. Jack doesn\'t reply and Conaway slowly realizes that the zombies put him in the road. He explains that they travel under the road and feed on blood to stay strong or they are unable to rise from underground and that blood awakens them. Jack wonders how Conaway knows so much about the zombies and has a final flashback. It is night and we see that the unseen boss is Sheriff Conaway whom the prison warden put in charge of the gang. Though La Roca didn\'t assist in the attempted escape, he is knocked unconscious and thrown into the hole dug by the three others. Conaway and his men open fire at the convicts in their legs, keeping them alive and preventing them to move out of the hole. Conaway plans to tell the warden that there was an accident and the convicts were caught under the roller. He starts the steam roller and buries the four men alive. Conaway and his thugs learn about the zombies return and they were killing anyone whoever set foot on the road to cover up the crime and the zombies. Jack finally realizes this and continuously yells and brutally punches at Conaway. Conaway begs him not to be in the road. Suddenly, the zombies arrive. They pin Jack down and Conaway tries to enter the SUV but Rabbit knocks him out. He and Steph are unable to kill the zombies by gunfire as the jackhammer is brought up. Jack looks at John and yells with sympathy that he is his son. After seconds, John suddenly snaps and pushes the jackhammer into Slater\'s stomach, destroying his spirit and body. He then kills Hackman with the jackhammer which stops working. Pikowski hits John multiple times with the hammer until he looses too much blood energy. Jack cuts his hand with a knife and embraces it into his father\'s hand. With enough energy, John thanks his son and chokes Pikowski, killing him. John tears off his dog tag and gives it to Jack. John is then able to walk onto the dirt and crosses the afterlife into Heaven, finally lifting the curse on Route 666. Conaway emerges from the SUV and he was going to shoot them until Jack, Steph and Rabbit shoot him everywhere. He falls barely stable to the ground and has an unseen vision of an even larger steam roller  coming towards him. He shoots at it with no effect and it crushes him. Jack, Steph and Rabbit walk alone along Route 666 to head to the Arizona/California border as Jack finally pieces together what the native said to him. With Sheriff Conaway and his thugs dead Route 666 is now peaceful once more. Jack, Steph and Rabbit walk along the sunset and they know that the curse has been finally lifted.'] ["A meteor strikes a houseboat in the swamps near a southern town, causing the people on the houseboat to become zombies. The zombies feed on the alligators in the swamp and when they run out of alligators, they start going for the citizens. When the people start to disappear, a local scientist tries to figure out what's happening and how to stop the zombies from killing more people."] ['On July 3, 1984 at 5:30PM EDT, at the Uneeda medical supply warehouse in Louisville, Kentucky, a foreman named Frank tries to impress the company\'s newest employee, Freddy, by showing him military drums that accidentally wound up in the basement of the building. The drum contains the remains of an army experiment gone wrong that inspired the film Night of the Living Dead. Frank accidentally unleashes the toxic gas inside the barrel. Frank and Freddy discover that the body inside of the tank has disappeared, believing it to have probably melted. The gas reanimates a corpse inside a meat locker, forcing Frank and Freddy to call upon their boss and warehouse owner Burt Wilson to help them deal with the situation. When the three fail to kill the walking cadaver by damaging its brain and decapitating it, Burt decides to bring the zombie to the nearby mortuary to have its dismembered parts burned in a gambit to destroy it once and for all. Meanwhile, Freddy\'s friends learn of his new job from Tina, his girlfriend. The group, consisting of Spider, Trash, Chuck, Casey, and Scuz, decide to pick Freddy up after he finishes his shift. Arriving two hours before Freddy leaves his job, the group, along with Suicide, their driver, go inside the nearby graveyard to wait for him to finish. Tina leaves the cemetery and enters the warehouse when the hours pass to find her boyfriend, not knowing he left for the mortuary. Her search brings her to the basement, where he is still nowhere to be found. Just as she is about to leave, she is suddenly ambushed by the zombie from the tank, who was initially thought to have dissolved. After a failed attempt to run away, she manages to lock herself inside a closet to prevent it from getting to her, but the zombie finds a chain and winch and tries to pull the door off. At the mortuary, Burt has Ernie, the mortician, burn the zombie in his retort until nothing remains. Unknown to them, this causes the deadly gas to contaminate the air and bring forth a toxic rainfall. The acid rain forces Freddy\'s friends to return to Suicide\'s convertible, but when the car fails to start and the roof begins to leak, they take refuge in the warehouse. Inside, they hear Tina\'s crying and they rescue her from the zombie and barricade the basement door, though Suicide is killed during the rescue attempt. Because Casey witnessed Freddy entering the mortuary, the group makes a run through the cemetery to find Freddy. Inside the graveyard, they discover the dead rising from their graves. The shock of this sight results in the group getting split up. Only Spider, Tina, and Scuz make it to the mortuary, while Trash is killed by zombies, ironically fulfilling what she said would be the worst way for her to die. Chuck and Casey flee back to the warehouse. Frank and Freddy have grown increasingly ill from their exposure to the gas and a medical test from paramedics implies that they are no longer alive. When Burt and Ernie learn of the dead rising from their graves, they quickly barricade the mortuary after Ernie is attacked and chased back to his building when he tries to use an ambulance to escape. Scuz is killed while protecting the barricade and the zombies eat the paramedics and police who arrive at the mortuary. With Frank and Freddy showing signs of becoming zombies themselves, Burt has them locked in the chapel. Tina, however, refuses to abandon Freddy and allows herself to be locked in with him. Freddy soon attempts to eat Tina, but is stopped by Burt, Ernie, and Spider. In the ensuing struggle, Ernie manages to blind Freddy with acid and lock him back up. Frank manages to escape during the chaos, and, still having control over his mind, commits suicide by self-immolation in the retort. While Freddy breaks through the door holding him, Burt sees a police car outside with the motor still running. Along with Spider, he manages to get inside the car, but the large number of zombies forces him to abandon Ernie and Tina. Ernie brings Tina and himself up to his attic, while the blinded Freddy attempts to break in. Burt crashes the police car outside of the warehouse, and an explosion caused by a gasoline leak destroys the remaining cars outside. Burt and Spider manage to get back inside the warehouse where they find Casey and Chuck. After incapacitating Tarman by decapitating him, the survivors enter the basement, where the building\'s phone is located. With the police being massacred by the zombies, Burt decides to call the number on the military drums. The call goes to Colonel Glover, an Army officer looking for the barrels. When Glover learns that "the Easter eggs have hatched," he activates a containment protocol that results in the destruction of 20 square blocks of Louisville by a nuclear artillery shell. The film ends with footage of the disaster area, along with a voiceover from Glover describing the outcome as optimal  while dismissing the new reports of skin irritation by saying "the rains should wash everything away" in time for the President\'s impending visit to the area.'] ['Drex Greene  accepts a pill from a stranger and proceeds to wake up in a bathtub after being under water for over fifteen minutes. His roommate, Matt , films the happenings from there, which involve morgues, a cute med student named Cassie , detective work, and an unknown stalker.{{cite web}}'] ["Waldemar Daninsky is sentenced to be executed along with Elizabeth Bathory and a number of witches. Since it is nearly impossible to truly kill him, he is left in a kind of living death, with a silver dagger through his heart and an iron mask to keep him from biting. Centuries later, the dagger is removed and Daninsky returns to activity, fighting against a revived Elizabeth Bathory and her demonic manservant. This was Naschy's favorite Hombre Lobo film according to interviews. The film had a much larger budget than previous Naschy werewolf productions."] ["The film opens at a top secret chemical research facility called Hope Center #1 where a chemical leak in one of the modules at the facility turns the entire staff into flesh-eating zombies. The movie then shifts to an unnamed European country with a four-man team of commandos led by Lt. Mike London  being deployed to eliminate a group of terrorists who have taken hostages inside a large building. The unknown terrorists are demanding the closing down of all the Hope Centers, which both the government and the military deny the existence of, and the press, under orders of the local authorities, do not make any public announcement to the terrorists' demands or any mentioning of Hope Centers. After pumping tear gas into the building, Lt. London and his three commandos burst into the room where the terrorists are and kill them all. Once the mission is completed, the team is flown to Papua New Guinea due to communication being lost with Hope Center #1, presumed due to terrorist action. They soon meet journalist Lia Rousseau  and her cameraman, who are investigating a series of mysterious and violent attacks on the local native population. After encountering some of the natives, the group come under attack by hordes of flesh-eating zombies which attack the native village, killing and eating all the living people they come into contact with. Over the course of the movie, the four military men and two journalists travel through the New Guinea jungle in the commando's jeep, trying to survive while evading increasing numbers of flesh-eating zombies. Midway through the film, the group takes refuge in an abandoned plantation, only to come under attack from the zombie residents who kill and eat one of the commandos, forcing the surviving group to flee. Eventually, Rousseau and London's men battle their way to a beach where they take a raft and finally arrive at Hope Center #1, where they find all of the workers either dead or roaming the facility as zombies. Rousseau and London finally learn about the experimental chemical that was accidentally released which kills people and turns them into zombies. Rousseau learns from the papers left behind in the offices that the chemical, coded as 'Operation Sweet Death', had been intended to curb the Third World population by driving them into preying on each other. In the end, however, neither London's team nor the two journalists make it out alive as the zombies attack them from all directions, and they are all killed. The final scene has a group of zombies attacking a couple in a city park where it grimly implies that the contagion has now spread to the developed world."] ['After Father William Thomas  hangs himself in a cemetery, the gates of Hell are opened. Zombies with the abilities of super strength, teleportation and levitation appear and start killing off people in a remote town. Psychic Mary Woodhouse  appears to die of fright during a seance, and is buried – only to revive, buried alive, in her own coffin. Investigating reporter Peter Bell , who is intrigued by the case, is present at the grave-site and rescues her – only to learn it is all fated as part of a prophecy in the Book of Enoch. The death of the priest is only the beginning, and they both must travel to the rural town of Dunwich, New England and close the portal to Hell before All Saints Day, or the spirits of the dead will overtake the earth.'] ['Before his capture, Geronimo had cursed white men, causing people to become zombies. Later, at a house in a small town a man named Ben Goodman  acts suspiciously and attacks and eats his wife and daughter\'s brains. Luke , a cowboy living in the town, plans to marry a saloon girl. On arriving at the saloon to propose to her, he encounters Elmer Winslow , who has just arrived in town, and discovers that his "princess" is a prostitute. He picks a fight with Elmer until Sheriff Claypool , who owns the saloon, jails them and steals $500 which Elmer is carrying. In the adjacent cell is Ben, awaiting his hanging the next morning. Elmer and Luke escape and lock Deputy Cletus  in the cell, where he is bitten by Ben. Luke and Elmer find the sheriff and the prostitute having sex. They steal all the sheriff\'s money and make a getaway. When the sheriff releases Cletus from the cell he is bitten by him. The next morning hang Ben and assemble a posse to pursue the two fugitives. Luke and Elmer are ambushed in their sleep by Sue , Geronimo\'s niece who was kidnapped and taken to New York to be educated and has now returned to take her revenge on the soldiers who killed her uncle. After a difficult start they become friends, despite Elmer revealing that he is an army deserter. Sheriff Claypool and Cletus, now zombies, attack the other members of the posse, who also become zombies. They are ambushed by Elmer, Luke and Sue, who realise they cannot be killed and flee. Meanwhile, the townspeople cut Ben down from the gallows, not realising that hanging cannot "kill" him. He attacks the townspeople. The town\'s minister  manages to escape by locking himself in an upstairs room at the saloon, now besieged by a horde of zombies. The following morning he climbs out of the window to get water, but is pursued by zombies and bitten by the prostitute. Elmer, Luke and Sue are captured by soldiers, former colleagues of Elmer\'s , who take them to their fort on the edge of the Grand Canyon. There they discover that the posse has arrived first and turned all the garrison into zombies, who attack the party and also turn all the other soldiers into zombies. They discover they can kill the zombies by decapitation. During the night, while hiding in the fort, Sue reveals that the only way to be cured of the zombie curse is to eat the living flesh of the medicine man who created the curse. They shoot several cookware objects out of a homemade blunderbuss at the sheriff and the zombies to no avail. Elmer tries to punch First Sergeant Kermit in the mouth, but gets bitten by him. After destroying most of the zombies by blowing up the magazine, he becomes a zombie and throws Cletus off the cliff, before biting Luke. Sue kills Sheriff Claypool, but is then attacked by Elmer and Luke. The next scene shows Elmer and Luke looking normal again, after having eaten Sue\'s flesh. The "eating the living flesh" cure apparently also works for relatives of the person who created the curse. Sue apparently tasted like gingerbread. The duo ride off into the sunset as Cletus stands up and chases them. An epilogue shows Ben digging up his family, now zombies themselves, from the cemetery and the three of them  skipping into town.'] ['The movie features an elite team of soldiers, the "Zombie Squad", who have been enlisted by the government to deal with a growing epidemic of zombies, while scientists work towards a cure for the virus that creates them. The squad must also fight against a religious cult which wishes to protect and enable the zombies, believing them to be a punishment ordained by God. Many of the characters are named after people who have made their marks in the horror and zombie movie fields, such as "Savini", "Romero", "Raimi" and "King".'] ['The film begins with Simon  and Greg  planning to take a boat to an island rave party. They meet up with Alicia , Karma  and Cynthia . Karma has a crush on Simon, Simon has a crush on Alicia and Cynthia is Greg\'s girlfriend. When they arrive at the dock, they find the boat to take them to the island has already left. They hitch a ride instead with Victor Kirk  and his first mate Salish . A cop named Jordan Casper  tries to stop them since Kirk is a smuggler, but they leave anyway. Arriving at the island party site they find it a deserted mess. Alicia, Karma and Simon start searching for the others leaving Cynthia and Greg behind. The two start to making out in a tent, but Greg leaves to urinate. Left alone, Cynthia is killed by a group of zombies. Meanwhile, the others find an old house. Inside, they find Rudy , Liberty  and Hugh  who tell them zombies attacked the rave, killing everyone. The six go back to the rave site to get the others. Meanwhile, Salish is killed while walking through the forest. Everyone else meets up at the rave site. Cynthia shows up but she\'s become a zombie. She kills Hugh but is shot by Casper. They develop a plan to leave the island using Kirk\'s boat. But they find Kirk\'s boat overrun by zombies. Casper and Greg leave the group to go find help, but Greg is killed. Kirk later takes the group to a hidden box of guns. Once everyone is armed, they head back to the house. The front of the house is filled with zombies. Liberty and Casper are killed in the ensuing fight while the rest manage to make it inside. Kirk hears Salish whistling outside. He goes out and finds Salish as a zombie. Kirk then commits suicide by blowing himself up, opening the front of the house. The remaining four lock themselves in a lab, but the zombies break in. Karma finds a hatch in the floor. She, Alicia and Rudy climb down while Simon shoots a barrel of gun powder, blowing up the house, a lot of zombies, and himself. They find themselves in a series of tunnels. Making their way through the tunnels, Karma is killed by zombies as she holds them off so Rudy and Alicia flee. They\'re later captured by a man named Castillo "wearing Greg\'s face as a mask" who injected himself with immortality serum many years ago, creating the first zombie. Alicia and Rudy escape, blowing the tunnels up in the process, but they\'re followed by Castillo. Alicia gets into a sword duel with Castillo and he stabs her in the heart. Rudy decapitates Castillo, thinking the fight is over. But Castillo is still alive and his headless body begins to strangle Rudy. Alicia, who is barely alive, crushes the Castillo\'s head under her feet, finally stopping him. She then seems to die. Later, Rudy and Alicia are seen being rescued by a team of federal agents. Rudy reveals his last name to be Curien . The ending narration reveals that Rudy gave Alicia the immortality serum and that is why she is alive.'] ["There are 666 portals on Earth that connect this world to the other side which are concealed from human beings. However, there are some who are aware of their existence and are willing to open the gates to obtain the power of darkness. Somewhere in Japan exists the 444th portal known as The Forest of Resurrection. In 10th century Japan, a lone samurai fends off a horde of zombie-like samurai creatures. Though successfully vanquishing the zombies, the samurai is confronted by a mysterious samurai and his league of warriors. In an attempt to take out the mysterious samurai, the lone samurai charges full scale but is easily killed and defeated. However, before dying, the lone samurai spots an ally behind him, arriving too late to save him. In present day Japan, two Prisoners escape through a forest and meet up with a gang of Yakuzas. There, they wait for the Yakuza's leader who coordinated their escape. However, when Prisoner KSC2-303  see's a girl  that they kidnapped, he immediately becomes suspicious of what they plan to do with her. After a heated argument, Prisoner KSC2-303 kills one of the Yakuza members who immediately comes back to life as a zombie. This results in the other prisoner being killed and resurrecting as a zombie too. The zombies are killed and Prisoner KSC2-303 escapes back into the forest with The Girl. The Yakuza decide to disobey their orders to wait for their leader and find and kill Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Girl. Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Girl come across a man crucified to a tree. Prisoner KSC2-303 steals the dead man's clothes and is confronted by one of the Yakuzas. They engage in hand to hand combat while the other Yakuzas begin facing problems of their own. The corpses of all the men they have killed and buried in the forest come back to life and attack them. Prisoner KSC2-303 and the other Yakuza disband their fight to battle the zombies. Though victorious, the Yakuza were only able to keep them down for a while. With the horde of zombies growing, the Yakuza call upon three assassins to aid them in their mission. However, their leader, The Man  finally arrives and confronts them. Angered that they lost Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Girl, The Man means to kill his posse. However, the Yakuza and Assassins take the upper hand and kill him first. But The Man easily jumps back to his feet and turns the Assassins and Yakuza into his own minions. One of the Assassins manages to survive and escape The Man's vicious attack and find Prisoner KSC2-303. She begins attacking him, initially emerging victorious but knocked out by The Girl with a log. However, another Assassin arrives to battle Prisoner KSC2-303. Though losing at first, Prisoner KSC2-303 makes his victory when The Girl distracts the Assassin. Having survived the fight, The Assassin is confronted by The Man and killed. Prisoner KSC2-303 attempts to force The Girl to tell him what is going on, believing she's been hiding secrets from him the whole time. She only tells him that his destiny is to defeat him. Before explaining thoroughly, The Man finds Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Girl. The Man begins explaining to Prisoner KSC2-303 that they both and The Girl are reincarnations of past lives. The Man plans to use The Girl as a sacrifice to open the portal hidden in The Forest of Resurrection to obtain the power of darkness. Unable to accept his explanations, Prisoner KSC2-303 attempts to kill The Man but is killed himself instead. The Girl manages to reach Prisoner KSC2-303's body and feed him a part of her blood before being taken by The Man's minions. During his unconscious state, Prisoner KSC2-303 has a flashback of his old pre-incarnated self from the 10th century. He is the ally that was too late to save the lone samurai. He and The Girl, who is revealed to be a Princess, are confronted by the mysterious samurai who turns out to be The Man. Unwilling to let him have her, Pre-Prisoner KSC2-303 kills The Girl to stop him from obtaining the power of darkness. Enraged, The Man viciously kills Pre-Prisoner KSC2-303 and Prisoner KSC2-303 is awakened in the present with the truth fully revealed to him. The following morning, Prisoner KSC2-303 confronts The Man and his minions for a final showdown. Prisoner KSC2-303 takes on the minions first and wins, leaving only The Man left. Prisoner KSC2-303 loses the battle at first but finds his strength in the middle of battle and decapitates The Man. Prisoner KSC2-303 rescues The Girl and both make their escape from The Forest of Resurrection. 99 years later, the world is destroyed. Apparently on Prisoner KSC2-303's behalf. A protagonist reincarnation of The Man travels through a ruined Tokyo and confronts an antagonistic reincarnation of Prisoner KSC2-303, holding another reincarnation of The Girl hostage. Having longed to obtain the power of darkness, Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Man engage in battle one last time."] ['Thailand\'s leading health official, Public Health Minister Ratsuda, declares Thailand free of the SARS virus and that Thailand\'s superior technology and medical research will prevent the disease from occurring in the kingdom. However, far away in Africa, there has been an outbreak of a mutant Type 4 strain of the SARS virus, which causes sufferers to turn into bloodthirsty zombies when they die. A hornet carrying the virus from Africa is hit by an airliner and lands in Thailand. It flies into the open window of a farang driving a Volvo and stings the man on the back of his neck. The man becomes patient zero in the outbreak of SARS 4. He returns to his apartment building and infects others in his building. Among the zombified creatures is a giant Burmese python named Albert. Meanwhile, Catholic schoolgirl Liu is kidnapped by a gang led by a transvestite named Yai, who dressed as a sexy woman in a bikini and used a furry as a distraction. Liu\'s father, an influential businessman, does not wish to involve the police, so he turns to his old friend Master Thep. Thep, injured from his last outing, assigns his top student swordsman, Khun Krabii, to rescue Liu. Krabii soon finds himself at the building, where he finds Liu and attempts to rescue her, but is then stopped by Yai and his men, and then they encounter the zombies. Master Thep, sensing his student needs help, goes to the building, just as the Health Ministry has sent in some men, and a woman doctor, Dr. Diana, who for some reason is wearing bondage gear under her biocontainment suit. She has a trial vaccine that she hopes will cure the zombies, but instead only makes their heads explode. Thep attempts to use his magic sword, but its batteries are low and it does not function. Krabii and Liu have a romantic scene, and then they encounter a pregnant woman who has turned into a zombie and now her baby is zombie. The fetus flies out of her womb and bites Krabii, who turns into a zombie himself. He is so distraught that he tries to "kill" himself again by drinking household chemicals. In a stroke of luck, however, the combination of chemicals does not kill Krabii, but in fact cures him of the virus. Liu is eaten by the giant zombie python, and Master Thep saves her, and also retrieves some batteries from the snake\'s stomach, which had been swallowed earlier, so his sword works again. Then the building is set to explode – part of the containment plan by the health minister – but Master Thep has a remote control that stops the explosion. It is revealed that Liu is in fact the transvestite Yai, wearing a rubber mask, meaning that Krabii lost his virginity to a man. An animated backstory reveals how Yai found Liu\'s clothes. Later it is revealed through another animated segment that Liu survived the struggle with Yai, and that she and Krabii will live happily ever after.'] ["An infectious virus has spread worldwide, killing almost everyone. Two brothers, Brian  and Danny , along with Brian's girlfriend, Bobby , and Danny's school friend, Kate , are heading to Turtle Beach in the southwestern United States, a secluded beach motel where they believe they can wait for the viral pandemic to die out and so they can start a new life. On their way there, they meet a man, Frank , and his infected young daughter Jodie . After attempting to drive away from them, their car breaks down. The four end up returning to Frank in order to acquire his jeep, and are forced to take Frank and Jodie to a nearby high school where a serum for the pandemic is rumored to have been developed. Upon arrival they discover that the serum doesn't work, and the only doctor still alive is about to commit suicide with a remaining group of infected children . Meanwhile, Bobby is accidentally infected by Jodie while trying to help her when she coughs blood on her. She hides her infection from the others. Brian leaves Frank and Jodie behind and takes their car. After this, they stop at a golf course hotel. Despite Bobby's efforts to prevent it, Brian kisses her and inadvertently infects himself. The golf course is being used as a base by a small group of armed survivalists  who ambush and capture the group. After a tense Mexican standoff, they declare their intent to keep the girls. As they force the girls to disrobe to check them for infection, they discover Bobby's rashes and bruises and force them away at gunpoint. Kate stresses that they will end up dead if Bobby continues to travel with them, and Brian ends up leaving a weeping Bobby behind at a deserted gas station. They almost run out of fuel but encounter two women heading in the opposite direction to them. Danny asks for help, but they refuse. A desperate Brian shoots them for their fuel but not before one of the women shoots Brian in the leg. Brian later breaks down under the pressure of having to make all of the difficult decisions in order to keep everyone alive, and Danny discovers that his brother is also infected. At Brian's urging, Danny shoots Brian and burns his mask and infected body. Afterward, Danny and Kate reach Turtle Beach, but Danny realizes that without his brother the place that had seemed so special to them as kids is now empty."] ['{{Anchor}}  The movie begins with a scene showing a sleeping girl being menaced by a female vampire in her bedroom. The dream is abandoned when the sleeping girl wakes up screaming in the front seat of her father\'s forest green Jeep Cherokee. She then tells her father that she has had "the same dream again".  Jenny and her father, Travis, who is at the helm of said forest green Jeep Cherokee, are driving at a steady 5 miles per hour, to an undisclosed location. Suddenly there is an incident. Jenny yells out "DAD!" as the jeep proceeds to plow over a zombie dressed up like a roadside construction worker. The zombie\'s head goes flying skyward immediately following the impact, though its body still shows a head visibly attached. The audience is then treated to a techno rave ballad as the jeep fades from view, and the beginning credits roll.  A radio news reporter describes a recent and horrific epidemic of zombiedom that has swept the calm countryside of the once peaceful set of woods with one road and a gas station. The reports indicate that a symptom of said outbreak is "murder". They then pull up beside a stalled car with three occupants: an older woman and two younger women- one of whom is bound and gagged. Ignoring the bound and gagged girl, Travis gives the other girl a lift. This girl is possibly a vampire named Carmilla, or possibly not. This is followed by a very long sequence at a roadside gas-station in which a strange woman in gothic make-up (possibly a witch or [[Magician  hands them a necklace.  As the gas-station attendant  gets sucked into an orgy of violence at the hands of vampires/zombies, Travis, his daughter Jenny, and Carmilla drive off, only to break down further down the road. They are stranded for hours until a guy in a Land Rover drives up. As the driver is turning into a vampire, Travis kills him and uses some of his supplies to fix the jeep. He lets Jenny and Carmilla steal the Land Rover. As Travis drives ahead in the jeep, Carmilla and Jenny indulge in lesbian sex in the commandeered Land Rover. The destination is the original crypt Carmilla had been buried in. Flashbacks of a madhouse emerge, where Carmilla is revealed to be a nurse, and Jenny her insane patient. Later, they make their way to the crypt, where they encounter more zombies/vampires. After the true reality of the situation is revealed, they check into a motel. Bright-red stage blood flows in these gory and surreal scenes, which could be delusional or possibly flash-backs. There is also a vampire-hunter known as \'The General\' who may be pursuing them, or possibly, arranging a rendezvous, due to his daughter being kidnapped by a female colleague of Carmilla. The film ends with a spinning book and the words, The End.'] ['After the gruesome and mysterious murder of her father, Liz goes back home for answers. Only to be greeted by more questions and the horrible possibility that her mother may be the killer. Before Liz can comprehend everything going on around her, she finds that the murder was just a ruse to get her home and that she is the killer’s true target. Things get supernatural and quirky very quickly in this comedy horror. Highlights including a rapping zombie and a lesbian zombie being shoved into a closet.Plot Synopsis by Jason Buchanan AllRovi.com Amazon.com movie page This film is also noteworthy as being the directorial debut of Sean Weathers and it was also dedicated to his best friend and script supervisor Jahvaughn Lambert, who committed suicide before the film was finished editing.'] ['George  is taking a trip from his antique shop in Manchester to the Lake District to work on a new house with some of his friends. On the way, his Norton motorcycle is accidentally damaged by Edna  while reversing her Mini Cooper at a petrol station. He demands she give him a lift to his destination, while Edna, on her way to visit her troubled sister, asks to go to South Gate first, and to let George take her car to Windermere where she will later retrieve it. George agrees, but the two come to a dead end road alongside a river while searching for Edna\'s sister\'s house. George crosses the river on foot to a farm where several men from the Department of Agriculture are using an experimental machine in a field. While asking for directions, he inquires about their machinery, which they explain is designed to kill insects through ultra-sonic radiation. Meanwhile, while Edna waits at the car, she is attacked by a man who emerges from the river, but he disappears after she reaches George. Night falls, and Edna\'s drug addict sister, Katie West , is getting into argument with her photographer husband, Martin  about her sister\'s impending arrival. Martin goes down to a waterfall near their remote cottage to take photographs, and Katie is attacked by the same man whom Edna had encountered earlier. Katie runs to the waterfall to get Martin, where the man kills him. Katie frantically runs up the hill back to the cottage, where Edna and George have just arrived. When the three report the death, the aggressive police sergeant thinks that Katie did it. George, forced to stay in South Gate, secretly takes the roll of film from Martin\'s camera to a local chemist to have it developed. Meanwhile, they book into the Old Owl Hotel. Katie has a breakdown and is hospitalised. At the hospital, it turns out that babies are affected too, biting people with homicidal intensity. Back at the chemist\'s, they collect the photos, but the dead man does not appear in any of the pictures; the man, it turns out, is a local vagrant who drowned in the river. The sergeant arrives and takes photos and, when the couple leaves, sends one of his officers, PC Craig , to trail them, but he loses them. They go to the graveyard and in a room in the chapel find a half-eaten meal. Following noises to a crypt, they come across a murdered man and are locked in by the vagrant zombie, who brings the other bodies to life by touching their eyes with his blood-stained fingers. The pair manages to make a hole they can escape from and Edna does, only to find herself in a pit while the zombies have hold of George\'s feet. Meanwhile PC Craig turns up and helps Edna out of the pit. George manages to get free and follows them, with the zombies chasing all three of them. They lock themselves in a room but are trapped there, and Craig soon finds that his gun is of no use against the zombies. He makes a dash for the police radio he has dropped outside but is caught by the zombies who tear his chest apart and eviscerate him, and begin eating his organs. The dead break into their room and in desperation George throws a lit oil lamp at them. It smashes and the zombies quickly burst into flame. The two escape to their car and Edna is sent off to tell the police. George plans to use the unmarked police car to go and smash the machine but it has no key so he runs off. At the machine, the farmer and two machine men do not believe George and reveal that the machine is now working up to a five miles radius. They try to stop him, but he smashes the machine and they drive off to get away from "the mad man". The sergeant has found Craig and the caretaker\'s bodies, and thinking they may be devil worshippers, issues orders "to shoot to kill" George and Edna. He is then told that George has deliberately wrecked the machine. Edna has arrived at her brother-in-law\'s farm only to be met by Martin, who is now a zombie, but she manages to run over him as she escapes. George finds her, drops her off at a petrol station and drives off with a large can of petrol. George is caught in a police trap and Martin\'s body is taken back to the hospital. In a field, the machine is repaired and switched on again, which brings to life a number of bodies in the nearby morgue. George escapes in a police car and finds Edna has been taken to the hospital, where the local morgue is. She is being sedated while George is now being chased by the police as he drives to the hospital where the zombies are now killing people, including Katie who as a zombie tries to kill her sister. George arrives and starts setting fire to zombies but it turns out that he was too late to save Edna and as she suddenly attacks him, he pushes her into a room, which is now burning. George is then shot four times by the over-zealous police sergeant. Everything is over as far as he is concerned now and the sergeant heads to a room at the hotel in South Gate for the night. After shooting him down in cold blood, the sergeant wishes he would come alive again so he could shoot him again. He gets his wish as zombie George is waiting for him in his room, but now bullets won\'t stop him. In a field nearby, the machine continues working.'] [" Alice clones  attempt to kill Albert Wesker  at his base in Tokyo. Wesker escapes and destroys the base, killing all of the clones. However, the real Alice boarded his aircraft beforehand. Wesker uses a serum to remove all of Alice's powers before the lack of a pilot makes the aircraft crash. Alice somehow survives the crash while Wesker seemingly perishes. Six months later, Alice travels back to North America in an airplane following emergency broadcasts from a safe haven known as Arcadia in Alaska . En route to Alaska, Alice is attacked by Claire Redfield ; after the attack, Alice destroys the device controlling Claire  and discovers Claire has amnesia. The two travel to the ruins of Los Angeles in a Yak-52 plane, where they find a group of survivors living in a prison surrounded by the infected. Luther West , leads the small band which includes Wendell , Crystal Waters , Bennett  and Kim Yong , Angel Ortiz , and Chris Redfield , who is a prisoner under lockdown in the facility. With their help, Alice lands her plane on the roof of the prison and learns that Arcadia is not a fixed place but actually a cargo tanker traveling along the coast. Alice and the survivors decide to find an alternate means to make it to the Arcadia. Chris reveals he's Claire's brother, insisting he is not a prisoner but actually a soldier who fell victim to a cruel joke by some escaped prisoners; he claims to know an alternate route. While in the shower, Alice is attacked by a group of Majini infected that managed to tunnel into the prison. Wendell, who was trying to peep on Alice, is taken away/eaten by the zombies. Alice, seeing as they are out of options, decides to set Chris free and leave the prison. Chris reveals that the prison keeps an armored car that can be used to escape. However, a giant axe-wielding monster begins breaking down the gate outside. To overcome the problems, Alice, Chris and Crystal go deeper into the prison to retrieve additional guns from the armory; Luther and Claire attempt to reinforce the gate to keep the Axeman and other zombies at bay. As Alice, Chris and Crystal make it to the armory, zombies swarm them, overpowering and devouring Crystal. Angel informs Bennett and Yong that the vehicle is missing its engine and it would take a week to fix. Panicking, Bennett shoots Angel, abandons Yong, and escapes with Alice's airplane. Below, the Axeman finally breaks down the gate, allowing the zombies outside to enter the facility. With no other choice, the group decides to use the zombie-dug tunnels to escape into the sewers. Yong is suddenly cut in half by the Axeman, whom Alice and Claire then face. Alice attempts to fight it first and it knocks her out; Claire then defends Alice and just before it kills her, Alice awakes and saves them both. The two meet back up with Chris at the end of the sewers but they lose Luther to a zombie who drags him back into the sewers. Alice and the Redfields commandeer a boat and board the Arcadia, discovering it's functional but abandoned. Claire suddenly regains her memory, and reveals Arcadia was an Umbrella trap to gather survivors to be used as test subjects. The trio begin releasing survivors, among them K-Mart . Seeing a trail of blood leading from an empty test subject container, Alice follows it deeper into the ship. As she expected, Alice finds Wesker, brought back by the T-virus. However, Wesker is constantly battling the virus for control of his body, something he believes could be pacified by fresh human DNA; the Umbrella staff fled Arcadia in terror. Wesker reveals he plans to eat Alice, the only person to bond at a cellular level with the T-virus and successfully retain control, hoping it will give him the control he needs. Chris and Claire arrive and attack Wesker while Alice battles two dogs and Bennett, who has allied himself with Wesker. Wesker easily overpowers Chris and Claire, but Alice is able to defeat both Bennett and Wesker with help from K-Mart. While leaving, they lock Bennett in the room with Wesker's corpse; Bennett is devoured by Wesker when he revives. Wesker then escapes in an aircraft, activating a bomb on the Arcadia. The plane explodes instead; Alice placed the bomb there, thinking it might be set off. Unbeknownst to them, a figure parachutes away from the explosion, while Luther emerges from the sewers, battered but alive. Alice resolves to turn Arcadia into a real safe haven and broadcasts a new message for any other survivors. Claire, Chris, K-Mart, and Alice soon see an approaching Umbrella assault helicopter squadron. During the post-credits scene in one of the helicopters, Jill Valentine , who went missing after Resident Evil: Apocalypse, is dictating the attack wearing the same mind control device used on Claire,End credits. which slightly glows at the end of the scene, thus setting up the events of Resident Evil: Retribution."] ['In the present, a plague breaks out and the infected have been transformed into zombies. The action starts 80 years after the initial outbreak. The western United States has devolved into a disconnected series of ghost towns overrun by zombies such as the Toar Zombie and the Little Girl Zombie, and the government is awarding bounties in exchange for the pinkies of the undead. Ryn survives and follows Remington with the aid of Hans Tubman , a foreigner who double crossed him, in order to retrieve the sack of pinkies he had earlier collected when the movie began.'] ['The story of Mutants is told in a non-linear fashion. Flashbacks telling the main story are framed by pieces of a conversation between government agent Marcus Santiago  and Colonel Gauge , the leader of Shadow Rock Securities International. At the beginning of the film, Santiago is seen briefing Gauge on his mission, which involved spying on the Just Rite Sugar Company, who are allegedly involved in some kind of plot involving an unethical Russian scientist as well as Shadow Rock Securities itself. A visibly shaken Santiago warns Gauge that Shadow Rock\'s leader, Colonel Briggs, is involved in the plot; however, once assured that Briggs has been detained and Gauge is now Shadow Rock\'s commander, he details his activities, which included planting wire taps and spying on the operations of Just Rite. Santiago berates himself for following his orders&nbsp;– to spy but not get involved&nbsp;– too closely, as he could have stopped the plan before it progressed to its current stage, which he claims could be the extinction of humanity. Prior to this, Just Rite security officials pursue an escaped girl, Hannah  through a seemingly abandoned mill, capturing and killing her before disposing of her body in a boiler. Just Rite CEO Braylon  meets with his security commander, Sykes  who informs him of the events at the mill. Braylon entrusts Sykes with cleaning up the situation, as some potential investors in his new sugar formula will be visiting the mill soon. It is revealed that Braylon intends to create a new type of sugar with an additive more addictive than crack cocaine and heroin combined, and to that end, he has hired Sergei  to conduct experiments in the mill. The men under Sykes\'s command were directed to abduct addicts and homeless people for Sergei\'s experiments, reasoning that nobody would be looking for such people if they disappeared. He is more enraged by Sykes\'s men accidentally abducting Ryan , the brother of Braylon\'s secretary Erin , in the course of abducting Hannah, than he is by Hannah\'s escape and death. It is revealed that previous batches of sugar devised by Sergei caused infections in their test subjects, and even though Hannah was previously designated "status clear," Braylon and Sergei are confident she was an anomaly, as no other subjects from the most recent batch became infected. Ryan and Erin\'s father Griff , a Just Rite security guard dealing with alcoholism following his wife\'s death, discovers strange shipments being made to a supposedly abandoned sugar mill&nbsp;– which is also being observed by Santiago&nbsp;– and learns that Braylon has hired Shadow Rock to guard it independently of his usual security team. Meanwhile, Erin begins receiving strange e-mails at her desk from a mysterious figure calling themselves "Cinderella." Apparently a mole within Just Rite, Cinderella first sends Erin financial documents showing money being spent on the abandoned mill, then a photograph of Ryan in his holding cell. Together, Griff and Erin realize that Ryan must be at the mill, and resolve to rescue him. Sergei makes an ominous discovery&nbsp;– the latest batch of sugar, which was shipped out when it was verified clear, actually is infected as well, with the infection manifesting three months after ingestion. Upon receiving this news, Sykes gives up on the plan and decides to call in Shadow Rock\'s extermination team. Sergei pulls a gun, but Sykes kills him. Erin and Griff infiltrate the mill by hiding inside a truck. While roaming around searching for Ryan, they encounter Sykes and prepare for a confrontation. However, Sykes reveals that he is Cinderella and joins them, escorting them to Ryan\'s cell. While they are reunited, Braylon escorts his potential investors around the mill, proudly showing them some of the test subjects. He explains while showing them one failed subject that the infection in the previous sugar batches attacks the victim\'s brain and breaks down their body, a point made clear when he shows them the longest-surviving subject, whose body has melted in many places. However, when Braylon opens the door of a subject he believes is "status clear," the subject is actually infected and attacks them. While one of Braylon\'s guards kills the infected subject, it is not before a security alarm is tripped that puts the entire mill on lockdown. This leaves Erin, Ryan, Griff and Sykes to escape through the ward where the most dangerous subjects are kept; meanwhile, Braylon and his investors escape and the investors flee, wanting no part of Braylon\'s plan. The Shadow Rock forces led by Gauge arrive at the mill and begin exterminating the infected. Erin, Ryan, Griff and Sykes manage to escape, but Sykes is shot and gets separated from the group in the confusion, and Ryan discovers that despite being "status clear" earlier, the boils characteristic of an infection have developed on his arm. Colonel Briggs  suddenly appears and begins killing Gauge\'s men after freeing the trapped Braylon. He ambushes Gauge and shoots him in the shoulder, and the two briefly exchange gunfire while discussing the internal coup Gauge staged against Briggs. Gauge gives up when his gun runs out of bullets and steps out, inviting Briggs to shoot him; however, Briggs discards his gun and rushes Gauge, allowing Gauge the chance to stab him in the stomach with his knife. Gauge then finishes the injured Briggs off with the bullet remaining in his gun\'s chamber. Ryan, Erin and Griff reunite with Sykes outside the mill, who reveals that he has rigged the entire mill with a self-destruct mechanism that he needs to be close to the building to activate. Revealing his infection, Ryan volunteers to drive the dying Sykes back into the mill. They successfully trigger the bombs before Ryan is killed by Shadow Rock\'s forces, and Braylon, watching his work go up in flames in dismay, is attacked and killed by an infected subject. Gauge, who escaped the explosion, salutes Griff and Erin for their work. He reveals Braylon\'s fate to them, then assures them that none of the infected subjects or sugar got out. However, in a final flashback, the last part of Santiago\'s transmission is revealed, in which he instructs Gauge to exterminate everything at the mill and then get ready to "go hunting." In an epilogue, people from all walks of life are seen consuming large quantities of Just Rite sugar. Everything appears normal until an elderly man being examined in a hospital appears to have the infection\'s boils on his body. As the doctor leaves the room, the view zooms out, revealing the entire waiting room filled with victims suffering from the infection.'] ['Vince ([[Stephen Graham  is depressed over his recent divorce. Six of his friends—Neil , Mikey , Graham , Matt , Patrick  and Banksy , all of whom have their own women problems—decide to take him on a "boy\'s weekend". They hire a minibus driven by Candy  to Moodley, a village where the women allegedly outnumber the men 4 to 1. Banksy misses the bus and travels to the town on his own. Arriving at the town, the boys find it quiet and surprisingly devoid of women. On the way back to the minibus, the men notice a hooded teenage girl Alison Carroll being attacked by a man in military uniform. They rush to her aid and in the confusion of the moment, the hooded teen takes the soldier\'s knife and stabs Neil. They run for the bus dragging the unconscious soldier with them but discover that Candy, their once-hot bus driver has already become infected. More infected women appear and begin to attack them as they retreat to a house owned by Mikey\'s grandmother. The soldier  admits that the town has been infected by a biological agent that turns women into man-hating cannibals. The men make another attempt to get on the bus, using the wounded Neil to lure Candy away. However two other infected women had joined her and chase the men back into the streets. They scatter about the village, hiding in a toy store, a clothes shop, and the butcher shop. Patrick gets trapped on a billboard. Neil runs into a house but is taken prisoner by a morbidly obese woman who cuts off his little finger and eats it. Neil eventually escapes and is joined by the others, after their own misadventures, in the local church. There they discover a military command center. Matt powers up the computers and they talk briefly to a local politician, Meg Nut . She had been involved in the distribution of the toxin disguised as biological washing powder. The soldier finds a control box and explains it is a sonar device designed to emit a high pitched sound that will stun the zombified women once they have evolved further into "Phase 2" monsters that are faster, more intelligent and weirder. The women so change but when the soldier uses the sonar device it is revealed to have stopped working. He is then killed by Mikey\'s grandmother, before Matt bludgeons the monster-nan to death with a golf club. Traumatized by what he has done, Matt walks off to \'cool it off\' and is killed by a "Phase 2" monster which had appeared from the basement of the Church. After finding a nest with woman feasting on the bodies of men in the basement, the men barricade themselves on the roof of the church as more zombies break in. Banksy eventually arrives at Moodley. Although at first he believes his friends to be high on drugs, he soon recognizes the seriousness of the situation and fetches a ladder to get them off the roof. Graham is then attacked by the morbidly obese woman. Banksy leads the surviving group to his vehicle—a small Smart car, definitely not big enough for all of them. As they all argue Patrick is attacked and dies a bloody death. Everyone else heads to the minibus, where Banksy is killed as Vince fights off Candy. Vince berates Neil and Mikey, who treat their women poorly but get away with it, while men like him and their dead friends treat women with respect, only to be discarded or killed. He resolves to be more like them. Before they can drive away, the voice of the still-alive Graham crackles over the walkie-talkie. As he makes his way out from the church Graham powers up the stun-device using a high-voltage power supply. With it now working, the men are able to stop the women in their tracks, however Vince inadvertently drops and breaks it. The infected are once again unleashed and, with the injured Graham in a shopping trolley, the four make a run for it, laughing.'] ['Fred Brown, a soldier, returns to Louisiana from the Vietnam war to find his wife  in bed with another man, and kills them both and his parents , only sparing his son. While he is cleaning his knife, a falcon attacks him and tears out his left eye and blinds him in the other. He ends up at a hospital where he says goodbye to the child before he is taken into foster care. Twenty years later, a small group of college seniors, Steve Porter , Mary , Paul , Anne , Rob , Jennifer  and a local cop, Brian , are assigned to locate the Green billed woodpecker, a rare species which will be officially extinct by 1992, four years after the current point of the movie. Steven and Anne meet with Fred Brown , who gives them a packet of information on the bird they’re searching for. The group makes the former home of Brown their “base” for as long as they’re searching, which turns up nothing on their first day other than a rotting corpse in an abandoned truck. Upon settling in the house, strange occurrences, such as doors closing on their own and Steve seeing things that aren’t there, begin. These become more prevalent as time goes by, including a nightmare where Brown kills Mary in a similar fashion to how he killed his wife. While exploring the aviary she discovered earlier, Jennifer is chased into a tool shed by a zombie, only to be beaten to death by another that was hiding in there. Brian is burnt to death in a freak accident caused by the fuel leaking from the generator. Mary, who suspects it to be the man in her dream who killed Jennifer, finds her corpse. The survivors make it to the camper only to realize that Brian had the keys. While Rob makes an attempt to hot wire the camper, a zombie attacks and kills Mary. They quickly abandon the camper to make a last stand in Brown’s house while Brown suffers a mild heart attack when he realizes what is happening. While trying to fix the generator, a door slams open and blows dust into the room, frightening Rob into running into the generator. His necklace is caught in the generator, and he is strangled to death when the wire cuts into his throat. Paul, who witnessed the whole thing and didn’t help Rob, tells Steve and Anne that it was the zombies who killed him. It is revealed by an email sent by Brown to Rob’s computer that Steve is the baby Brown spared twenty years earlier. A zombie breaks into the house, and nearly kills Anne, however Steve saves her at the cost of a shotgun he found. Steve, Paul and Anne hide in the attic, where a fourth zombie attacks and results in the death of Paul when he panics. In the morning, the zombies’ attacks have ceased, allowing Steve and Anne to escape the house, meeting Brown in the process. He tells them to get out and that the zombies were never after Steven and Anne, only those of their group that showed fear of them. The credits begin to roll as Steve and Anne look away in despair when they hear Brown’s scream emanate from the house. Their fates are not revealed.'] ["In a Cornish village during the mid-1800s, the inhabitants of the town are dying from a mysterious plague that seems to be spreading at an accelerated rate. Even the local doctor, Peter Thompson, cannot combat the disease. Alarmed, Thompson sends for outside help from his friend Sir James Forbes. Accompanying Sir James is his daughter Sylvia. In an attempt to learn more about the disease, Sir James and Dr. Thompson disinter the corpses that were recently buried. To their surprise, the men find all the coffins empty! Conducting further investigations on the mystery lead the doctors to encounter zombies walking near an old, deserted tin mine on the estate of Squire Clive Hamilton. Sir James is informed that the squire lived in Haiti for several years and practiced voodoo rituals, as well as black magic. This information leads him to research on the subject of the black arts. Later that evening, Squire Hamilton pays Sylvia a visit. Purposely, Hamilton manages to shatter a wine glass, and Sylvia happens to cut her finger on one of the sharp edges of the glass. Secretly, the Squire conceals a piece of the blood-stained glass into his coat pocket and departs. With a vestige of Sylvia's blood, Hamilton uses his voodoo magic to lure the heroine into venturing in the dark woods. She is led to the abandoned tin mine by an army of walking zombies for a voodoo ceremony that will transform her into one of the walking dead. While Thompson follows Sylvia to the mines, Sir James investigates the Squire's house and finds some small figures in coffins the Squire uses for his voodoo. After a struggle with one of the Squire's henchmen the room is accidentally set ablaze, Sir James barely managing to escape after threatening a servant who notices the inferno for information on the mine. He races to the mines to join Thompson, while in the mansion the figures in the coffins catch fire, causing their zombie counterparts to do the same and go crazy. Using the distraction caused by the burning crazed zombies Sir James and the doctor rescue Sylvia and flee from the burning flames as they listen to the anguished screams of Hamilton and his zombies; thus the plague is ended."] ['{{Plot}} Picking up where the first movie left off, the Tall Man and his minions attempt to take Mike , but Reggie  manages to save him after turning on the gas while the fireplace was on, blowing up the house. Six years later, the film introduces Liz Reynolds , a young woman with a psychic bond to Mike Pearson and the Tall Man that manifests in the form of prophetic nightmares. After she awakens from one, she looks at her dream journal, which includes drawings detailing characters and events from the first film; during this, she recalls a vision that picks up immediately where the first film ended: after the Tall Man\'s minions attacked Mike through his bedroom mirror, Reggie heard the commotion and ran upstairs to his aid. He tried to get a shotgun, but was attacked by Lurkers and had to flee, although he managed to surreptitiously snuff the pilot lights on the stove. Once upstairs, he dodged the Tall Man and rescued Mike, and the two dove out of the bedroom window to escape as the gas fumes reached the living room fireplace and destroyed the house. Following this, Liz pleads for Mike to find her, as she fears that when her grandfather dies, the Tall Man will take him. Having been institutionalized as delusional since the first film, Mike feels he can no longer ignore Liz\'s dream pleas, and fakes his recovery to obtain a doctor\'s release. At night, he returns to Morningside Cemetery to exhume bodies and is interrupted by Reggie who tells him that the attack at the beginning of the film never occurred. Mike reveals that the coffins he dug up are empty and urges Reggie to help him hunt the Tall Man down. En route to Reggie\'s house, Mike receives a vision of an impending gas explosion, and frantically tries to warn Reggie seconds before his house is consumed in an explosion, killing his wife Celeste, daughter Bonnie, and Aunt Marta. Mike\'s futile warning convinces Reggie that he is telling the truth and agrees to accompany Mike on his quest. They break into a hardware store at night and stock up on an abundance of supplies and tools to build weapons. They then travel the country roads, encountering abandoned towns and pillaged graveyards, as well as a few traps and apparitions the Tall Man has left. One of them is an apparition of a fully nude deceased young woman. The clues lead them to Perigord, Oregon. Meanwhile, Liz\'s grandfather has died and she accompanies her grandmother to the funeral with her sister Jeri, who leaves prematurely and mysteriously vanishes. While searching for her, Liz explores the mortuary and discovers an exhumed coffin, but before she can open it, the Tall Man surprises her and she runs away. The presiding priest Father Meyers  maddened with fear and alcohol withdrawal, desecrates the grandfather\'s body with a knife in a desperate attempt to thwart the mysterious occurrences he has witnessed. That evening, during a bout of drinking, the reanimated grandfather surprises him at his door and then spirits into the grandmother\'s bed before absconding with her. In the morning, Liz finds the empty bed and a funeral pin; the Tall Man psychically tells her to return at night if she wants to rescue her grandmother. Prior to their arrival in Perigord, Mike awakens to find that Reggie has picked up a hitchhiker named Alchemy  who eerily resembles the nude apparition. They find Perigord deserted and decrepit, and stop in an abandoned bed & breakfast before venturing out to the cemetery. Liz arrives at the mortuary to search for her grandmother, but is confronted by Father Meyers, who tries to rally her to escape with him but he is killed by a flying sphere. She encounters the Tall Man and discovers that her grandmother is now one of his Lurkers. As she escapes, she and Mike meet in the cemetery and return to the bed & breakfast, where they try to sleep. When a tripped alarm distracts them downstairs, the Tall Man captures Liz, knocks her unconscious and drives her away in his hearse. Mike and Reggie chase him in Mike\'s deceased brother Jody\'s car, but the Tall Man runs them off the road and the car explodes. At the crematorium, Liz slowly regains consciousness while being taken into the furnace room by the Tall Man\'s mortician assistants. She fakes unconsciousness by allowing the assistant to partially undress her and take her crucifix. She manages to fight off the mortician by sending him into an active furnace and escapes. Mike and Reggie break into the mortuary and venture into the embalming room. As Reggie pours hydrochloric acid into a tank of embalming fluid, Mike discovers that the Tall Man, having learned from his mistakes, has hidden his transdimensional portal  behind a heavy steel door. In lieu of a handle, there is a large round "keyhole" in the wall and Mike realizes that they must capture a sphere in order to access the room. They then split up to find Liz. Reggie searches the basement where he is attacked by a Graver, then four Lurkers; after a vicious fight, Reggie kills the giant Graver by cutting off his penis with a chainsaw and guns down the Lurkers. Mike saves Liz from a silver sphere but they are both attacked by the other mortician, who is defeated when the silver sphere pins his hand to a door and cuts off the hand in an attempt to escape another sphere. A golden sphere pursues Mike and Liz but instead kills the second mortician as he tries to catch them. Reuniting with Reggie, the three pry the mortician\'s severed hand off the door and carry the embedded silver sphere to the embalming room, where they insert it into the "keyhole" and open the metal door to the white room containing the portal. Reggie ignites the flamethrower to burn the building down, but the Tall Man surprises them, knocking Reggie down, throwing Mike into the portal, and carrying Liz to the embalming table. Reggie helps Mike climb back out, while the Tall Man prepares to embalm Liz alive with a giant probe; Mike pulls the silver sphere from the keyhole and attacks the Tall Man with it unsuccessfully. Liz gets free and stabs the Tall Man with the probe, and Reggie quickly activates the embalming machine, pumping the acid-contaminated fluid into him, causing him to melt. Reggie sets fire to the room and hallways and the trio are greeted at the back entrance by Alchemy, who has procured an abandoned hearse. They ride off with Mike and Liz in the rear compartment and Reggie and Alchemy in the driver\'s cabin. Reggie thanks Alchemy for coming back for them and tries to flirt with her until she gently plucks a section of hair and flesh from her head, revealing that she is not human. As Reggie screams, the hearse swerves wildly and Mike and Liz try to get out; the hearse stops and a bloody and battered Reggie hits the window before falling to the ground. As the hearse begins to drive away, Mike and Liz tell each other "this is just a dream" but the slot to the driver\'s cabin opens, revealing the Tall Man who tells them "No, it\'s not." Hands break the rear window and pull Mike and Liz through it, mirroring the ending of the first film.'] ['In a 1910 prologue, an unnamed missionary  was kidnapped by native Bokor  to be sacrificed under a full moon. The Bokor tied her between two posts, whipped her, then carried her to a stone altar where they decapitated her. The ceremony was interrupted, however, by soldiers who shot all the participants. Unnoticed in the melee, a Shedim  took possession of the woman. Years later, Professor Jonathan Grant  commanded a safari investigating the disappearance of elephants in West Africa. Amongst the explorers were a "great white hunter," Rod Carter , two blonde women , and a mulatto woman, Tunika . Elizabeth\'s father financed the expedition. They stumbled across the clearing where the natives had performed their Vodoun rituals, before being wiped out in colonial times. Carol decided to take some photographs of the altar for a magazine article. They decided to camp nearby. That night, Carol returned to the clearing to take some more atmospheric photographs. The former missionary, now dressed in leopard skins and with feline-like canine teeth/fangs, emerged from the surrounding jungle and subdued her. The long-dead Bokors, resurrected from their burial mounds, recreated the ceremony from the prologue. Carol was whipped and decapitated. The remaining Europeans searched for Carol the next day, but discovered only her camera. That night, Carol, now also dressed in leopard skins, joins the other leopard-woman. Together, they crept into the camp. The brunette killed Professor Grant and destroyed the photographs from Carol\'s camera which he had been developing. The distraught Liz had taken sleeping pills when no one could locate her friend, and was groggy when Carol appeared in her tent. "Elizabeth, it\'s me, your best friend Carol." "We thought you\'d been lost in the jungle..." "It\'s just as well. Come!" The two blondes left the camp and joined the other leopard-woman in the jungle. "You will be initiated immediately, and death will be abolished eternally!" Just as Liz realized what they were going to do, the two leopard-women plunged their fangs into her neck. In Liz\'s struggles, the original leopard-woman was knocked down and the choker she wore to fasten her neck together split. Her severed head rolled free and she perished as blood gushed from her neck. After another fruitless day of searching, Rod and Tunika made plans to depart. That night Carol was joined by the demon-possessed Elizabeth, also dressed in leopard skins, her new fangs gleaming in the moonlight. They abducted Tunika, took her to the ceremonial clearing and placed her on the altar, and used their sharp fingernails and fangs to bloody her. As they placed the leopard skins across her shredded flesh, Rod emerged from the jungle and shot them both. He tossed his ammunition belts into the ceremonial fire, and the random shots killed the resurrected Bokor. In the confusion, he picked up Tunika and carried her to a jeep. They made their escape, and Tunika told him she was "feeling much better already" in the breathy voice of the Shedim.'] ['The film opens, showing that Mya  is cheating on her husband Lewis  with a man named Ben . The lovers plan to escape from the city of Terminus on a train together that night, which is New Year\'s Eve. As Mya exits, Ben turns the TV on, showing a bizarre, psychedelic sequence of images. Mya begins to listen to a CD given to her by Ben, but is menaced by men who are acting strangely in a parking garage. When she reaches her apartment building, she finds people acting strangely as well. Unknown to Mya, the Signal, a static-like interference that is coming through the TV, radio and telephone amplifies each person\'s negative emotional traits, causing them to act irrationally and in most cases violently. Once inside her apartment, Lewis and two friends, Jerry and Rod  attempt to fix the TV, but Lewis, the first to react to the Signal, beats Jerry to death with a baseball bat over a minor argument. Mya escapes in panic, leaving Rod and Lewis in a struggle. After escaping, she finds the whole building in chaos with people killing each other. Mya hides out in the nearby apartment until morning. When she decides to leave and re-enter her home, she finds an unconscious Lewis, bound to a chair with duct-tape. He awakens only to see her leave him behind and exit into the hall listening to Ben\'s CD, but encounters Rod who drags her into a janitor\'s closet. He then tells her of the night he spent trying to survive in the apartment complex. It becomes evident that the Signal affects each person differently, and that there is the possibility that Rod is also crazy, though he seems to largely have control of his own judgement. Together, they escape, and attempt to drive to safety, but after being shot by a policewoman and almost left behind by Mya, Rod turns on the radio in anger, exposing himself to the Signal. He goes violently insane and attacks Mya, who crashes the car. Rod is incapacitated and trapped in the vehicle, and Mya flees, telling a passerby named Clark  that she is going to the train station to leave Terminus. The story turns to Ben, who finds the duct-taped Lewis and loosens his bonds. Lewis knocks Ben unconscious and puts his body in the back of a pest control van. At a nearby apartment, Anna  is setting up for a New Year party. The Signal has affected her so that her dutifulness as a homemaker is amplified, and despite having killed her crazed husband in self-defense, she has continued planning for the party as if nothing has happened. Clark, who is her neighbour and a conspiracy theory nut, soon arrives. The two begin attempting to figure out what is happening, and Clark also admits that he had decapitated Rod, who had attacked him after being freed from the car wreck. Eventually Lewis makes his way to the apartment, under the mistaken belief that Mya has been there because her car is crashed outside. At first, Lewis befriends Anna and Clark, and they convince themselves that none of them have been affected by the Signal, and that they have to band together in order to survive. Lewis, whose violent and paranoid tendencies are clearly amplified by the Signal, immediately kills Anna\'s niece, Laura , who arrives at the door seeking help. He dismisses the act as self-defense, but Clark convinces him not to attack the next arrival, Jim  who is apparently oblivious of the situation. While Anna hallucinates that Clark is her husband, Lewis hallucinates that Jim is Ben, taunting him. He beats Jim to death, then attacks Anna, spraying her with insecticide until she is blind. Once he realizes she knows nothing about Mya\'s whereabouts, Lewis forces her to ingest the poison, killing her. He then exposes Clark to the Signal in order to convince him to tell him where Mya had gone. Ben, having woken up and freed himself from Lewis\'s van, enters the apartment and attacks Lewis with the pesticide canister, knocking him out. Lewis wakes up and follows Ben and Clark. He attempts to kill them in a tool shed, but they fight him off and escape. After Ben convinces Clark that the Signal "is a lie", thus breaking its effect on him, Clark informs Ben where Mya was headed. Ben and Clark make a run through the now mostly-dead city and arrive at the train station. There, they find Mya tied to a chair, being forced to watch the Signal by Lewis, who attacks them and strangles Clark until he is unconscious. Ben then resorts to use Lewis\'s own paranoia against him, eventually tricking Lewis into believing that their roles are reversed, and that Lewis is the one man he hates most: Mya\'s "other man". Lewis punches a signal-broadcasting TV in a frustrated rage, electrocuting himself. The story ends ambiguously. A series of scenes showing Ben and Mya escaping with Clark, stocking up on supplies, then Ben and Mya going separate ways from Clark, suggesting they have succeeded. However we then see Mya still tied to the chair, seemingly lost due the prolonged exposure to the Signal. Ben places Mya\'s headphones on her and she closes her eyes, a tear rolling down her cheek, before the credits appear. Whether this is the final reality, or a flashback before Ben and Mya\'s escape from the city, is left for the viewer to decide.'] [' In September 2012, military virologist Lieutenant Colonel Robert Neville  is the last healthy and immune human in New York City. A genetically-engineered variant of the measles virus created by Dr. Alice Krippin , meant as a cure for cancer, had mutated into a lethal strain. It spread throughout the world, killing 90% of humanity. Most survivors became predatory, vampiric{{cite web}} beingsThe DVD/Blu-Ray subtitles refer to the infected as hemocytes&nbsp;– actually a cell type found in an insect\'s immune system. called "Darkseekers" that emerge after dusk to prey on those immune to the virus. In December 2009, Neville had lost his wife Zoe  and daughter Marley  in a helicopter accident during a chaotic quarantine of Manhattan.  Neville\'s daily routine includes experimenting on infected rats to find a cure for the virus and trips through a decaying Manhattan to collect supplies or hunt for deer. He keeps vigil each day for a response to his recorded AM radio broadcasts, which instruct any survivors to meet him at midday at the South Street Seaport. Neville\'s isolation is broken only by the companionship of his pet German Shepherd Samantha and interaction with mannequins he has set up as patrons of a video store. To test a treatment, Neville sets a snare trap and captures an infected woman. An enraged mutated alpha male attempts to rescue her, but is driven back by the sunlight. In the laboratory in his heavily fortified Washington Square Park home, Neville tries the new serum on the infected woman, seemingly without success. The next day, after finding one of his mannequins moved out in the street in front of Grand Central Terminal, Neville is caught in a snare trap and passes out. He regains consciousness at dusk and frees himself, but a pack of infected dogs attack Neville and Sam. Although Neville and Sam kill the dogs, an infected dog bites Sam during the fight. Neville brings Sam home and attempts to save the dog by injecting a strain of his serum, but it is too late, as Sam starts to mutate, which then forces Neville to kill her. Overwhelmed by grief and rage of the loss of his dog, Neville attacks a group of the infected on the seaport the following night with his SUV. He kills many, but they overwhelm and nearly kill him before he is rescued by a pair of immune humans, a woman named Anna  and a boy named Ethan , who followed his radio broadcasts. Anna and Ethan take him back to his home. Anna explains that they are making their way to a survivors\' camp in Bethel, Vermont. Neville does not believe that such a camp exists and expresses doubt when Anna says that God told her about it. The following night, the alpha male leads an infected mob in an attack on Neville\'s house. Anna, who was unaware of Neville\'s precautions in covering his scent outside the house, inadvertently allowed the infected to follow their trail. As the infected charge the house, Neville stops the first wave with claymore mines, but finds himself defenseless against the second wave. As Neville tries to find Anna and Ethan, an infected enters and attacks him. The infected retreats upstairs and begins tearing a hole in the roof so others can get in. After Neville saves Anna and Ethan, they retreat into the laboratory. They seal themselves in a reinforced plexiglass room with the infected woman, and discover that Neville\'s treatment is working; the subject looks much more human. The infected break in and the alpha male begins to throw himself against the plexiglass, cracking it. Neville draws a vial of the infected woman\'s blood and gives it to Anna before shutting them inside a coal chute in the back of the lab. He detonates an M67 grenade to destroy the attackers at the cost of his own life. Anna and Ethan arrive at the survivors\' colony, where Anna hands over the antidote. Anna later states that the survivors are Neville\'s legacy, as his fight for a cure became legend.'] ['A plague in the form of a toxic viral gas is unleashed at major sporting events across the United States. The gas turns its victims instantly "into an immediate rage of insanity and violence".{{cite web}} Controversial Los Angeles talk show radio host Logan Burnhardt  and his production team are caught up in the middle of the chaos, and only blocks away from the explosion site, they begin to receive reports of rioters in the streets and listeners continue to call in reports of their first hand experiences. In addition to those infected by the virus, the terrorists, led by Abir , responsible for the attacks attempt to make their way to Logan\'s studio, killing anyone in the way.'] ["The film begins with footage from a news cameraman and reporter, who are covering a story about an immigrant man killing his wife and son before committing suicide. The son and wife turn into zombies and kill several medical personnel and police officers but leave one medic and a reporter bitten before being killed. The narrator, Debra, explains most of the footage was never broadcast, but was recorded by the cameraman. A group of young film studies students from the University of Pittsburgh are in the woods making a horror film along with their faculty adviser, Andrew Maxwell, when they hear news of an apparent mass-rioting and mass murder. Two of the students, Ridley and Francine, decide to leave the group, while the project director Jason goes to visit his girlfriend Debra . When she cannot contact her family, they travel to Debra's parent's house in Scranton, Pennsylvania. En route Mary runs over a highway patrolman and three other zombies. The group stops and Mary attempts to kill herself. Her friends take her to a hospital, where they find the dead becoming zombies, and thereafter fight to survive while traveling to Debra's parents. Mary becomes a zombie and is slain by Maxwell. Later Gordo is bitten by a zombie. His girlfriend Tracy begs the others not to shoot him immediately but later is forced to shoot him herself. Soon they are stranded when their vehicle's fuel line breaks. They are attacked by zombies while Tracy repairs the vehicle with the assisstance of a deaf Amish man named Samuel. Before escaping, Samuel is bitten and kills himself and his attacker with a scythe. Passing a city they are stopped by an armed group of survivors, the leader being member of the National Guard. There, Debra receives a message from her younger brother, who informs her that he and their parents were camping in West Virginia at the time of the initial attacks and are now on their way home. The students then leave for Debra's house. Their only reliable source of information is now the Internet, aided by bloggers. When they arrive at Debra's house, they find her reanimated mother and brother feeding on her father. They escape from the house and are stopped by different National Guardsmen, who rob them, leaving them only their weapons. They arrive at Ridley's mansion, where Ridley explains that his parents, the staff, and Francine were killed by zombies. He then imprisons Debra and Tony and is revealed as a zombie himself. He kills Eliot and attacks Tracy and Jason. Jason is able to distract Ridley long enough for Tracy to escape. The survivors then hide in an enclosed shelter, with the exception of Jason, who is later infected by Ridley. Maxwell kills Ridley and Debra kills Jason, and continues filming. At the end of the film, Debra watches Jason's recording of a hunting party shooting people who were left to die and be reanimated as shooting targets and wonders whether the human race is worth saving."] ['A teenage girl gains a scholarship to an all-male boarding school, but soon discovers that her classmates are becoming personality-less drones. As she investigates the school, she discovers the faculty may be experimenting on students.'] ['In the town of Ogden Marsh, Iowa, David , the local sheriff enjoys a baseball game. His deputy, Russell Clank ([[Joe Anderson , spots Rory Hamill, a local resident, entering the outfield holding a shotgun, presumably drunk. David is forced to shoot and kill the unresponsive Rory. David and his wife Judy , the community doctor, begin to notice other town residents exhibiting bizarre behavior, including listlessness and repetitive speech. The next night, a local farmer burns his house down with his wife and son trapped inside, killing them. While investigating the discovery of a pilot\'s body in a swamp, David and Russell discover a military aircraft submerged under the water, which David realizes has contaminated the drinking water and caused the town residents odd behavior. Against the mayor\'s direct orders, he shuts off the town\'s water supply. Soon after, communication services are lost in town, and soldiers arrive to take all residents to quarantine at the high school. Everyone is examined for symptoms of infection. Judy does not pass the examination and is separated from David. She explains her fever is due to pregnancy, but is sedated anyway. She wakes strapped to a gurney as the perimeter of the facility is breached by the infected townspeople in an effort to escape. The military personnel evacuate, abandoning Judy and the other civilians. David is nearing evacuation, but escapes and rejoins Russell. They rescue Judy and her hospital assistant, Becca . David, Judy, Russell, and Becca make their way out of town on foot, unable to find a working vehicle. They encounter Becca\'s boyfriend, Scotty, when they pass through his farm. Soldiers raid the farm, shoot Scotty and his mother, and burn the bodies. They learn that the soldiers have been ordered to shoot all civilians who have potentially been exposed. The group repair a patrol car, and, once on the road, are spotted by an attack helicopter and drive into a car wash for cover. The infected attack and kill Becca, and the helicopter destroys the car. On foot, Russell disables a passing government SUV with a police spike strip. The driver, presumably a government agent, reveals the cargo plane contained "Trixie," a "Rhabdoviridae prototype" biological weapon. Enraged, Russell shoots the driver and threatens Judy and David. When confronted about his behavior, Russell realizes he is infected and, after being disarmed, begs to go on with Judy and David. He later dies while distracting soldiers at a blockade, so that Judy and David can sneak past. David and Judy arrive at a truck stop to search for a vehicle, discovering the military also executed those who were evacuated. Fending off the infected, they escape in a semi-truck. Ogden Marsh is destroyed in a massive explosion as they flee, and their truck flips in the passing shockwave. As the couple walk towards Cedar Rapids, a view from a military satellite highlights first the couple, then the city, and the words "Initiate containment protocol" appear, signifying a new containment attempt. In the credits, Bruce Aune, a real newscaster from KCRG-TV 9 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa reports that an explosion originating from the Dakon Pendrill chemical plant started a massive fire in Ogden Marsh. He says a perimeter has been set and civilians are not being allowed into the area.'] ["After finishing a long shift as a nurse, Ana , returns to her suburban Milwaukee, Wisconsin neighborhood and to her husband, Luis . Caught up in a scheduled date night the two miss an emergency news bulletin on television. The next morning, Vivian , their neighbor's daughter, enters their bedroom and kills Luis, who immediately reanimates as a zombie and attacks Ana. She flees in her car, but eventually crashes and is knocked unconscious after a bus driver attempts to hijack her car. A montage of news footage depicts zombies overwhelming civilization around the world. Upon waking, Ana joins with Police Sergeant and former Marine Kenneth Hall , Michael , Andre  and his pregnant wife, Luda . The group breaks into a nearby mall where a zombified security guard  attacks Luda, who apparently escapes unharmed. They are also confronted by three living guards—C.J. ([[Michael Kelly , Bart  and Terry —who make them surrender their weapons in exchange for refuge. The group secures the mall, then heads to the roof where they see another survivor, Andy , who is stranded alone in his gun store, across the zombie-infested parking lot. The next day, a delivery truck carrying more survivors enters the lot, with zombies in close pursuit. C.J. wishes to turn them away but is outnumbered when Terry sides with the new arrivals. C.J. and Bart are disarmed while the newcomers go inside. They include Norma , Steve Marcus , Tucker , Monica , and Glen , as well as Frank  and his daughter, Nicole . Another woman  is severely bloated and too ill to walk; she is wheeled inside via wheelbarrow only to die and reanimate soon after. After she is killed by Ana, the group determines that the disease is passed by bites. Andre leaves to see Luda and the group realizes that Frank, who has been bitten, is a potential threat. After some debate, Frank elects to be isolated. When he dies and reanimates, Kenneth shoots him. Another montage shows the survivors passing time in the mall and various relationships developing, including Kenneth and Andy starting a friendship by way of messages written on a whiteboard and romantic feelings between Ana and Michael. When the power goes out, C.J., Bart, Michael, and Kenneth head to the parking garage to activate the emergency generator. They find a friendly dog but are attacked by zombies, who kill Bart. The remaining men are trapped in the generator compartment where they douse the zombies with gasoline and set them ablaze. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Luda did not escape unharmed when attacked by the security guard and has since entered the advanced stages of infection. She has been tied up to a bed by Andre, where she later goes into labor and dies. She reanimates and the baby is born. Norma checks on the couple and, seeing Luda is now a zombie, kills her. Andre snaps completely; they exchange gunfire, killing each other. The rest of the group arrives to find a zombie baby which they immediately kill. The remaining survivors decide to fight their way to the Milwaukee marina, and travel on Steve's yacht to an island in Lake Michigan. They begin retrofitting and reinforcing two shuttle buses from the parking garage for their escape. Andy is dying of starvation, so the group straps a pack of food and a walkie-talkie onto the dog, Chips, and lower him into the parking lot. Andy calls for Chips, who is of no interest to the zombies, but one gets in the door of the store before Andy can close it. Nicole, worried about Chips, takes the delivery truck and crashes into the gun store, where she is trapped by a zombified Andy. Kenneth, Michael, Tucker, Terry and C.J. head through the sewers to mount a rescue. They reach the gun store, saving Nicole by killing Andy. They grab weapons and ammunition and go back to the mall; along the way, Tucker is killed after he falls into the sewer from the street, breaking both legs and asks C.J. to shoot him. Once inside they are unable to lock the door, forcing an immediate evacuation. Everyone piles into the buses and they navigate through the city. Glen loses control of a chainsaw, accidentally killing himself and Monica; blood splatters on the windshield causing Kenneth to crash the bus. A zombie attacks Steve as he tries to escape. C.J. exits the first van to look for crash survivors with Kenneth and Terry. They encounter the undead Steve but Ana kills him. She retrieves his boat keys, and they take the remaining bus to the marina. There, C.J. sacrifices himself after being unable to get out of the bus in time and blows it up so the rest of the group can escape. Michael reveals he was bitten while helping Ana to board the bus and, despite Ana's pleas, stays behind and kills himself, leaving Ana, Kenneth, Nicole, Terry and Chips as the only survivors. A montage of footage from a camcorder found on the boat begins with Steve's escapades before the outbreak, and concludes with the group running out of supplies before finally arriving at an island. They disembark and are attacked by another swarm of zombies. The film ends with the dropped camcorder recording dozens of zombies chasing them, leaving their fate unknown."] ['In 1956, Gabriella —a girl with apparent psychic powers—is brought to the enormous house of Dr. Meyer  in Chartres, France. Meyer intends to conduct an experiment testing her abilities. He takes her into his basement, where the youngster abruptly falls to her knees and begins digging into the dirt. "This is where you\'re hiding, isn\'t it?" Meyer yells. He rushes upstairs for help from his assistants and leaves Gabriella by herself. She is attacked by something unseen and is taken to the hospital. In the basement, further digging reveals a rotted corpse, with a nearby wallet identifying the dead man as Paolo Zeder. Dr. Meyer realizes that the earth in which Zeder was buried was a \'K-Zone\'. In present day Bologna, Stefano , a novelist, is given an old typewriter as a birthday present by his wife Alessandra . One night, after Alessandra has gone to bed, he discovers a series of typed letters on the typewriter\'s ribbon. As he reads the ribbon, he finds it is an essay written by scientist Paolo Zeder discussing the existence of K-Zones—areas where death ceases to exist. According to Zeder\'s essay, bodies buried in these zones can return from the dead. Stefano investigates the message left on the typewriter ribbon. He encounters people who make it clear that they do not appreciate any questions relating to Paolo Zeder or K-Zones. However, the resistance he experiences intrigues him even more. He becomes obsessed with getting answers to the mystery and temporarily abandons his wife. His investigation leads him to a huge old property, ostensibly abandoned but protected by electrified fences. A nearby service station attendant tells Stefano that French investors are building a gigantic hotel on the property, but no work is ever seen being done. Stefano sneaks onto the property, and discovers surveillance equipment with numerous monitors showing the dead face of a man buried in a coffin. Stefano watches the monitors. The dead man is Don Luigi Costa, an ex-priest who abandoned his vows after contracting an incurable disease. Continuing Zeder\'s work, Costa had himself buried on the property, a suspected K-Zone, and his rebirth from the dead is caught on camera. Stefano manages to elude the conspirators involved in the experimental work, but finds his wife has been murdered by them. At night, Stefano buries her in a K-Zone located on the abandoned property. She revives and approaches her husband. In the darkness, Stefano begins screaming horribly.'] ["In New York City a hospital worker is found to have been devouring bodies in the morgue. Morgue assistant and anthropology expert Lori  discovers he was from the Asian Molucca islands where she grew up. Dr. Peter Chandler ([[Ian McCulloch  investigates, and he and Lori discover that similar corpse mutilations have occurred in other city hospitals, where immigrants from this region are working. Peter leads an expedition to the islands to investigate, where he liaises with Doctor Obrero. Included are his assistant George, George's eager journalist girlfriend Susan, Lori, local boatsman Molotto assigned by Obrero, and three guides. The crew are hunted by cannibals and zombies, the latter created by the sinister Doctor Obrero who is experimenting with corpses. Lori is accepted as queen of the cannibals, and sends them off against the mad scientist and his zombie army."] ['After being pulled through a time portal, Ash Williams lands in 1300 AD, where he is almost immediately captured by Lord Arthur\'s men, who suspect him to be an agent for Duke Henry, with whom Arthur is at war. He is enslaved along with the captured Henry, his gun and chainsaw confiscated, and is taken to a castle. Ash is thrown in a pit where he fights off a Deadite and regains his weapons from Arthur\'s Wise Man. After demanding Henry and his men be set free  and killing a deadite in full view of everyone, Ash is celebrated as a hero. He also grows attracted to Sheila, the sister of one of Arthur\'s fallen knights. According to the Wise Man, the only way Ash can return to his time is to retrieve the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis. After bidding goodbye to Sheila, Ash starts his search for the Necronomicon. As he enters a haunted forest, an unseen force pursues Ash through the woods. Fleeing, he ducks into a windmill where he crashes into a mirror. The small reflections of Ash climb out from the shattered mirror and torment him. One of the reflections dives down Ash\'s throat and uses his body to become a life-sized clone of Ash and attack him, after which Ash kills and buries the clone. When he arrives at the Necronomicon\'s location, he finds three books instead of one. Ash eventually finds the real one and attempts to say the magic phrase that will allow him to remove the book safely — "Klaatu verata nicto". However, forgetting the last word, he tries to trick the book by mumbling/coughing the missing word. He then grabs the book from the cradle, and rushes back to the castle, while the dead rise from graves all around. During Ash\'s panicked ride back, his evil copy rises from his grave and unites the Deadites into the Army of Darkness. Despite causing the predicament faced by the Medieval soldiers, Ash initially demands to be returned to his own time. However, Sheila is captured by a Flying Deadite, and later transformed into a Deadite. Ash becomes determined to lead the humans against the army of the dead. Reluctantly, the people agree to join Ash. Using scientific knowledge from textbooks in the trunk of his 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88, and enlisting the help of Duke Henry, Ash successfully leads the medieval soldiers to victory over the Deadites and Evil Ash, saving Sheila and bringing peace between Arthur and Henry in the process. After this, he is brought back to his own time using a potion made from the Necronomicon. Later, Ash is at the S-Mart store telling a male co-worker  all about his adventure back in time, and how he could have been king. A female customer becomes possessed by a demon and starts wreaking havoc on the store, and Ash slays the creature.'] ['Andy, the gun store owner, created a video journal of his last days inside by himself. The prologue says that survivors found the tape in the store while traveling through Everett, Wisconsin and then shows the unedited footage. The character Andy  owned the gun shop across the street from the mall in the film, and in this bonus feature Andy records a video diary of his ordeal for future reference. He begins recording on May 7, 2004, the day after he first encountered the flesh eaters, and continues to record until his death on June 6. Throughout the diary he talks to his goldfish named Ariel for company. He tells of how he first encountered the zombies while driving his truck and, after running over several, makes it back to his home in the gun store. Andy reinforces all windows and doors and prepares to stock up on water and drinks, not having any food. Later, he relays the results of experimenting with killing the zombies saying he shot one in the heart, lungs, legs, without stopping it. He announces that the power is still on, as is the Internet, which shows red spots on a map of the globe, which obviously represent infected areas. He then tries to simply kill all of the zombies surrounding his store  but soon realizes it is a futile effort. With his mental state beginning to deteriorate, he begins to rant, blaming the government as the cause of the zombies. After the survivors in the mall make contact with him, he joyfully describes playing the survivors version of Hollywood Squares with Ken. Later on May 21, he is so weakened by hunger that he is forced to regretfully eat Ariel. The final entry starts immediately after he has been bitten by the creatures that managed to get in after Chips the dog. In an alternate view of the scene from the film, he communicates with the mall residents on the walkie-talkie. He knows the wound is worse than he has told the others in the mall . He tries to rest to relieve the pain and the video then actually shows him having transformed into a zombie and presumably going up to the roof for the movie scene. Between entries on the tape, it can be seen that the video is recorded over footage shot almost a year prior of Andy\'s ex-wife Susan and his unnamed daughter  playing outdoors. In the journal, Andy mentions how his wife got everything from him in the apparent divorce; including his beloved daughter . He expresses constant worry and grief at the thought of whether or not his daughter managed to survive and promised himself to get her as soon as he got out. The end of the recording shows Andy\'s daughter giving him Ariel as a birthday present on August 23, 2003. During Andy\'s talks of worry for his daughter, he mentioned "going up to the lake to get her", indicating she may be in the vicinity of Lake Michigan.'] ["Zombie Honeymoon centers around the doomed love story of Denise  and Danny  Zanders, whose honeymoon is disrupted by an attack that turns Danny into a zombie. Denise is torn between her desire to protect her husband and her revulsion at what he is becoming. American newlyweds Denise and Danny have just begun their month-long honeymoon by the ocean in New Jersey when Denise witnesses a ragged man, fully clad, emerging from the water. She screams to rouse her sleeping husband, but it is too late; the zombie attacks. Holding Danny down, he vomits a black, viscous fluid into Danny's mouth before collapsing. Rushed to the hospital, Danny cannot be revived, but as the doctor is telling Denise that her husband is dead he reanimates on his own. Soon after his release, it becomes clear to Denise that all is not well. The vegetarian Danny is craving meat. When Denise finds that her husband is struggling with compulsive cannibalism, she is horrified, but compelled by love and pity to clean up after him and protect him. Her efforts to help him overcome his urges prove futile. Danny's body count mounts while his willpower deteriorates as quickly as his decomposing flesh. Though Denise has not been able to bring herself to flee her husband, even as he kills their closest friends, the remaining bonds of love that have held Danny back from killing his bride seem to have dissolved. He attacks her and forces her down, beginning to produce the viscous fluid that had transformed him. Just before infecting Denise, he turns his head, sparing her his fate. He apologizes to her as he finally dies. Denise, after tenderly disposing of his body, goes back to the beach, where she remembers better times between them and looks to the tickets that the pair had purchased to start their dream life in Portugal."] ['13 hours after the initial T-virus outbreak in The Hive, the Umbrella Corporation sends in a research team to re-open the complex. The team is slaughtered by zombies. Lickers and the undead escape into the outside world. Umbrella establishes a security perimeter around Raccoon City. However, a little girl goes missing after the Umbrella car transporting her crashes. After surviving the Hive, Alice was recovered by Umbrella and experimented on. She now has superhuman strength, speed and agility. Waking up in an empty hospital, she wanders outside to find the city is a ghost town. She arms herself with a shotgun from a police car and starts walking. She is disturbed by a man who keeps showing up in visions, who was experimenting on her. While Umbrella is evacuating civilians at the last open bridge, police officer Jill Valentine  confers with Sergeant Peyton Wells . However, the T-virus infects a man having a heart attack, turning him into a zombie that bites Peyton. Umbrella supervisor Timothy Cain  seals the exit and orders his soldiers to fire over the crowd\'s heads, scaring them back into the city. Elsewhere, Carlos Olivera  and other Umbrella soldiers link up with Special Tactics And Rescue Squad  units to defend against an onslaught of zombies in the city. Their positions are overrun, causing Carlos and his team to retreat with a bitten Yuri , who turns into a zombie and infects Carlos before being killed. Jill, Peyton and a news reporter named Terri Morales  lock themselves in a church, which turns out to be full of Lickers; they are saved at the last minute by the heavily armed Alice. Umbrella dispatches their Nemesis program to kill all remaining STARS operatives, and plan to sanitize Raccoon City using a nuclear weapon. When Nemesis encounters a surviving citizen, L.J.  and members of STARS, they open fire. He guns the STARS down but spares L.J.\'s life when he drops his weapons. Dr. Charles Ashford , an Umbrella scientist and creator of the T-virus, has refused extraction until he has located and rescued his daughter Angela , and soon figures out she is hiding out in her school dormitory after the car crash. He contacts Alice and the other survivors, and offers to arrange their evacuation in exchange for rescuing Angela. Alice is separated from the group when Nemesis appears and kills the zombified Peyton. Jill and Terri make it to the school, picking up L.J. on the way, and they encounter Carlos and Nicholai , acting on the same offer. After encounters with zombie dogs and infected children who kill Nicholai and Terri, Alice saves the group again and they find Angela. Angela reveals she was injected with the T-virus; Dr. Ashford created the T-virus to allow her to walk, but he also created the anti-virus because of the T-virus\'s potential for mutations. Alice reveals she was injected as well, but is not suffering mutations. She injects Carlos with the anti-virus to save him. Dr. Ashford gives Alice the location of the extraction point at City Hall, where the helicopter waits. The group makes it to the rendezvous, but are cornered by Major Cain, who has caught wind of Dr. Ashford\'s intentions and is holding him prisoner. All but Alice are restrained, and seconds later Nemesis appears. Major Cain commands Alice to fight Nemesis. Alice refuses, until Dr. Ashford is shot and killed. She relents and fights him, impaling him on a pole. Defeating Nemesis, she realizes he is Matt Addison. Her stand rekindles a trace of Nemesis\'s former humanity and they join forces and attack the Umbrella forces. Nemesis is killed, protecting Alice. She is hit with a propeller from a blown up helicopter and knocked out. Angela and Carlos go to her. Carlos helps her to a helicopter and they escape in it. Alice throws Major Cain out of the helicopter. He shoots a few infected people, but ultimately is overcome. The nuclear missile detonates over the center of Raccoon City, destroying it completely. The helicopter is caught in the blast wave and crashes. As the helicopter falls, a metal pole comes loose and is flung towards Angela. Alice moves in front of Angela and is impaled, saving her. Some hours after the explosion, Umbrella employees locate the helicopter\'s crash site, deep in the Arklay Mountains. There, they find Alice\'s body, badly burned. The others are nowhere to be found. Umbrella employees take her body. The media shows that Terri\'s footage has been shown to the press, saying that Umbrella released the zombies and the T-virus. Umbrella denies this, arguing that it is a hoax. Umbrella promotes a fake story about a nuclear power plant explosion near the city. The media announce that Jill and Carlos are wanted by the police for questioning. Three weeks later, in the midwest Umbrella research facility, Alice awakens. Led by Umbrella scientist Dr. Isaacs , the doctors begin questioning her. Soon she recalls events from Raccoon City and before. She realizes that the doctor who appeared in her visions is Dr. Isaacs. She attacks him, and fights her way out of the facility. She makes her way outside only to be surrounded by more Umbrella guards holding her at gunpoint. Suddenly, Jill, Carlos, Angela, and L.J. pull up, disguised as Umbrella employees. Carlos shows the guards a written order placing her in his custody. Alice enters the vehicle, and as they drive away, Angela asks her if she is all right. She doesn\'t respond, and Dr. Isaacs is shown saying, "Let them go," and then "Program Alice activated." A close-up of her eye shows a flashing Umbrella logo. The scene then pulls away from the car they are in and all the way out into space, where an Umbrella satellite is seen.'] ['A high school prom in Georgia is unexpectedly interrupted when a graveyard, next to a power plant, becomes the sudden source of resuscitated cadavers. As zombies march on the high school, a motley group of dateless teenage outcasts, among them Jimmy , Lindsey , Steven  and Kyle , take on the zombies and save the day. Lindsey breaks up with Jimmy the day before the prom and starts going out with Mitch. On the way to the prom, Mitch takes Lindsey to the cemetery to "loosen up" and makes out with her. Mitch is drawn out of the car and killed by a zombie then turns into one himself. Meanwhile, members of the school\'s SciFi club, Jules, Steven, Rod and George, are investigating the cemetery when they are attacked. Rod is killed and the remaining three are rescued by a grave digger who reveals that he was aware of the occurrences but kept it quiet to keep his job. He instructs them on how to kill the zombies before running off. The three get surrounded again, but Lindsey comes to the rescue and they all escape in Mitch\'s car. After making a pizza delivery and discovering that a family are now zombies, Jimmy finds a crashed truck with his enemy Kyle as the only survivor. Jimmy and Kyle run into a cheerleader named Gwen, and the three are attacked. They manage to kill all of the zombies with a bat they find and a gun Kyle carries in his truck. Unfortunately Jimmy\'s truck is stolen by two zombies, leaving the three without a getaway vehicle. In another neighborhood, Nash Rambler , Jensen and Dave the Drummer are in the middle of writing a new song for their band. Nash asks Jensen to open the garage door to let in some air because Jensen has been smoking pot, and they discover zombies when Jensen opens the garage door. The zombies attack, but the band members also accidentally find that the zombies like music, and they keep playing to keep the zombies at bay, but also inadvertently attracting more. Mitch\'s car breaks down, and Lindsey, Jules, George and Steven take refuge in a nearby house. Jimmy calls Lindsey to find her. He, Kyle and Gwen then make their way to the house through the town sewers. On the way, they discover a substance that the power plant dumped that they believe caused the re-animation of the dead. The house in which their friends are hiding turns out to be a funeral home. Fumes from the power plant re-animate the corpses stored there. Kyle and Jimmy kill them all, but not before Kyle is bitten in the neck and turns into a zombie and the others are forced to beat him to death. Gwen manages to retrieve the funeral home\'s hearse and the group escapes with the intent to rescue their fellow students from the prom. On the way to the school, the hearse\'s tires are shot out. The teens also discover their coach is still alive, and after telling him what has happened, he helps arm them. The group heads for the prom in the coach\'s Hummer. On the way they find and rescue the besieged band and rescue them. The band then joins the group to stop the zombies. At the school they find all of the town\'s zombies have gathered there and that they\'ve arrived too late to save everybody. The coach decides to use his explosives to blow up the school. While the coach starts setting up around the school, the schoolkids block all the doors so the zombies can\'t escape. While looking through the school, the SciFi club members find a small group of survivors, including the prom queen, and start to lead them out to safety. The coach accidentally drops the detonator into a chip bowl. Jimmy, however, is forced to go back for it, and Lindsey follows him. They sneak through the gym to get to the detonator but are noticed and attacked. Before they can be killed, the onstage band starts playing to distract the zombies. Jimmy and Lindsey dance while looking for the remote. On the way out the others are attacked but manage to kill their attackers, while Gwen hides the fact that she was bitten. She pulls Steven, for whom she has developed feelings, into the bathroom. There she reveals the truth and the two kiss, but she turns into a zombie and bites Steven\'s tongue off. She kills him, which turns Steven into a zombie as well. The two zombies kiss again and then start to eat each other. In the gym, Jimmy and Lindsey are still looking for the detonator when a zombie accidentally pulls the plug on the band\'s instruments, stopping the music and causing the zombies to attack again. While the two hold off the zombies, Jenson tries to replace the plug. Jimmy and Lindsey are forced to hide beneath the bleachers, where they are attacked by Mitch, now a zombie. The two escape with Lindsey killing Mitch. The band manages to plug in their instruments and begin playing, allowing Jimmy to get the detonator. As the group attempt to make their escape, Jensen is caught and killed by the horde. The surviving four make their way out of the school through a window. The zombies are unable to escape out the blocked doors, and Jimmy blows up the school, killing all of the zombies, While kissing Lindsey at the same time rekindling their relationship. The survivors, including a group that hid at the prom, takes a bus to a pancake house for breakfast courtesy of the coach with a plan to eat and plan an attack to shut down the power plant and prevent the zombie plague from spreading. The grave digger also survives and complains about the fact he has to clean up the mess.'] ['{{plot}} The movie begins with Travis Dee killing many bloodied people infected with an unknown virus trying to eat him. He is able to kill all of the infected, but when the last one is exterminated, its blood splashes on Travis\' face, infecting him. The police arrive and arrest him after he attempts to commit suicide . Travis tries to convince the press and police that they were infected with an experimental bio-toxin, and now he is sick from it. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  don\'t know if he is right or wrong, so he is sentenced to Haywood Maximum Security Prison. A CDC worker, Samantha Beckett, is sent to the prison to give more information on Travis. Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer, Lieutenant Sweeney, telling them that he is "top of the food chain" in the prison. After noticing Travis coughing heavily and pale, he is sent to the infirmary. Another new arrival, Johnny, is sent to Warden Mahler\'s office. Mahler tells him not to do anything stupid or make guards angry. At the infirmary, Travis tells Dr. Goring that the virus spreads through bites and bodily fluids, and vomits blood on the doctor. Starting to believe the truth, Goring tells an officer to place him in solitary confinement for quarantine. On the way, Travis vomits blood on several inmates. While Samantha and Mahler talk, a guard lets Travis out of the cell because he is vomiting more blood. While out, Travis attacks the two guards and Sweeney. Travis manages to bite one guard and Sweeney blows his head off, splattering diseased blood on himself. Sweeney takes the wounded guard to the infirmary while Johnny is questioned there by Samantha about Travis. His story is the same that Travis had been telling others. The bitten guard dies and Mahler, Sweeney, Dr. Goring, Samantha and Johnny try to determine if the virus is real. Samantha examines Travis’ body and sees that the blood indicates he died at least hours ago, though Sweeney shot him just minutes ago. The dead guard jumps from the slab at the same time as the prison reverend comes in. He and Goring are bitten by the guard before Sweeney shoots him in the head. From the bite and blood splash, Goring reanimates and Sweeney kills him. The group then concludes that the infection is real and must be contained. Jenkins arrives in the room with Mahler’s son, Keith, who has come to visit him. While Samantha tries to call headquarters, the inmates that Travis puked on start to infect others and turn into zombies at the cafeteria. To contain a “riot,” the living guards flee the cafeteria while some stay in the locked room to control the sick that immediately reanimate into zombies. However, the infected guards who escaped start to turn as well and infect the staff and inmates. As the riot warning alarm sounds, Samantha calls the CDC for assistance and confirms the virus. They tell Mahler that the prison has been quarantined for 18 hours or until Samantha can conclude that the infection has been contained. Sweeney, Jenkins and Mahler devise a plan to move through the building and gather all the uninfected staff to barricade themselves in the staffroom on the other end of the facility while the guards venture out to kill all infected. He also plans to leave all the uninfected inmates to die, much to Johnny’s dismay. Johnny is sent back to the cell but on the way he knocks out a guard and takes his gun to run for the outside. Sweeney, Jenkins, Mahler and Keith head to the officers’ office where Sweeney calls for the National Guard to secure the prison and blockade the entire facility. He stays with his decision to leave the inmates for dead but does tell all of them to stay in their cells. Samantha is persuaded by the reverend to leave the infirmary and run for the outer walls. When she leaves, the Reverend shoots himself, knowing he will turn into a zombie if he doesn’t. Sweeney, Mahler, Keith, Jenkins and many other guards make it to the cell blocks to see that all the inmate and staff left have been infected and zombified. As everyone prepares for the zombies to break out of the cells, Sweeney tells Jenkins that when he turns to shoot him. Mahler, realizing Sweeney if infected, leaves the group to protect his son. The zombies on that side start to follow the two as they slip in zombie blood, trying to reach Mahler’s office. The zombies break out of the cell blocks and run for the guards. They open fire, killing many of them left and right. Seeing that many more are coming, they split up and run inside cells and lock the gates, separating them and keeping firing distance. Samantha meets up with Johnny and they decide to escape together. Mahler and Keith make a stand in his office. But the son has been infected and kills the father. After most guards are killed in cells, Jenkins and another guard escape the cell while Sweeney and another stay to fight. Sweeney sees the zombified Mahler and shoots him while stating, “This is for not giving me a raise my last evaluation!” After going completely crazy from the disease, Sweeney shoots everywhere, accidentally hitting his partner guard. Sweeney leaves through a backdoor and lies down there while the zombies break through and kill the shot guard. Samantha and Johnny move on. He is bitten and stays behind to give her a chance to leave. She flees and kills Sweeney, now a zombie. In the yard, Jenkins is bitten and she puts him out of his misery. A sniper mistakes Samantha for a zombie and kills her.'] ['A small, sleepy town in Utah gets an undead wake-up call when all of the townspeople of Mormon faith suddenly transform into flesh-eating ghouls. Now, a group of "non-believers" unaffected by the mysterious epidemic must band together to survive the night and answer the question: How do you kill a Mormon zombie?'] ['As the movie begins, a slow moving mostly gray haired crowd walk through a French town. These people are clean, combed, and casually dressed. Integration with society becomes the first issue that concerns the town politics. While the authorities monitor and record movements, habits, sociability, and intelligence the personal relationships between the returned and their respective live spouses and parents comes into the foreground. Painful memories are awakened, guilt, fear, love, even unearthed passions are aroused. However, monitoring the returnees shows them to be very much apart from their live cohabitants and in fact involved in late night clandestine meetings, seemingly plotting with more intelligence than they are exhibiting in their day jobs.'] ["A mad scientist named Dr. Viktor Vasilienko  is disillusioned with capitalist society and creates a virus that is designed to make people rage with anger. In his hidden laboratory in the woods, he begins testing the virus on innocents. His experiments don't go as planned and his infected victims escape into the wilderness. There, the infection spreads as vultures eat the remains of the test subjects and become out of control with the compulsion to eat human flesh."] ['In Zombie Bloodbath, the U.S. Government builds a subterranean nuclear power plant on top of an ancient Indian burial ground. As radiation brings the deceased natives back to life as zombies and turns everyone at the plant into blood-crazed zombies, a group of teenagers defends the area from imminent attack. Later on, Zombie Bloodbath II: Rage of the Undead and Zombie Bloodbath III: Zombie Armageddon were also contributed and released in a triple pack with all three of the films.'] ['While awaiting his execution for murder and grave robbery, Arthur Blake  is visited by Father Duffy , who wishes to obtain a statement from the condemned to be used as a cautionary tale. Arthur denies that he is a murderer, a crime for which his former partner, Willie Grimes , has already been executed by guillotine. However, Blake freely admits to being a grave robber, and begins to recount his career with Willie. Arthur became Willie\'s apprentice following the death of Blake\'s father, forcing the young man to find a job to support his family. Willie quickly taught him the skills necessary to steal corpses, both from graves as well as more risky locations, such as wakes. The job proved profitable on its face, but both Arthur and Willie\'s ability to make money was severely hampered by the interference of Doctor Quint , who frequently blackmailed the two into obtaining corpses for free under threat of notifying the police of their activities. This blackmail continued for numerous years. Willie and Arthur\'s career changed abruptly when procuring another corpse for Quint. Digging up a corpse buried at a cross-roads, the two were confused when they found a garlic wreath around the body\'s neck and a wooden stake in its chest. Arthur dismissed these things as superstition, and removed them against Willie\'s protests. Moments later, while the two were clearing their cart, the dead woman rose and walked away. Willie and Arthur attempted to flee, but came across the undead woman, who attacked Arthur. Willie was able to fend her off briefly with a shovel, and when she attacked him he managed to plunge the stake back into her chest, causing her to go immediately limp. Willie and Arthur delivered the staked body to Doctor Quint and departed quickly. The doctor removed the stake, awakening the undead woman, who killed him. Freed of their blackmailer and now aware of a new market for their skills, Arthur and Willie shifted their career towards the supernatural side of grave robbing. During one such job  they were stopped by Cornelius Murphy, main spokesperson for the House Murphy, an infamous and vicious band of grave robbers led by Cornelius\' unseen father, Samuel. Cornelius demanded the body at knifepoint; though Willie advised him to cooperate, Arthur refused, and the three scuffled over the body until it vanished in a burst of light. At this point in Arthur\'s narrative Father Duffy asks him if he had any further encounters with the House Murphy. Arthur is reluctant to speak of the matter, but finally relents, discussing the next—and last—time he encountered the Murphys. Drinking at a local pub with their new apprentice  Fanny Briers , Arthur and Willie received word from pub owner Ronnie about a possible job: a local mortuary had been reported as receiving crated shipments of the undead. However, their most recent shipment was incomplete, two of the crates lost in a shipwreck and believed to be located on a nearby island. The catch was that the mortuary had already hired someone to retrieve the missing undead: House Murphy. Willie and Arthur initially turned down the job, not wishing to cross paths with the Murphys, but at Fanny\'s insistence the two reluctantly agreed. On the island the crates are guarded by Bulger, House Murphy\'s enforcer. Fanny slit his throat , then the three rounded up one of the undead, Willie suffering a bite during the effort. Before they could get to the second Fanny was killed by a knife thrown by Cornelius, who then tied the remaining two to the cage containing the captured undead. The two were only saved from death when the captured undead tore free of its cage and attacked Valentine, House Murphy\'s disfigured female assassin. Cornelius attempted to save Valentine, only to be attacked by the second undead. Willie and Arthur freed themselves, then escaped in the confusion. Afterward the two argued bitterly over the botched job, resulting in the end of their partnership, and friendship. A week later the two were arrested. At the conclusion of the tale Father Duffy asks whether it was Arthur or Willie who murdered Cornelius, but Arthur reiterates that the two simply left him to his fate. When Father Duffy expresses a surprising amount of anger at this, as well as the sentiment that Willie was "lucky" to have been killed before Duffy could meet him, Arthur realizes the priest\'s true identity: Samuel Murphy. The elder Murphy then attempts to kill Arthur with a mace, but before he can he is struck down by an unseen rescuer. When he is able to look up Arthur is surprised to discover his rescuer is Willie—more accurately, the decapitated body of Willie. Holding his head in one hand, Willie explains that the bite he suffered on the island seems to have rendered him undead following his execution. As the two make their way out of the prison cell Willie remarks that being undead is the best thing that ever happened to him, and even suggests that Arthur himself get bitten. When Arthur rejects the idea Willie claims he\'s starting to feel "ravenous", and jokingly chases after Arthur as they leave the prison. Unknown to them, Cornelius rises from his underwater grave.'] ['Jerry , his girlfriend Angela , and his buddy Harold  head out for a day at the carnival. In one venue, a dance number is performed by Marge , an alcoholic who drinks before and between shows, and her partner, Bill Ward, for a small audience. There Jerry sees stripper Carmelita  who hypnotizes him with her icy stare and he is compelled to see her act. Carmelita is the young sister of powerful fortune-teller Estrella , and Estrella turns Jerry into a zombie by hypnotizing him with a spiraling wheel. He then goes on a rampage, killing Marge and fatally wounding Bill. Later, Jerry attempts to strangle his girlfriend Angela as well. It develops that Estrella, with her henchman Ortega , has been busy turning various patrons into zombies, apparently by throwing acid on their faces. Interspersed through the film are several song-and-dance production numbers in the carnival\'s nightclub, with songs like "Choo Choo Ch\'Boogie" and "Shook out of Shape". The titular zombies only make an appearance in the final act, where they escape and immediately kill Estrella, Carmelita, Ortega and several performers before being shot by police. Jerry, himself partially disfigured but not a zombie, escapes the carnival and is pursued to the shoreline, where the police shoot him dead in front of Angela and Harold.'] ['Three astronauts return to Earth after a nuclear holocaust, although one dies in a crash landing. The two survivors, Newman  and Matthews, encounter some mutants before discovering that Los Angeles has been completely destroyed. Seeking shelter, the men take refuge in an abandoned mansion. Newman later encounters a young boy, Chris, hiding in a museum with the curator . When the curator passes away, Newman takes Chris under his care. While out seeking supplies one day, Newman and Chris encounter Sarah, who is running from a gang of outlaw bikers led by Cutter . These survivors decide to fight this gang in this post-apocalypse wasteland.'] ['A group of drama students idolize their favourite horror film star, Conrad Razkoff. In the beginning, Conrad is acting in a commercial for dentures, and the Director stops the filming because he does not like Conrad\'s performance. While the director sits on the edge of the balcony, an angry Conrad pushes him off with his cane. Later, Conrad visits a school and talks about his performances, stating he felt \'so... angry.... and.... enraged!\' only to faint under excitement. One of the Drama students, Meg, revives him. Later, as Conrad sits in his bed, his obese director visits him. After a long talk about his death arrangements, Conrad closes his eyes and tricks the director into believing he is dead. Then, the director denounces him until Conrad springs up and smothers him with a pillow. After Conrad dies, the seven drama students, Meg, Saint, Bob, Eve, Donna, Oscar, and Stu, go to the cemetery after dark, they sneak into the tomb where Conrad\'s coffin resides. The lights turn on and they see a film of Conrad stating that he welcomes them into his tomb, unless,he says, they have broken in. Creeped out, Meg asks them not to take Conrad, but they do, and take him to an old mansion where they stay for the night. That night, Conrad\'s coffin explodes, and he rises from the dead. Later, Oscar and Donna are having sex but Donna says she is scared. Oscar goes to investigate and has his tongue ripped out by Conrad in the attic. Donna becomes worried and walks outside only to see Conrad, who uses black magic to set her on fire. Later, the five remaining teens realize that Oscar and Donna are missing and begin to look for them. Bob however is put in a trance by Conrad and walks to Conrad\'s tomb, only to suffocate from vapors that are released inside the crypt. Eve decides to watch a movie and is lured out of her room by the sound of Donna\'s voice, only to be smashed into the wall by Conrad\'s coffin, and hidden with Oscar\'s body. Meg, Saint, and Stu realize that the other two are now missing and begin to panic, and Meg decides she\'s going to tell the police. Stu runs upstairs to get a flashlight since Saint\'s car will not start, only to be decapitated by Conrad who then sends his severed head out onto the front lawn of the mansion. Meg and Saint venture outside looking for Stu and find Donna\'s burnt body, and hurry back inside. Saint decides to try to fix his car, while Conrad traps Meg in the attic, where she impales him with a cross. Saint safely hides her unconscious body and takes Conrad\'s body with him to put back in the crypt, while the police arrive to the mansion finding a delirious Meg and all her dead friends. At the cemetery, Conrad attacks Saint and puts him in the crematorium, and goes back to his grave. A while later, his wife and his psychic friend arrive to say their final goodbyes to the "dead" Conrad, only Conrad kills his psychic after she steals his jewelry from his body, and his wife locks the crypt for forever. The final scene shows a video being played on the television installed in the crypt of Conrad informing the audience that he will see us in hell.'] [' While investigating Halley\'s Comet, the crew of the space shuttle Churchill finds a 150-mile long spaceship hidden in the corona of the comet. Upon entering the alien craft, the crew finds hundreds of dead, shrivelled bat-like creatures and three naked humanoid bodies  in suspended animation within glass coffin-like containers. The crew recovers the three aliens and begins the return trip to Earth. During the return journey, mission control loses contact with the shuttle as it nears Earth and a rescue mission is launched to investigate. The rescuers discover that the Churchill has been severely damaged by fire, with its internal components destroyed, and the three containers bearing the aliens are all that remain intact. The aliens are taken to the European Space Research Centre in London where they are watched over by Dr. Leonard Bukovski  and Dr. Hans Fallada . Prior to an autopsy, the female alien  awakens and sucks the titular "life force" out of a guard. The female then escapes the research facility and proceeds to drain various other humans of their life force, also revealing an ability to shape-shift.{{cite news}} and seek out other humans in order to absorb their life force, thereby perpetuating the zombie virus. The absorbed life force consumed by the zombies is collected by the male vampires to deliver to the female vampire, who then transfers the accumulated energy to a waiting spaceship in Earth\'s orbit. Fallada manages to impale one of the male vampires with a sword made of leaded iron and surmises that the space vampire race is actually the origin of the human vampire myth. Carlsen then admits to Caine that, whilst on the shuttle, he felt compelled to open the female vampire\'s container and to share his life force with her. Carlsen realizes that his psychic connection is being used to lure him back to the alien so she can regain the life force shared with him earlier. She is later found lying upon a church\'s altar, transferring the energy from infected humans to her spaceship. Caine follows Carlsen into the church and is intercepted by the second male vampire, whom he dispatches using the leaded iron sword obtained from Fallada . Caine relocates Carlsen but the colonel manages to impale himself and the female alien simultaneously as a sacrifice for the benefit of Earth. However, the female vampire is only wounded and returns to her ship with Carlsen in tow, releasing a burst of energy that destroys the top of the church building. The two ascend the column of light that leads to the spaceship which then returns to the comet it came from.'] ['The film is about a zombie named Otto who hitched a ride to Berlin and begins to explore the city. Otto is discovered by underground filmmaker Medea Yarn, who begins to make a documentary about him with the support of her girlfriend, Hella Bent, and her brother Adolf. Medea is trying to finish Up with Dead People, the epic political-porno-zombie movie that she has been working on and convinces its star, Fritz Fritze, to allow the vulnerable Otto to stay in his guest bedroom. Otto discovers that he has a wallet that contains information about his past life, remembering details about his ex-boyfriend, Rudolf. He arranges to meet him at the schoolyard where they met, with devastating results.'] ['The film is an anthology of four Halloween-related scary stories. One common element that ties the stories together is the presence of Sam  , a mysterious pint-sized trick-or-treater wearing shabby orange pajamas with a burlap sack over his head. He makes an appearance in all the stories as a \'friendly-reminder\' to those who break Halloween traditions.TRICK \'R TREAT  Emma  and her holiday-obsessed husband, Henry  have set up numerous ghost-scarecrows for Halloween in their yard. After returning home from a Halloween party, Emma tries to blow out a jack-o\'-lantern by their fence, but Henry tells her not to because it\'s against tradition to extinguish a jack-o\'-lantern on Halloween; she blows it out anyway, as she hates Halloween and other traditions. While Henry is inside waiting for Emma to take down the decorations, she is murdered by an unknown assailant with a large blade-shaped pumpkin lollipop. Later, Henry goes outside and finds Emma\'s severed head, with the giant lollipop in its mouth, hung up on one of the ghost-scarecrows, her limbs chopped off and hanged.  Steven Wilkins , the town principal, spots Charlie ([[Brett Kelly , a young fat kid, stealing candy from his yard. Smiling, he places him down at his front door and talks to him about candy and stealing, carving out a jack-o-lantern, and he gives him a candy. Charlie eats the candy, which turns out to be poisoned, and throws up large amounts of chocolate and blood before he dies. Wilkins drags him to his house, and then returns it outside. There, Wilkins buries Charlie in his backyard, along with another unknown body, and has a run-in with his neighbor, Mr. Kreeg ([[Brian Cox , and his dog. After finishing the burial, Wilkins sees Kreeg screaming from his window, begging for help; Wilkins disregards this and Kreeg is knocked down by an unknown assailant. Later, Wilkins arrives in his basement, where he helps his son Billy  carve a "jack-o\'-lantern" in their basement, which is revealed to be Charlie\'s severed head. The sequence ends with Billy saying, "But don\'t forget to help me with the eyes."  Five kids, Macy ; Schrader ; Sara ; Chip ; and Rhonda , a savant, journey to the local rock quarry where Macy tells them the local urban legend of "The Halloween School Bus Massacre". Thirty years ago, a school bus containing eight children, all mentally challenged to the point of being chained to their seats was driving on their way home from school. Instead of taking the usual route, the bus driver took the road to the quarry. He stops at the top of a ravine, and checks their chains. However, one kid manages to free his chains and gets to the front seat. While trying to control the bus, he accidentally puts the bus in gear, which causes it to crash into the lake at the bottom of the quarry; the bus driver was the only one who survived, and it is unknown what happened to him. Macy reveals that the children\'s parents paid the bus driver to kill them to end their "burden". As the group investigates the quarry, the group play a School Bus Massacre prank on Rhonda in which they pretend to have been murdered, then dress up in zombie costumes and chase Rhonda until she falls and knocks herself out. Schrader tends to her and tells the others that its time to leave. While cleaning up with Chip and Sara, Macy kicks a jack-o-lantern into the lake. This proves to be a deadly mistake, as the school bus children suddenly rise from the water. Chip and Rhonda hear the screams of the others and Schrader - thinking it\'s another prank - goes to back to find them. After he does, informs him in a panic that the legend is real and they need to leave. As the School Bus children chase them, they manage to grab hold of the chains which Sara is wearing as part of her costume, ultimately she is dragged away and killed. Meanwhile, Rhonda has locked herself in the elevator leading out of the quarry. Despite the others begging her to open it, she takes her revenge for the prank and rides it up herself as the School Bus children corner them. They are heard being dismembered and eaten alive by Rhonda as she steps out of the elevator. She spots Sam watching her, sitting on a cement pipe, and leaves.  Laurie , a self-conscious 22-year-old virgin, is getting dressed in costumes with her older sister Danielle  and their two friends Maria  and Janet . Annoyed by their talk about boys, she stays behind and plans to join them later. The other girls find local men to bring with them to a party in the woods. Later, alone on her way to the party, Laurie is attacked by a vampire dressed in black . Meanwhile, Danielle, Maria, and Janet party at a bonfire with the men they brought, with Danielle worried about Laurie. The vampire\'s body suddenly drops from a tree onto the party and Laurie appears. The "vampire" is revealed to be Principal Wilkins in disguise wearing fake fangs. The girls at the party, along with Laurie, suddenly transform into werewolves, removing their skins, and is revealed that Laurie\'s "virginity" is actually that she has never killed anyone as a werewolf. The girls devour their dates along with Wilkins. Sam is shown sitting on a nearby log, watching them.  Kreeg, a cantankerous, Halloween-hating, curmudgeon lives alone with his dog, Spite, as his only companion. Kreeg shows his disgust for Halloween by scaring away trick-or-treaters. While at his house, Kreeg is attacked by Sam. During the struggle, Kreeg rips off the sack over Sam\'s head to reveal his head to be a cross between a jack-o-lantern and a human skull. Kreeg runs to his window calling for Mr. Wilkins to help him, but is tackled by Sam. Kreeg gains the upper hand when he manages to fire his shotgun at Sam, seemingly killing him, in the process shooting off one of Sam\'s hands. As Kreeg dials 9-1-1, Sam re-attaches his hand and rises. Sam then attacks him again, stabbing at him with a large pumpkin sucker out of which he has taken a bite, rendering it sharp. Kreeg, however, smashes his nearby wine bottle, using it as a weapon. This proves futile, as Sam twists his wrist until it breaks. As he delivers the killing stroke, he finds that the sucker has lodged itself into a piece of chocolate from which Kreeg had earlier taken a bite. Sam, taking the sucker wedged into the chocolate, walks away. Meanwhile, pictures burning slowly in a nearby fireplace show a class photo of the masked children from the "School Bus Massacre" and the bus driver, who is revealed to be Kreeg himself.  Bandaged and bruised from his encounter with Sam, Kreeg answers his door to give candy to trick-or-treaters, thus following Halloween tradition. While on his porch, he spots Sam walk over to Emma and Henry\'s house just after she blows out the jack-o\'-lantern. Rhonda walks across the street in a trance and is almost hit by the laughing, human-form werewolf girls in their vehicle, presumably to drive to another town as they do every Halloween. Young Billy Wilkins is sitting on his porch handing out candy and wearing a "Principal Wilkins" costume. Kreeg then walks back inside when there\'s another knock at the door. He opens the door to find the kids from the School Bus Massacre standing there with their bags outstretched, saying, "Trick r\' Treat". The ending is rendered as comic book pages showing the bus driver\'s fate at the hands of the undead children.'] ['The Creed family moves into a new home, close to a road where truckers often drive unsafely. They befriend their neighbour, Jud Crandall, who tells them about a nearby pet cemetery which was built on Indian burial grounds and is rumored to be haunted. Later, Louis Creed, working at the University of Maine at Orono health center, treats Victor Pascow, who has been hit by a truck and incurred massive head injuries. Pascow dies after grabbing Louis, addressing him by name, and uttering a cryptic message. He also promises to "come to" him. That night, in what is seemingly a dream, Victor visits Louis, warning him about the burial ground beyond the pet cemetery. Louis wakes up to find his feet covered in dirt. Church, a cat owned by Louis\' daughter Ellie, is killed by a truck on the road in front of their house while Rachel, Ellie and Gage are in Chicago. Jud takes Louis to an ancient Micmac Indian burial ground beyond the pet cemetery they visited earlier and buries the cat. Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of himself. He attacks Louis and reeks of decomposition. Louis asks if a person was ever buried in the grounds. Jud replies, "Christ on His throne, no. And whoever would?" Sometime later, Louis\' young son Gage is killed by a truck on the same road. Louis considers burying Gage in the burial grounds. Jud tries to dissuade him from doing so, telling him about a young man from town, Timmy Baterman, who died in service during World War II. Timmy\'s father, Bill, placed his son\'s corpse into the Micmac burial ground, only to have it reanimate and terrify the townsfolk. Jud and three of his friends tried burning down the house with the son in it, but Bill was attacked by Timmy and they both perished in the fire. Ellie and Rachel travel to Chicago, but Ellie has had a bad dream about her father, Gage and Pascow. She begs Louis to go with them, but he declines. Louis heads to the cemetery Gage is buried in, intending to exhume his son\'s body. He is met at the graveyard by Pascow, who warns him not to proceed. In Chicago, Ellie has a nightmare, stating that "Paxcow" warned her that Louis is going to do something really bad, and that he is trying to help because Louis tried to save his life. Rachel, with a little help from Pascow\'s ghost, realizes who her daughter is talking about and calls Jud after Louis does not answer the phone. She asks if he has seen Louis, and then tells him she is returning. Jud warns her not to, but she has already hung up. Louis takes his son\'s corpse to the Micmac burial ground. Pascow\'s spirit unsuccessfully tries to stop Louis. Louis returns home, exhausted from his activities. Gage later arrives and enters his father\'s room, removing a scalpel from one of his bags. Gage enters Jud\'s house and kills Jud while Church watches. Rachel arrives home, hearing something that sounds like her late sister, Zelda, calling her name, then Gage\'s laughter. Rachel enters Jud\'s house and finds Gage in an upstairs bedroom. Gage tells her he brought her something and shows her Louis\' scalpel. Rachel hugs her son in disbelief. Louis wakes up to find Gage\'s muddy footprints on the floor, his doctor\'s bag open and his scalpel gone. He receives a call from Gage saying, "Come play with me daddy! First I played with Jud, and then I played with mommy. We had an awful good time. Now I want to play wiff yewww." Preparing shots of morphine, Louis heads to Jud\'s house, running into Church once more. He distracts the cat with a raw steak, then kills him with a shot of morphine. He heads into the house, once more taunted by Gage. Louis searches the house only to have Rachel\'s corpse fall from the attic, hanged by her neck. Gage attacks his father, but Louis injects the boy with a morphine shot, killing him. Louis soaks the house in kerosene and sets it on fire, carrying his wife\'s body out. Pascow watches, and tells Louis he is sorry, and not to bury Rachel in the same place. Louis replies that he waited too long with Gage, and that it will work with his wife because she just died. Louis walks through Pascow, who vanishes screaming. At home, Louis plays solitaire while he waits. At midnight, Rachel comes through the kitchen door. She coos "Darling..." and the two embrace kissing as it is revealed that her face is ravaged and oozing cranial fluid. Rachel reaches for a knife on the kitchen table. The screen blacks out as Louis screams.'] ['After losing her family farm to the bank, local beauty pageant winner Rene , decides to leave the small town of Berkeley. A number of strange meteorites are seen falling nearby, turning the local inhabitants into zombies. Rene and other survivors hide in the home of gun nut and alien abductee Marion . Marion has a large cache of guns and a basement fallout shelter, but he never had a chance to stock it with food or water. The group ventures outside to scavenge, but encounter the zombies. Marion shoots one in the head and discover that is the way to keep the creatures down. They abandon the house, going to the garage to get Marion\'s van. They try to flee, only to find a huge barrier surrounding the entire town, which Marion blames on the aliens that had taken him. There is also a slightly acidic rain that falls at very regular intervals and the group is careful to not to get wet. Later, they are confronted by glowing, hooded figures. One by one, the group is either killed or pulled up into the clouds until only Rene is left. The aliens stop her and she is sprayed with the rainlike chemical, which turns out to be a cure for the infection. The Aliens are actually there to keep the zombie infection from spreading. The "abducted" are floating in suspended animation above the clouds to keep them safe. Their job done, the aliens leave, unaware that Wayne , presumed dead, managed to escape by plane and will spread the infection after they left. The townspeople are rushed to the hospital to treat the injured. Unfortunately, Wayne transforms into a zombie, first infecting Marion and then spreading the plague once again. The film ends at Rene\'s farm where the survivors are staying. The final shot is of the farm with a fenced-in area nearby, containing the zombified residents of Berkeley. Rene stands guard with a triple barreled shotgun and a gas mask, waiting for the return of the aliens.'] ["The film is set in the Midwestern American Raccoon City, whose citizens have been transformed into zombies after becoming infected with the T-virus, a biological weapon secretly developed by the pharmaceutical company Umbrella. A military squad – consisting of leader Claus  and his men Roger , Ed , Robert  and Norman  – is sent into the city by the company. Members of the Umbrella Biohazard Countermeasure Service, a group specialized in containing biohazard outbreaks caused by Umbrella,{{cite video game}} their objective is to rescue Dr. Cameron , a female scientist researching a new virus. The squad tracks a signal from her ID card, and is drawn to a warehouse, where Robert is killed during a surprise attack from an unidentified monster. The team blows the creature to pieces, but is unaware of its ability to transfer its mind to other life forms. The squad leaves to chase Dr. Cameron's now-moving signal to a manhole, and the monster follows them in the body of a crow. Norman and Roger accompany Claus into the sewers, while Ed stands guard on the street. Underground, the team finds Dr. Cameron's equipment, and is attacked by a dog. After shooting the dog, they see the doctor's ID card attached to it. Roger, who is a higher-up within Umbrella, reveals to the others that the true purpose of their mission was not to rescue Dr. Cameron, but to collect her research data regarding a new virus capable of regenerating genes. She was infected with her creation, and mutated into the monster that the squad had fought at the warehouse. While Claus, Norman and Roger return to the surface, Ed is killed by the crow, and transforms into a creature similar to the one in the warehouse. This new monster kills Norman, but Claus and Roger can barely escape in a humvee, using a machine gun attached to the vehicle to destroy it. As the two men drive out of the city, Claus asks about the virus. Roger explains how it fuses with genes, enabling Dr. Cameron to regenerate her body in other life forms, and thus making her nearly immortal. Roger then impales Claus with tentacles, pinning him to the seat. At this point, Roger is revealed to have two faces, the second one being Dr. Cameron's. The researcher explains that she was watching them in the body of the dog while they were in the warehouse, and that she realized that Umbrella was pursuing her research data. Dr. Cameron tells Claus that he and his team turned out to be perfect guinea pigs for the virus she had created, and that she will continue her experiments, trying to return herself to a human form. Using tentacles, she rips Claus' face apart."] ['The film starts off with a police-escorted prisoner, who is being transported under the supervision of Interpol. The route leads them through the city of Pančevo, where they encounter an ecological holocaust and the people infected by the biohazard, who are trying to kill them. Two Interpol agents, Mortimer Reyes and Mina Milius, soon realize that their only chance for escape from the zombie hordes lies in allying with the dangerous, mysterious prisoner.<ref namehttp://www.quietearth.us/articles/2009/08/29/Review-of-Serbias-ZONE-OF-THE-DEAD|titleQuiet Earth|firstOgnjanovic|date9 October 2012}}'] ['At the start of the film, the US Government has ordered a branch of the US Military to discontinue tests concerning "the C.H.U.D. project", which is built around the idea that enzymes taken from the sewer dwelling creatures from C.H.U.D. can make hyper-effective killing machines in the army. For reasons that are unclear even to those who watch the film, the last specimen of the experiment  is hidden away in a Centre for Disease Control in a small American town, where a trio of bumbling teenagers accidentally steal and reawaken him. Bud escapes and begins to forge an army of C.H.U.D.s.'] ["A critically injured woman, victim of a motorcycle accident, is taken to the plastic surgery clinic of Doctor Dan Keloid, where some of her intact tissue is treated to become morphogenetically neutral. The tissue is grafted to fire-damaged areas of her body in the hope that it will differentiate and replace the damaged skin and organs. The woman's body unexpectedly accepts the transplants, developing an orifice under an armpit, within which hides a phallic stinger. She uses it to feed on the blood of other people and afterwards erasing their memories of the incident. It soon is apparent that every victim whom she infects transforms into a rabid zombie whose bite spreads the disease. This eventually causes the city to fall into chaos before the outbreak can be contained."] ['In it, Ossorio introduces the concept that the Knights Templar  come back from the dead as zombie-like revenants. Their blindness is explained as the result of their eyes having been pecked out by birds after their hanged bodies were left on the gallows. The story follows a couple who run into an old friend on vacation. The man invites the woman along for a train trip, but his girlfriend  jumps off the train and ends up spending the night in the ruins where the Templars are buried. The Templars wake up from the trance and kill her. The rest of the movie follows the efforts by the victim\'s boyfriend and girlfriend to find out what happened. The film is notable for the slow, creepy atmosphere it maintains throughout. The zombie Knights Templar are blind and hunt by sound, leading to several sequences where characters are attempting to be as quiet as possible so as not to be found and killed. Although the Knights are identifiable by their uniforms, they are never called "Templars" in the movie; they are referred to as "Knights from the East." Ossorio objected to the description of the living dead Templars as "zombies," insisting that they more resembled mummies and that, unlike zombies, the Templars were not mindless corpses.'] ['The story centers on a Voodoo queen using zombies to take revenge on a group of White gangsters: helping her out is the Voodoo lord of the dead, Baron Samedi. The zombies in this film more closely resemble the creatures of voodoo legend - i.e. the walking dead who do the bidding of a human master - than the flesh-eating living dead ghouls now currently popular. According to the film, the zombies are the preserved bodies of slaves brought to the United States from Guinea.'] ['In 1968, an infected man from Russia, Rubinsky , is being operated at a military hospital when soldiers arrive and begin to shoot all of those who are in the building. One of the students, DeLuca, at the hospital steals a strange vial, but he is shot by the soldiers as he attempts to escape, while the soldiers in the hospital snipe any one that has been in contact with the infected man. The zombies kill three of the soldiers and multiple hospital orderly. The rest of the zombies are killed when C4 is detonated by sharpshooters outside the hospital. Thirty-seven years later, in 2005, a group of patients at the same hospital from 1968, consisting of Boris , Jackie , Isaac  and Sam  and their doctor, Donwynn , uncover a strange thermos buried in the soil in the yard of a hospital. Sam attempts to open it, but they are unable to due to it being rusted shut. Donwynn entrusts Sam with keeping it safe, but Isaac feels that something bad will happen if the thermos is opened. While Sam and Boris are distracted with watching a movie, Jackie sneaks away with the thermos and runs to the bathroom to open. Isaac and Emma  have a romantic encounter , but Marshall  attacks them. Marshall and Donwynn take the two back to their dorms for the night. Sam discovers that Jackie stole the thermos, and the others discover that he took it. Jackie opens the thermos, and a strange object falls from it, unknowingly releasing a virus, infecting the entire group. Doctor Heller  talks to Donwynn about his patients’ behavior, while Marshall and other staff take them back to their dorms. He claims that Jackie and the other students are breaking the rules of the hospital, while, in truth, they aren’t. Emma, Patty  and Vicky  are locked in padded rooms for their “behavior.” That night, those who were in the bathroom begin to show signs of sickness. Donwynn contacts Jerry  by email about the item that was in the thermos, hoping to get an answer as to what it is. The next day, Donwynn awakes to discover Sam having a seizure and the rest discover that they all have skin on their bodies that is dead and peeling. Emma, namely due to her “encounter” with Isaac, has tests ran on her, and she is told that she is pregnant . Emma attacks Marshall when he keeps bothering her about the results of her test, and she bites him on the arm when he tries to move her to another room. Sam, Jackie and Boris begin to show advanced signs of infection, including rotting flesh, varicose veins, and coughing up blood. Dr. Heller orders the hospital under quarantine and the doctors the right to bear arms, and to shoot anyone from Dorm 1 in the head that attacks them. Donwynn receives a video reply from Jerry, who tells him not to open the thermos, and that it contains a deadly virus that mutates humans into zombies. Jerry plans to visit hospital the next day. Marshall dies of his infection. The next morning, everyone is called to the front desk of the hospital to receive a vial of medicine. Ava  informs Donwynn that the virus is a flesh-eating virus that kills its host. Patty and Vicky get into a fight, and have to be broken up by Derber . Pete senses that Donwynn smells dead, and goes crazy, giving Patty a chance to steal one of Derber’s handguns, and escape to see Emma. Patty shoots and kills one of the security guards. Isaac discovers that each of those that were infected by the virus feel each other’s pain. Marshall reanimates as a zombie and kills Dr. Heller. While trying to find Emma, Patty shoots Isaac, but he revives and is unharmed. Marshall breaks free from his cell and kills a security guard. Jerry arrives at the hospital just as Donwynn returns to the hospital, and informs the patients of truly what the virus is, and how it works. He also reveals that each of them are dead “by human standards.” Jerry also reveals that those infected with the virus are highly contagious. Jerry soon informs the patients of how the virus was first released. The zombified Marshall is shot to death by the hospital’s police force. Boris mutates into a zombie, and bites Jerry, causing Jackie and Sam to attack him also, and the three devour him while Isaac and Emma barely escape with their lives. Patty reanimates as a zombie and bites Derber as he tries to help her. Early the next morning, Dr. Heller has reanimated as a zombie. Jackie, Sam and Boris have reanimated as zombies and they taunt the surviving patients from outside the room. Dr. Heller enters the room where Vicky is hiding, but he is distracted when the infected Charlie enters the room, and is chased away by Dr. Heller. The patients in the dining room all reanimate as zombies and they begin to devour the police officers. The survivors escape into the kitchen of the hospital, but are forced to escape into the back hallway. Patty finds Vicky in the medical room, and kills her while searching for Emma. The majority of the zombies escape from the hospital and they head out into the city. The survivors manage to reach the medical room, where Emma goes into labor and the last police officer is killed. The zombies begin to kill people in the city, Charlie among the victims. Boris, Jackie and Sam break into the room, attacking Isaac, Emma and Donwynn, trying to convince them that they don’t want to hurt any of them. Boris kills Ava, and Isaac, in the later stages of the infection, commits suicide with the last round of a pistol. The movie ends with the zombies attacking a camera crew recording the carnage.'] ['Shaun  is a salesman whose life has no direction. His younger colleagues show him no respect, he has a rocky relationship with his stepfather, Phillip , a tense relationship with his housemate, Pete , because of Ed , Shaun\'s crude best friend who lives on their couch and deals marijuana, and his girlfriend, Liz , is dissatisfied with their social life, as it consists primarily of spending every evening at the Winchester, Shaun and Ed\'s favourite pub. They never do anything alone together – Shaun always brings Ed, and Liz brings her flatmates, David  and Dianne . After a miserable day at work, Shaun meets an old friend, Yvonne , who asks him what he and Liz are doing for their anniversary, which makes him realise he forgot to book a table at a restaurant, as he had promised to do. Faced with this, Liz breaks up with him. Shaun drowns his sorrows with Ed at the Winchester. The two return home late and spin electro records, only to have Pete confront them, who is suffering a headache after being mugged and bitten by "some crackheads". Pete berates Shaun and tells him to sort his life out. Shaun resolves to do so. The next morning, an uprising of zombies has overwhelmed the town, but Shaun is too busy dealing with his problems and too hungover to notice. He and Ed become aware of what is happening after watching reports on TV, as zombies attack their house. After fighting back with weapons from the shed, they decide they need to go somewhere safe. Shaun and Ed decide that the safest place they know is the Winchester, and they plan to collect Shaun\'s mother, Barbara , Phillip, Liz, and her flatmates. Shaun discovers that a naked Pete is still in the house and is now a zombie, and he and Ed escape in Pete\'s car. After collecting Barbara and Phillip, who is bitten in the process, they switch cars and drive in Phillip\'s Jaguar and head to Liz, Dianne and David\'s flat, and collect them. Before they make it to the Winchester, Phillip dies of his bite, after he manages to make peace with Shaun. Abandoning the car as Phillip turns into a zombie, they set off on foot, bumping into Yvonne and her own band of survivors. Discovering that the path is infested with zombies, they devise a plan to sneak by, but Ed and Shaun get into an argument and the zombies are alerted. David smashes the window while Shaun distracts the zombies. Everyone takes refuge inside the pub, and Shaun joins them after giving the zombies the slip. After several hours, the zombies return. Ed gives away their position and the zombies converge on the pub. Shaun discovers that the Winchester rifle above the bar is functional and they use it to fend off the zombies. Barbara reveals a bite wound she picked up along the way and dies, becomes a zombie, and is reluctantly shot by a heartbroken Shaun. David is dismembered and disembowelled by the zombies, as a frantic Dianne unbolts the door to rescue him, exposing Shaun, Liz and Ed to the zombies. Ed prepares a Molotov cocktail to fend them off, but Pete arrives and bites him. He manages to get over the bar and Shaun uses the cocktail to set fire to the bar. They escape into the cellar. Trapped, they contemplate suicide, then discover a service hatch. Shaun and Liz escape through the hatch as a mortally wounded Ed stays behind with the rifle. Back on the street, as Shaun and Liz prepare to fight the zombies once more, the British Army arrives and they are rescued. Yvonne, who has also survived, shows up and tells Shaun and Liz to follow her. They approach the safety of the trucks, reconciled. Six months after the outbreak, the uninfected have returned to daily life, while the remaining zombies, retaining their instincts, are used as cheap labour and entertainment. Liz and Shaun have moved in together in Shaun\'s house, and Shaun is keeping Ed, who is now a zombie, tethered in the shed and playing video games.'] ['Ethnobotanist/anthropologist Dennis Alan, in visiting the Amazon, receives a potion connecting him to his protective totem  through a series of visions, and is later guided by a jaguar from the Rainforest itself. Returned to Boston, he is sent to Haiti by a pharmaceutical corporation looking to investigate a drug used in Haitian Vodou, in the hope of using it for anesthesia. Alan\'s exploration in Haiti to find the drug, assisted by the doctor Marielle, draws the attention of the authorities, so that the commander of the Tonton Macoute, Captain Dargent Peytraud, warns Alan to leave Haiti. Alan refuses to leave, and continues to investigate. Eventually, he encounters a local witch doctor, Mozart, who can produce the drug; but Mozart sells him a substitute instead. Alan is arrested a second time by the Tonton Macoute and tortured; but again refuses to leave. Later he meets again with Mozart to obtain the true poison. A few hours before gaining this, Alan experiences a nightmare planted in his mind by Peytraud, and wakes beside a dead woman. The Tonton Macoutes then frame Alan for murder. Alan is brought to Peytraud, who places him on an airplane at gunpoint; whereupon Mozart gives him the drug in exchange for international fame. Alan thence returns to Boston to study the components and effects of the drug. At a celebration dinner, the wife of Alan\'s employer is possessed by Peytraud, who warns him of his own imminent death. Thereafter Alan returns to Haiti, where  he is buried alive. Having emerged he returns to the Tonton Macoute headquarters looking for Marielle. There, Alan and his jaguar spirit defeat Peytraud, prompting Marielle to say "The nightmare is over".'] ["Searching for the cure for cancer, a scientist creates a chemical that promotes cell growth. After being visited by a drug addict, the drugs and the cure are mixed up and misused by him and several prostitutes. They become zombified and begin biting people nearby. A small group of exotic dancers team up with the prostitutes' former pimp to defend their strip club, the Grindhouse, against a horde of blood-thirsty zombies. Four strippers in a nightclub, after their dance routines are over and the club is closing for the night, walk over to a nearby cafeteria for breakfast, when some hookers turn into zombies and attack them. Except for one stripper Pandora, played by Juliet Reeves, who couldn't make it till the end, the other 3 ladies manage to fight and decimate all the zombies and survive through it all. The prettiest and tallest of the 3 surviving strippers is Dakota, played by Playboy playmate Jessica Barton. She is the most popular  stripper of the club, but that comes with quite some attitude. During the course of the movie, she gives a lap dance to one of her lovers, but then he gets bitten and turns into a zombie. Dakota has to blow this lover-turned-zombie  with her gun. The second stripper is Dallas, played by Miss Oahu Lyanna Tumaneng. She is clearly the most courageous of the trio, as she braved zombie attacks to get the zombie antidote from the laboratory. The male lead Chris, played by Sean Harriman, was on the same mission alongside Dallas and managed to inject himself with the zombie antidote that they found in the lab. Eventually, Chris falls in love with her. The third stripper is Chris' sister Harley, played by Playboy playmate Hollie Winnard. She is a single mom of a little daughter and they stay with Chris and their grandmother. This was Harley's very first night at the club, where she plays a nervous rookie and she performs a quick but funny tease. As the battle between the zombies and the remaining survivors heats up, the zombies start to get the upper hand. Though the survivors are locked inside a safe room, the buxom hooker-turned-zombie named Pamela, as played by Stephanie Miller, manages to get inside. In the skirmish, Chris loses to her strength, as Pamela bites him and takes a chunk off his forehead. But thanks to the zombie antidote in his blood, Pamela is soon blown to smithereens. Harley and Dakota do not understand what happened, so Dallas explains that exposing Chris' blood to the zombies is a sure way to destroy them all. To test the idea, Chris offers his right hand to a zombie outside the door, and upon biting Chris, that zombie is blown apart as well. Seeing the plan work so well, Dakota suggests that they should let 2 zombies into the room. The plan works well for the first couple of times, as 2 zombies are let into the room at a time, and after biting the shoulders of Chris, they are blown apart. But soon, a very weakened Chris collapses on the floor. Hell breaks loose, as all the remaining zombies manage to break into the room and attack them. With no other option to save the 3 girls, Chris gets up for his final action. He requests his sister Harley to take care of her daughter Jenna, whom Chris used to babysit back at home. He then gives a farewell kiss to his love interest Dallas. Chris offers himself to the pack of zombies, with the girls making no effort at all to stop him from doing so. At the outset, the zombies cut through Chris' ribs and eat up his heart, as the girls look on. Within a very short time, the zombies finish him off and then blow themselves apart as expected. The devouring of Chris by the zombies happens at a pretty high speed, instead of his arms, legs, torso, etc. being chomped step-by-step. Finally, all that is left of Chris are just some blood and flesh splattered on the club floor, along with that of the exploded zombies. With all zombies finally eliminated, the 3 girls wipe the goo off their hair and walk out of the nightclub in supermodel catwalk style, smiles of victory writ large on their face. Their outfits are still smeared with flesh and blood of zombies and Chris alike. Out in the open daylight, Dallas smilingly comments to Harley that they had a rough last night. Harley replies that it wasn't as much fun as she had hoped."] ['On Mars in the year 2046, in the Union Aerospace Corporation  Olduvai Research Facility, scientists are attacked and pulled into the darkness by an unseen monster. Doctor Carmack ([[Robert Russell  transmits a warning about a Level 5 security breach before the door behind him is torn open. He turns around and sees a large humanoid creature through the gap. On Earth, a team of eight Marines -  known as the RRTS Hellfighters  are preparing to go on leave. Their leave is cancelled when the squad leader, Sarge , receives new orders. Contact with Olduvai has been lost and the RRTS is being sent to investigate. The Mars station is quarantined and the 85 UAC employees on Mars are not allowed to return to Earth. As the men suit up, Sarge pulls aside John "Reaper" Grimm  and asks him not to go because Olduvai is where Reaper\'s parents died and his sister is still on the station. Reaper suits up anyway, and their team is deployed to Mars via a teleportation device called the "Ark", located at Area 51. The Ark was discovered in 2026, and scientists have been studying it. The team meets an early victim of the Ark system, Pinky , who "went to one galaxy while his ass went to another" during an Ark teleportation event . They meet up with Dr. Samantha Grimm , Reaper\'s sister. She briefs the RRTS that Doctor Carmacks division of the facility focused on genetic research has been quarantined off, with Carmack and five other scientists sealed inside. Sarge instructs his team that their mission is to eliminate the threat, secure the facility and retrieve UAC property; Dr. Grimm going into the genetics lab with the squad to recover Carmack\'s research data. Reaper converses with his sister and learns that they discovered humanoid remains on Mars, which, unlike humans, have an extra chromosome pair which granted them invulnerability to disease as well as advanced cellular regeneration. The team locates Carmack, who has gone mad to the point of tearing off his own ear. They return him to the lab and Grimm sedates him. The Marines explore the facility, encountering two of the five remaining scientists only to discover that they have been transformed into zombies, forcing them to kill them. After spotting and chasing a large creature through the facility, the team follows it into the sewer system, discovering the bloodied lab coat of a \'Doctor Steve Willits\'. Whilst the team is split up, an Imp ambushes Goat  and causes a mortal wound on his throat before being killed by Reaper and brought to Dr. Grimm, alongside the wounded Goat. Despite the best efforts of the RRTS, Goat dies in the lab. In response to the event, Sarge orders the 85 workers in the facility to evacuate back to Earth through the Ark with the exception of Dr. Grimm and Pinky, the latter being left to guard the Ark. After the evacuations are complete, Duke  remains with Dr. Grimm whilst she examines the remains of the Imp, and the two notice that Doctor Carmack has vanished from the infirmary. Moments later outside the lab they are attacked by an Imp which manages to lightly wound Duke before Dr. Grimm closes a nanowall on the creature, keeping it alive but trapping it halfway through the wall. Shortly afterwards, Dr. Grimm conducts an autopsy of the deceased Imp and discovers that it was once human. A second later Duke notices that Goat has returned to life as a zombie and broken free of the body bag containing him. Retaining some shred of his humanity and aware that he is turning, Goat prevents it by violently smashing his head into the observation room window to kill himself once again. Meanwhile, the rest of the RRTS return to the genetics lab and begin exploring the archeological digsite in the facility. While searching the caverns, the team discovers the bodies of two more of Carmack\'s scientists, leaving only Doctor Willits still unaccounted for. While Sarge and Reaper examine the bodies, Mac  is ambushed and immediately decapitated by the Hell Knight, the large humanoid monster seen prior. Convinced that the team is going to need some additional firepower to take on the creature, Sarge uses the severed hand of one of the scientists and takes the Bio Force Gun, dubbing it the "Big Fucking Gun." Elsewhere, Portman  leaves his post to use the restroom, leaving Destroyer  alone. In reality, Portman is going against Sarge\'s orders to maintain quarantine by sending out a transmission to Earth to request RRTS reinforcements. At the same time, Destroyer is attacked by the Hell Knight and thrown into a pit with electrified walls used as a prison cell. The two engage in a brutal melee fight before Destroyer manages to pin the Hell Knight to the electrified wall with a large pipe, attempting to climb a hanging chain out of the pit. Unfortunately as he reaches the top, the Hell Knight breaks loose and pulls the chain down, causing Destroyer to fall to his death. Shortly after the fight concludes, Portman successfully sends his transmission to Earth and is abruptly attacked by the Hell Knight which proceeds to hang him upside down from the ceiling and smash him violently through the stall walls. By time the rest of the RRTS arrive to help him he is dead and Sarge fails to hit the Hell Knight with the BFG before it retreats again. After being brought the bodies of Portman and Destroyer, Dr. Grimm determines that the genetics of the creatures have been altered by the addition of the 24th Martian chromosome, which led to their mutations and that the chromosome is spread by the ovipositors of those infected. She also reveals that the Imp trapped halfway through the nanowall is in fact Doctor Carmack, as identified due to his missing ear. She theorizes that the Imp killed in the sewers is the missing Doctor Willits. Losing his patience with Grimm, Sarge executes the transformed Carmack and interrogates her for an explanation of their research. After reviewing the research data Grimm collected from Carmack\'s lab, video footage is discovered which reveals that Carmack and his team deliberately injected the chromosome into a man named Curtis Stahl, a prisoner convicted of multiple murders before being given to the UAC instead of facing execution. The footage revealed that Stahl mutated into the Hell Knight, which led to him breaking loose and killing / infecting the research team. With four men KIA, the squad is reduced to Sarge, Reaper, The Kid , and Duke. The team realize that the Hell Knight is cutting through the vault door into the Ark in an attempt to escape to Earth. Sarge orders Pinky to detonate an ST grenade that Mac left him to destroy the Ark and prevent it from getting through. However, Pinky fails to and instead retreats through the Ark back to Earth and the Hell Knight chases him through. Sarge confirms the mission is no longer containment and orders the RRTS to head back to Earth to eliminate the Hell Knight. Reaper returns to the lab to bring Dr. Grimm, who reveals that the ovipositor of the creatures are selectively choosing what humans to infect. Reaper and Dr. Grimm theorize that the creatures pick up on genetic markers to make their decision, impulsively trying to infect people with "evil" tendencies  while ignoring those with more of a "good" personality . Dr. Grimm explains that the 24th chromosome would turn "good" people into super humans like the remains found on Mars, while those who are "evil" are turned into monsters. Meanwhile, the rest of the RRTS reach the UAC facility on Earth and find it full of corpses, the researchers from Olduvai and the base staff having been slaughtered by the Hell Knight when it came through. With the facility on automatic lock down to prevent anyone from leaving, the RRTS have a single hour before the lock down is lifted and the creatures can escape the facility. Sarge orders his men to kill anything alive in order to prevent the infection from spreading, leading them on a cleanup operation through the facility that leads them to kill a considerable number of UAC employees transformed into zombies. However, Sarge shows no distinction between targets and even kills survivors who do not show immediate signs of infection. While confirming the bodies in the facility are really dead, Duke discovers Pinky hiding under a pile of bodies and brings him back to the Ark chamber where Reaper and Dr. Grimm are trying to convince Sarge that not everyone is capable of being infected due to their "good" genes. Sarge doesn\'t heed them and prepares to execute Pinky before The Kid rushes into the room, stating that he found a large group of non-infected humans. Sarge orders him to return and kill them but The Kid refuses, resulting in Sarge executing him for insubordination. Reaper prepares to retaliate for the murder before Pinky aims a pistol at Sarge, ordering him to drop his rifle. The stand off is abruptly cut short when the Hell Knight enters the room, grabbing Pinky and fleeing into the halls with him in tow. The RRTS attempt to chase the creature down before they run directly into a horde of Zombies, making their stand at a nanowall that is malfunctioning and failing to shut. Duke is suddenly pulled through a vent in the floor by an Imp and killed while the zombies drag Sarge through the nanowall. Just then, the nanowall shuts and Reaper is hit in the gut by a ricochet from his own rifle. The two siblings flee the area and barricade themselves in a storage room. To save Reaper\'s life, Dr. Grimm injects Reaper with Chomosome 24. Instead of becoming a monster, Reaper awakens as a superhuman with enhanced speed, strength and healing abilities, his gunshot wound and other inflicted injuries having healed. Following Reaper\'s transformation and the discovery that Dr. Grimm is missing, the movie takes on a first-person shooter perspective. Within a few minutes, Reaper moves through the facility and slays an array of zombies and Imps, eventually having a showdown with the Hell Knight after severely burning it. Reaper successfully manages to kill the Hell Knight when he detonates a planted mine at its feet, blowing it to pieces. Shortly after, Reaper is attacked by Pinky, who has now transformed into a Demon after the Hell Knight infected him. After an intense and brutal fight, Reaper manages to incapacitate Pinky with the Hell Knight\'s chainsaw and proceeds to finish him off with his rifle. Switching back to a standard camera angle, Reaper emerges at the facility\'s exit. Bodies are scattered everywhere, and a melted blue hole in the wall, the mark of a BFG blast, is still cooling. Reaper finds Dr. Grimm lying on the floor, injured but alive. Sarge then appears, seemingly none the worse for wear, but Reaper notices the same injury on Sarge that Carmack had before he turned into an Imp. When asked what happened to the non-infected survivors, Sarge replies that he "took care of that problem"- he has killed them. Reaper tells Dr. Grimm to crawl to the elevator to the surface, intent on not letting Sarge leave the facility with the lock down only minutes from being lifted. After spending their last ammunition- Reaper\'s half of a magazine and Sarge\'s one round in the BFG, the two Marines battle hand to hand in the Ark chamber with their superhuman abilities. As Sarge manages to pin Reaper against a wall, he begins transforming, developing features such as a prominent skull structure, sharp teeth and yellow eyes. Without any other choice, Reaper activates the Ark and throws Sarge through, followed by a grenade. Sarge lands back in the Mars facility and soon notices the grenade. He and the Ark are obliterated in the explosion. Reaper retrieves Dr. Grimm, who is conscious but unable to walk, and holds her in his arms as he returns to the Earth\'s surface.'] ["The story involves a kindly small-town physician  who has secretly murdered his twin brother because of the latter's deep involvement in the occult sciences. Unfortunately, the twin has gone too far into the dark arts, and with the help of his assistant , come back as a vampire and sets out in revenge against his brother and his niece ."] ["Following the scenario of Night of the Living Dead, the United States  is devastated by a phenomenon which reanimates recently deceased human beings as flesh-eating zombies, for causes unknown. Despite efforts by the U.S. Government and local civil authorities to control the situation, society has effectively collapsed and the remaining survivors seek refuge. Some rural citizens and the military have been effective in fighting the zombies in open country; but cities are helpless. The chaos has apparently spread throughout the country, as evident by infrequent television and radio broadcasts. Confusion reigns at the WGON television studio in Philadelphia by the pandemic's third week, where staff member Stephen and his girlfriend Francine are planning to steal the station's traffic helicopter to escape the zombies. Meanwhile, Roger and his SWAT team raid an apartment building where the residents are ignoring the martial law of delivering the dead to National Guardsmen. Some residents attack with rifles, and are slaughtered by the SWAT operatives and by their own reanimated dead. During the raid, Roger meets Peter, part of another SWAT team, with whom he kills the zombies concealed below the building. That night, Roger and Peter escape Philadelphia with Francine and Stephen via helicopter. Following some close calls while stopping for fuel, the group comes across a shopping mall, which becomes their sanctuary. To make the mall safe for habitation, they kill its zombie population and block the entrance to keep the zombies outside from entering. During the operation, Roger becomes infected by the zombies' mutagen; but after clearing the mall of its zombies, the four live hedonistically upon its contents. Later, they come to perceive themselves imprisoned by the zombies, and reveal that Francine is four months pregnant. The men begin to consider leaving the mall; Stephen opposes the plan, but teaches Francine how to operate the helicopter in case of emergency. Roger eventually succumbs to his wounds, reanimates, and is shot by Peter. All emergency broadcast transmissions have ceased, suggesting that most civilization around them has collapsed. Later, a gang of motorcyclists sees the helicopter during one of Francine's training sessions and invade the mall, which allows hundreds of the zombies inside. While helping Peter fighting the bikers, Stephen is shot by in the arm and tries to escape through an elevator shaft, but is attacked by zombies. While defending himself against the undead marauders, he is bitten on the leg and neck, whereupon he succumbs to his wounds and dies. As the zombies consume many of the bikers, the survivors retreat with their stolen goods. Hours later, zombies open the elevator doors and reveal Stephen, now a zombie, who leads a large group of the undead to Francine and Peter. As Stephen enters the room, Peter kills Stephen while Francine escapes to the roof. He then locks himself in a room and contemplates suicide by pointing a gun to his head. However, when a zombie bursts into the room, Peter changes his mind and fights his way up to the roof, where he joins Francine. The two then fly away in the partially fueled helicopter to an uncertain future.  According to the original screenplay, Peter and Francine were to kill themselves, and the ending credits would run over a shot of the helicopter's blades turning until the engine winds down.Dawn Of The Dead Script at Script-o-Rama During production it was decided to change the ending of the film. Much of the foreshadowing of the two suicides remained in the film, as when Francine waits for Peter and Peter puts a gun to his head, ready to shoot himself. An additional scene, showing a zombie having the top of its head cut off by the helicopter  was included early in the film. Romero has stated that the original ending was scrapped before being shot, although behind the scenes photos show the original version was at least tested. The head appliance made for Fran's suicide was instead depicted shot from its owner during the SWAT raid, made-up to resemble a bearded African American male.Alternate 'Dawn' ending surfaces. at Horrorexpress.com"] ["In 1927, Louisiana's Seven Doors Hotel is the scene of a vicious murder as a lynch mob crucifies and pours quicklime upon an artist named Schweick, whom they believe to be a warlock. The artist's murder opens one of the seven doors of death, which exist throughout the world and allow the dead to cross into the world of the living. Several decades later, a young woman from New York inherits the hotel and plans to re-open it for business. But her renovation work activates the hell-portal, and soon she and a local doctor find themselves having to deal with living dead, a ghost of a blind girl who seeks to get them to leave the house, a mystic tome called the Book of Eibon that supposedly contains the answers to the nightmare at hand, face-eating tarantulas, a young girl whose murdered parents become zombies and is herself possessed by undead spirits — and Schweick, who has returned as a malevolent, indestructible corpse, apparently in control of the supernatural forces. All hope is lost by the end, as the hero and heroine find themselves transported impossibly from a hospital stairway back to the hotel's basement. They enter a wasteland that Schweick was seen painting at the beginning of the film. After wandering around amidst fog and lifeless mummified bodies, the two go blind and fade into oblivion."] ["In a remote wilderness loggers and environmental activists must join together to survive against zombies resulting from a logging company's genetic experiments in an attempt to increase lumber production which will in theory lead to a 15% increase in profit. A lumberjack is injured when cutting a tree which has been spiked by environmentalists. He is infected by genetically modified tree sap, causing him to turn into a zombie."] ['Two romantic couples, consisting of four teenagers, decide to spend a weekend together located in a remote cabin found in the woods. An unseen force stalks and watches the group without their knowledge. Ellen  and her boyfriend Bruce  enter the woods to have a picnic lunch. The other couple, Scotty  and Shelly, remain at the cabin playing Monopoly to pass time. During their lunch, Bruce announces to Ellen that they\'re camping on a Indian Burial Ground. Ellen is concerned, but Bruce assures her that they will be fine aslong as they don\'t disturb the graves of the dead. Bruce then explores the area and discovers an ancient dagger belonging to the Indians. Ignoring his own advice, he takes the dagger with him. After lunch, Ellen takes a nap. When she awakes, she finds Bruce missing and wonders into the woods looking for him. To her horror, she finds Bruce\'s dead body, horrible mutilated with apparent knife wounds. She is then startled by the presence of an demonic entity hiding within the woods, and quickly runs back to the cabin. While fleeing, she is attacked by unseen forces. She runs back to the cabin and screams to be let in immediately, being let in just as the entity is approaching her. Ellen tells her friends that Bruce has been murdered, but Scotty dismisses the whole thing as a joke and goes to find Bruce. Shelly, Scotty\'s girlfriend, and Ellen are concerned when Scotty doesn\'t return right away. Ellen walks outside to begin a search for the missing men, but a possessed Bruce assaults and strangles her, eventually stabbing her in the neck with the dagger that he found. Shelly is murdered while Bruce moans "join us." Ellen encounters her possessed friend and flees into another room, grabbing knives to protect her. Something attempts to enter the room where Ellen is hiding, and she blindly lashes out with a knife - mistakenly stabbing Scotty who had just returned to the cabin. While horrified, Ellen is then attacked by the possessed Bruce. Ellen manages to trap Bruce outside, stabbing Bruce\'s hand several times in the process. The bleeding Scotty tells Ellen to look into the cellar for the gun they brought along. While walking down the stairs to the cellar, she trips on a broken step and injures herself. After finding the gun, she goes back up stairs and discovers that Scotty had been stabbed to death while she was downstairs. The demonic Bruce then attacks her, but she manages to cut off his hand. Ellen attempts to flee but is severely beaten by the possessed Bruce, who throws her around the cabin. While being strangled, Ellen picks up Bruce\'s mutilated hand which is still holding the dagger found from before, and she uses it to stab Bruce. A large amount of blood is expended by Bruce, who lies motionless for a moment, only to then continue his assault on Ellen. Ellen mutilates Bruce\'s body even further with an axe, chopping off nearly every limb from the writhing body. Severely disturbed by the things she has witnessed, Ellen rocks back and forth muttering to herself. Suddenly, the corpse of Scotty springs up, staring at the oblivious Ellen. The movie ends there.'] ['Two months after a mutated strain of mad cow disease has turned most humans into cannibal zombies, unaffected college student "Columbus"  is making his way to Columbus, Ohio to see whether his parents are still alive. He encounters "Tallahassee" , another survivor who seeks Twinkies. They travel together. They later meet "Wichita"  and her younger, 12-year-old sister "Little Rock" . The sisters were con artists before the catastrophe, and have little trouble tricking the two guys into handing over their weapons and stealing their vehicle. Later, the two men find a Hummer loaded with weapons, but when they meet the girls again, the girls once more gain the upper hand, taking their weapons and car. Tallahassee manages to wrestle away Little Rock\'s gun, resulting in a Mexican standoff. Columbus negotiates a truce. The girls are going to the "Pacific Playland" amusement park, which is supposedly free of zombies. Columbus does not want to go along at first, but when Wichita informs him that his hometown has been destroyed, he stays with the group. When they reach Hollywood, Tallahassee takes them to Bill Murray\'s mansion. Tallahassee and Wichita meet Murray himself, uninfected but disguised as a zombie so he can walk  safely among the infected. When Murray attempts to scare Columbus and Little Rock as a practical joke, Columbus shoots and kills him, believing him a real zombie. Later, Columbus realizes Tallahassee has been grieving for his young son, lost to the zombies, rather than his dog as he had earlier led Columbus to believe. Wichita nearly kisses Columbus, but fearing attachment, she leaves with Little Rock for Pacific Playland without warning. Columbus persuades a reluctant Tallahassee to follow in one of Murray\'s vehicles. At Pacific Playland, Wichita and Little Rock activate all the rides and lights, attracting nearby zombies. A battle ensues, leaving the sisters trapped on a drop tower ride. Tallahassee and Columbus arrive just as the sisters\' ammunition runs out. Tallahassee lures the zombies away, then locks himself in a game booth, shooting zombies at his leisure, while Columbus goes after the sisters. In thanks, Wichita reveals her real name, Krista. Tallahassee eliminates the remaining zombies, then joyfully eats a Twinkie that Little Rock has found. The group leaves Pacific Playland together after Little Rock and Wichita pretend to leave them behind, Columbus having realized he\'s finally found what he\'s been looking for: a family.'] ['The film begins with siblings Johnnie  and Barbara  visiting their mother\'s grave in a remote, rural cemetery. During their visit, Barbara is attacked by a zombie. Her brother comes to her defense, but is killed in the struggle. Barbara flees the cemetery and discovers what at first seems to be an abandoned farmhouse. She is joined there shortly after by Ben  and the two clear the house of zombies and begin the process of barricading the doors and windows. They discover that other survivors are already hiding in the cellar of the house: Harry Cooper , his wife Helen , their daughter Sarah who was bitten on the arm by a zombie and has fallen seriously ill; teenage redneck Tom Bitner ([[William Butler  and his girlfriend Judy Rose Larson . What follows are the attempts by the survivors to defend the house under siege from the undead. The group is left divided over what their next course of action should be. Harry believes everyone should retreat to the cellar and barricade the door to wait for the authorities. Ben thinks the cellar is a "death trap" and that they would be better served fortifying the house, which at least has alternate escape routes, and Barbara suggests that they should all leave the house on foot while they still can after she notices that the zombies are very slow and that they can just "walk right past them". An argument between Ben and Harry leaves the Coopers in the basement tending to their ailing daughter and the remaining members of the group upstairs to continue their work reinforcing the doors and windows; the loud sound of hammers hitting the nails into the wood attracts more zombies to the house. A plan is ultimately devised to escape using Ben\'s truck, which is out of fuel. There is a gas pump on the property but it is locked. A search of a corpse on the property produces a set of keys. Judy Rose, Tom, and Ben proceed up the hill toward the gas pump but their plan begins to unravel when Ben falls from the back of the truck and is left to defend himself against the undead. After discovering the key to the gas pump is not among the bunch they brought with them, Tom attempts to shoot the lock off. The falling gasoline is ignited, trailing after them in the truck. The resulting explosion kills both Tom and Judy. Ben returns to the house to find things beginning to dissolve into chaos. Harry has wrestled Barbara\'s gun away from her and is now armed. Unbeknownst to the survivors upstairs, the Coopers\' daughter Sarah has died from the bite on her arm and has become a zombie; she attacks and bites her distraught mother, who does not defend herself. When Sarah makes her way upstairs she triggers a shootout between her father, who is trying to protect her, and Ben and Barbara, who are trying to protect themselves. Both Ben and Harry are badly wounded. Harry retreats upstairs to the attic, while Ben makes his way to the cellar. Barbara leaves the house, now being overrun by the undead, to attempt to find help. Barbara eventually joins a posse of locals who are attempting to clear the area of the undead. She returns with them to the farmhouse the next day to find Ben has died of his wounds and reanimated. Harry emerges from the attic alive, Barbara kills him in a fit of rage and turns to leave the house, telling the vigilantes they have "another one for the fire."'] ["The film opens with a scene of a woman having sex with an apparently female angel. No explanation is given in the film. The back of the DVD cover says the Angel of Death impregnates a mortal woman, causing the dead to come alive. The next shot is of seventeen months later as Susan works her way through a mostly abandoned town on foot. She encounters some of the living dead, including one who gave up his arm to research. Unlike most modern zombie film denizens, however, they seem somewhat bewildered and eager to please. However, she catches one zombie stealing gas from her car. She chases him and puts a bullet through his gas canister. It explodes dousing the zombie in flames. Susan returns to her car leaves town. Outside of town, her car runs out of gas. She then finds herself surrounded by zombies to force her from her car. A preacher claims her car for the service of the Lord and drives off after the zombies refill the gas tank. After walking on foot for a while, another car pulls up. The driver offers her a ride. She holds him at gun point and holds a mirror under his nose. When he doesn't exhale warm moist air, she determines him to be a zombie. She takes the car from him  and drives for a while, listening to an announcer discussing the current situation on the radio. He doesn't have much information. Arriving in a new town, she encounters some living people who direct her to a safe house to stay the night . While staying there, she encounters Mary, a dead woman pretending to be alive, they shower together. Mary tells Susan that she poisoned herself so she can be beautiful forever. Susan, trusts Mary enough to share the bedroom together. Susan sleeps while Mary plays the harmonium. Susan has a dream where she walks in a graveyard and performs fellatio on her sidearm. At this point the house is attacked by militant zombies . This group of Zombies believes these are the end times and God will return once humanity is all dead. They are intent on converting living humans into their way of, uh, metabolism. Waking up surprised, Susan accidentally shoots Mary in the head, destroying Mary's hope of being beautiful forever. The owner of the house, who looks like the woman from the intro but isn't, is shot in the back at close range with a shotgun. She was pregnant but her wound aborts the baby out the front. Susan watches as the newly dead mother begins to nurse the newly dead fetus. Susan escapes and encounters the preacher who stole her car. She threatens him while he tries to convince her that death is better than life. Susan gives him the mirror test and discovers that he is still alive. Another shot to the face from Susan and the preacher is now one of the undead. Susan gets her car and her food back and arrives at the apartment of her boyfriend. He's also killed himself but is up and about. The bathtub is filled with his blood. Her boyfriend has lost his mind. He kept hearing the phone ringing and hearing the dead talking to him  They can't have sex because he has no blood pressure , so they have intercourse using her gun as a strap-on. He slips poison into her milk. He wants her to be dead and beautiful forever. She tries to induce vomiting, but he stops her. Before she dies, she manages to throw him out the window, breaking most of his bones . The last sequence of the film is a montage switching back and forth between the preacher making splints for her boyfriend and Susan putting tears in her eyes from the faucet so she can mourn her own death."] ['As the government begins experimenting with a bacteriological weapon in a small town in Eastern Europe, a disaster occurs in which the weapon spreads its effects on the citizens of the area, turning them into mutated zombies. To cover up the exposure and make it look like a nuclear meltdown, a team of contracted mercenaries are sent in to wipe out the zombie plague and secure the "accident" while facing off with the infected horde.http://www.searchmytrash.com/articles/carlwharton%287-12%29.shtmlhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt2081438/plotsummary'] ['Following a near-death car accident, four friends on their way to a Halloween wedding, venture to a secluded farm for help. Little do they know however, they will soon disturb an ancient evil with far more ghastly plans in store for them!'] ["Captain Martin Stone  is leading a finely-trained, elite platoon of American and Finnish soldiers as they attack an enemy bunker. Underestimating their enemy's strength, they are quickly beaten back into the forest. As they try to regroup, they are suddenly attacked by the same soldiers they had just killed a few minutes earlier. Forced to flee deeper into Russian territory, they discover one of war's most terrifying secrets and realize they have woken up a far deadlier enemy."] ['In 2005, the Harvardville Airport is under attack by a zombie infestation. Claire Redfield is now a member of TerraSave, an organization which handles search and rescue at chemical and biological attacks. Claire was on-site and coincidentally runs into U.S. Senator Ron Davis, who was trying to avoid protesters. Meanwhile, a passenger aircraft approaching the airport crashes due to a man infected with the T-virus, who caused an infestation on board. Unable to escape from the airport terminal, Claire, Rani and Davis, along with an airline stewardess, shut themselves in the VIP lounge and call for help. By nightfall, the airport has been locked down by the local Special Response Team and the United States Marine Corps, aiding evacuated survivors. Two officers Angela Miller and Greg Glenn, are joined by Leon S. Kennedy. Leon, Greg, and Miller manage to save the civilians, but Glenn is infected during their exfiltration, with the U.S. Marines clearing out the terminal. Claire sees a convoy of trucks from the WilPharma Corporation arrive to administer the vaccines for the viral outbreak. Suddenly, the WilPharma trucks containing the vaccine are destroyed. Claire accompanies WilPharma chief researcher Frederic Downing to the WilPharma research facility for more vaccines. After a tour of the facility, Claire is shown a molecular-scale image of the G-virus. Downing, surprised by her anger, excuses himself and she is left alone in his office. Claire informs Leon about WilPharma\'s possession of the G-virus, and learns that he and Angela Miller have found the house of Curtis Miller, Angela\'s brother, burned down. Downing phones Claire to warn her that a man has just left the facility and that a time bomb has been activated. Claire catches a brief glimpse of Curtis Miller through a window, only for the bomb to detonate. Leon and Angela arrive at WilPharma and split up. Leon regroups with Claire while Angela reunites with her brother. Curtis tells Angela that the government covered up some of the events in Raccoon City which kept his family from being saved. A squad of Marines storm the room. Curtis, having injected the G-virus, mutates and attacks the Marines. Leon saves Angela as the atrium garden begins to fall apart, with the wreckage crushing Curtis. Believing him to be dead, the surviving Marines head up the elevator to safety, Curtis however gets out of the wreckage and mutates further, climbing up the building and destroying the elevator. The WilPharma computer system then sets the building on fire in an attempt to avoid the T- and G-Virus\' spreading. Angela and Leon jump into a pool of water to avoid being incinerated. After having shot a glass partition to avoid drowning, the two find themselves in an underground area. Meanwhile, Claire makes it to the command center on the topmost floor, doing whatever she can to halt a biohazard alarm and open the building. However, the detection of Curtis in the underground center causes another alarm, in which sections of the building are ejected to fall deep underground. As Leon and Angela search for an escape route, Curtis attacks them, seeing Leon as a threat and Angela as a mate. Curtis manages to briefly regain control, telling Angela to run before losing himself again. As the sections are being ejected, Leon and Angela climb up wreckage, only to hang from a broken catwalk. About to fall, Curtis grabs hold of Angela\'s leg but is shot in the head by Leon, and falls to his death. The impact of Curtis with the bottom of the pit causes an eruption of fire, from which Leon and Angela are saved when a bulkhead closes just below them. In the aftermath of the crisis, Claire accuses Senator Davis of being part of the cover up and the Harvardville Airport incident. Leon reveals that Davis did not know anything, and Claire realizes that Downing engineered the outbreaks in the airport and the airliner, as well as the destruction of the vaccine, the bombing of the research building and the bio-terrorism incidents by selling T-virus samples. Meanwhile, Downing talks to General Grandé, a client eager to buy the T-virus, now that news reports have revealed its potential. Waiting for a contact to sell WilPharma information to, Downing mistakes a car containing Leon and Claire for his contact. He is arrested by Angela. The next day Leon and Claire meet with a despondent Angela. Leon reveals that Downing confessed to the entire plot, and also reveals Downing\'s former position as an Umbrella researcher who stole samples of both viruses and escaped prior to the Raccoon City incident and created his current identity. Downing used his alias to sell the viruses to a list of potential customers while researching the vaccine. Angela then realizes that Curtis was being manipulated by Downing, but Claire notes that even though this does not clear Curtis\'s name, he had the same motives to prevent another disaster like Raccoon City as she, Leon, and Angela do. Leon, Claire, and Angela go their separate ways. Meanwhile, news gets out that Davis has resigned from office over allegations of insider stock trading with WilPharma stocks. A newspaper draped over Davis\' face reads "Tricell Offers to Purchase WilPharma". Davis\' hand falls from the desk revealing him to be dead, and on his computer WilPharma files are being deleted, which when completed reveal a Tricell, Inc. insignia on his screen. The film ends with Tricell employees in hazmat suits searching the underground ruins of the WilPharma research building, where they discover a fragment of Curtis\'s body infected with the G-virus, which they seal in a biohazard container.'] ["On a routine flight from Los Angeles to Paris, a renegade group of scientists has smuggled aboard a secret container holding a fellow scientist infected with a deadly genetically engineered virus which reanimates the dead. The virus is a variant of the malaria virus created by three scientists. They discovered and manufactured the virus with the intent of turning it into a biological weapon. Their goal was to produce soldiers who could continue fighting, even while mortally wounded. The virus is transmitted through bodily fluids. The infected have superhuman abilities, sprinting and leaping beyond human capabilities. The zombies become very durable, and one particular zombie survives despite being thrown into a plane's engine. The 747 jumbo jet encounters massive thunderstorms, and the turbulence releases the scientist from the cargo hold. A guard assigned to her kills her with a MP5K, when she re-animates and attacks and kills him, turning him into a zombie. Two of the scientists go below to ascertain if the container has been damaged by the turbulence, and are also killed, starting a zombie outbreak. The uninfected passengers must fight for survival aboard the flight. No government will allow the infected airliner to land, leaving the survivors stranded in the sky with their ravenous tormentors. Billy, his wife Anna, Burrows, Frank, Paul, and Megan, a stewardess aboard the plane, are all that are left of the uninfected people. They must make their way to the cockpit and signal a fighter jet behind them that there are still living people aboard the 747 or the fighter will destroy them. After managing to get the MP5K from the dead guard, Burrows, Frank and Billy make their way from the tail of the plane to the cockpit, while the couple stay behind. Billy is bitten but manages to kill some of the undead passengers, while Anna comes to help Billy she gets bitten but kills the Undead by thrusting an umbrella into its mouth. After that they both get surrounded, Billy opens the emergency exit and most of the infected get sucked out. Frank and Burrows make it to the cockpit where Frank kills the zombie copilot, and the two of them try to get the plane off autopilot and signal the fighter which fires at them. They are ultimately successful and waggle the plane's wings, alerting the fighter. The fighter pilot hits the abort key and the missile explodes away from the 747, but close enough to the plane to open a hole in the side. All the zombies are apparently sucked out. Frank and Burrows try to control the plane, but hit a mountain and crash land near Las Vegas, Nevada. The movie ends with Megan, Burrows, Paul, and Frank moving toward the city. In the last scene, it is revealed that some zombies have also survived the crash."] ['The Earth is going to pass through the tail of a comet, an event which has not occurred in 65 million years, the last time coinciding with the extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs. On the night of the comet\'s passage, large crowds gather outside to watch and celebrate. Eighteen-year-old Regina "Reggie" Belmont  works at a movie theater in southern California. She becomes annoyed when she finds the initials DMK on the high score list of the theater\'s arcade game Tempest; all the other scores are hers. She sticks around after the theater closes to wipe the intruder off the list, then later has sex with her boyfriend, Larry the theater projectionist, in the steel-lined projection booth. Meanwhile, Reggie\'s sixteen-year-old sister Samantha "Sam"  argues with their stepmother, who punches her in the face. The next morning, a reddish haze covers everything, and there are no signs of life, only small piles of red dust and empty clothes. Unaware that anything strange has happened, Larry goes outside and is killed by a zombie. When Reggie goes looking for Larry, she finds the zombie eating him. She fends it off and escapes.  Reggie goes home to find her sister. Sam had spent the night in a metal yard shed, and was shielded from the comet\'s effects. After figuring out what has happened, they hear a radio disc jockey and race to the station, only to find it was just a recording. They do find another survivor there, Hector Gomez , who spent the night in the back of his steel semi truck. When Sam talks into the microphone, her broadcast is heard by government researchers in an underground installation. They call the station, but hang up when Sam answers. As they listen to Reggie, Sam and Hector debate what to do, the scientists note that the zombies, though less exposed to the comet, will disintegrate into dust themselves. Sam gets mad at Reggie, complaining that her sister has swiped the "last guy on earth", but the two end up laughing and making up. Hector then leaves to see if any of his family survived, but promises to come back. Reggie and Sam go shopping at a mall . After a firefight with some zombie ex-stockboys, the girls are taken prisoner, but are saved by a government retrieval team. Reggie is taken back to their base. Audrey White , a disillusioned scientist, offers to dispose of Sam, whom she diagnoses as having been exposed, and to wait for Hector. After purportedly euthanizing Sam, she kills the other scientist who remained behind. When Hector returns, Audrey briefs him on the situation and then gives herself a lethal injection. He and Sam set out to rescue Reggie. The researchers had suspected and prepared for the comet\'s effects, but inadvertently left their ventilation system open during the comet\'s passage allowing the deadly dust to permeate their base. Meanwhile, Reggie has become suspicious, escapes, and discovers that the dying scientists have hunted down and rendered healthy survivors brain dead. They harvest their untainted blood to keep the disease at bay while they search desperately for a cure. Reggie saves a boy and a girl, before they are processed, then unplugs the other victims from their life support machines. Hector and Sam get the trio out of the base. Eventually, rain washes away the red dust and the world is left in a pristine condition. With Reggie getting Hector and the other two being kids, Sam feels left out. When she ignores Reggie\'s warning and crosses a deserted street against the still-operating signal light, she is almost run over by a sports car driven by Danny Mason Keener, a teenager her own age. After apologizing, he invites her to go for a ride. As they drive off, the car is shown sporting the initials "DMK" on the vanity plate.'] ['Taking place shortly after the original, a professor at the fictional Cuesta Verde University has managed to subdue and contain a "Hyper sapiens" specimen . The professor experiments on the survivor, trying to determine the source of her immortality, with apparent disregard for the rotted state of her body. When he has created a serum that he believes will bring back the dead and grant immortality, he murders one of his students and brings her back to his lab. He cuts off all of her clothes and then he injects her with the serum. She returns to life and infects the professor, then breaks out of the building and, while naked, begins infecting students when they try to help her. A month later, the university has a full-fledged outbreak, which is confirmed by AMC reconnaissance teams. Ellis, an agent for AMS, goes in search of his fellow agent, Alexandra Morgan, also known as Nightingale. He finds her on a date at a restaurant, but before his arrival, the cook was bitten by the infected professor while on break. Alexandra is forced to execute the zombies on site, and returns to base with Ellis. They are ordered by Colonel Jordan Casper to retrieve a blood sample from the originally infected specimen on campus, warning that missiles will level the campus at midnight, regardless of whether the agents are still present or not. She assigns a gender-mixed Special Forces team of U.S. Marines to provide them with backup. Ellis openly questions the competence of the soldiers, leading to friction between the two units. Upon arrival at Cuesta Verde University, the soldiers encounter zombies. Their newest member, an overweight private who has no combat experience panics and falls to the ground. A second member of his team engages the zombie, but his M16A4 is knocked away before he can fire. He and the zombie engage in hand-to-hand combat. The zombie is killed, but is able to bite the soldier on the hand. He attempts to hide the injury, but is discovered and his arm is severed in an attempt to stem the infection. He transforms into a zombie despite the amputation, and bites the squad medic, before both are executed by Ellis. The team continues forward into the university proper. They proceed to battle through the hordes of infected, splitting into two teams to search for the original zombie. Two female soldiers, Lieutenant Henson and Private Rodriguez, and a male soldier, Bart investigate the dorms. They break into a female dormitory where they find the deceased naked body of a zombie. Bart attempts to pose and have a picture taken with the corpse, and is bitten by a mosquito trapped in the room. Fearing contamination, but unwilling to execute Bart, who is threatening them with a handgun, Henson handcuffs Bart to a radiator and the two soldiers exit the room, falling back to the van. Meanwhile, the second team, including Ellis and Alexandra, are attacked multiple times. Eventually, every soldier escorting them is killed, including the leader of the unit, Sergeant Griffin. They fight their way to the professor\'s laboratory, and find the original specimen still imprisoned, as well as a pair of students who had survived. They enter the confinement room and extract blood from the zombie, but are forced to kill it when it breaks free. The two students who had allowed them into the confinement room are overrun and torn apart by zombies, and the two agents escape while the zombies are feeding on the bodies. As this occurs, Henson and Rodriguez make it to the extraction vehicle, a van. There, they prepare to rescue the agents, but Rodriguez is bitten by a zombie who was locked in the back of the van by the soldier assigned to guard it. Henson executes Rodriguez, and the duo arrive in front of the science building as Ellis and Alexandra fight their way through a horde of zombies. The agents make it to the van, but the blood sample vial is destroyed in the process. They are forced to turn back, with ten minutes before missiles level the campus, and fight their way back to the confinement room. They retrieve a second vial, but Henson is bitten on the ankle. She remains behind and commits suicide, as the agents escape by smearing zombie blood and tissue on themselves, disguising themselves as zombies. They escape back to the van, where they find that Bart broke free from the dormitory by amputating his hand. He threatens Ellis at gunpoint, arguing that they could make millions from the vial of blood. Ellis is forced to give him the vial. Bart decides to kill Ellis anyway, but is shot in the back by Alexandra before he can. His dying action is to pull the pin on a hand grenade, destroying the vial in the process. The two agents escape before the missiles level the campus. Alexandra is wounded, but uncertain of whether it\'s a bite or not. Ellis refuses to execute her, and the two leave the city, finding that the infection has spread to the rest of the city.'] ['The first part of the film follows the actions of former Colonel and current Sergeant "Nicotine" Crockett , who, after his demotion, deserts his post with Kenny , Francisco  and Tomboy , and robs the protagonists of the previous film. Meanwhile, off the coast of Delaware lies Plum Island, home to two feuding Irish families - the O\'Flynns and the Muldoons. The former family, led by Patrick O\'Flynn , rounds up a posse and kill the undead of the island, learning that the Muldoons, led by Seamus Muldoon  are keeping their undead loved ones "alive" until a cure is found. A brief standoff ends with the Muldoons exiling Patrick and several other O\'Flynns, under the suggestion of Patrick\'s daughter Janet . Thereafter the National Guard deserters find themselves joined by Boy , and through him learn of Plum Island and visit a nearby dock as instructed, where a gunfight occurs between the O\'Flynns and Crockett\'s group. Francisco successfully commandeers a ferry, biting the finger off an attacking zombie in the process. All O\'Flynns except Patrick are killed by zombies and the deserters board the ferry. En route to the island, Patrick reveals that he sent other strangers to Plum Island to anger Muldoon. On the island, they discover that the Muldoons have chained their zombies in imitation of their previous lives, whereas the living sent by Patrick have been killed by the Muldoons. As Patrick attempts to gather allies, two scouting Muldoons attack the deserters, shooting Crockett and Kenny. The latter dies from his wounds, and is shot in the head by Patrick to prevent reanimation. Francisco asks to be shot by Tomboy to prevent his becoming a zombie, whereupon she complies and is captured by Muldoon. It is now revealed that the Janet O\'Flynn seen as a zombie was in fact her twin sister Jane, while the true Janet, with Crockett and Boy, joins the O\'Flynns\' attack on the Muldoons. A standoff occurs at the bridge of the river that separates the two families\' land, and the O\'Flynn group with Crockett are captured, while Boy and Janet are forced into escape. It is later revealed that Muldoon attempts to persuade the zombies to eat something other than human flesh, as by inducing Jane O\'Flynn to consume a horse. When this fails, most of the two parties are consumed by zombies. Muldoon and O\'Flynn create a truce immediately broken by Muldoon shooting O\'Flynn, who kills him. Crockett and his group attempt to leave the island, whereupon Janet witnesses her sister bite the horse and rushes to tell Crockett\'s group the news, before being shot by her father moments before his death . Crockett, Boy, and Tomboy escape the island, whereon the zombies are seen eating the horse while the reanimated O\'Flynn and Muldoon attempt to kill one another once more.'] ['The film takes place in the city of Los Angeles, California, and follows two heavily intertwined subplots.Horrorwatch.com : Gangs of the Dead The main plot concerns on a meteorite that crashes in Los Angeles. It carried alien spores that transform humans into flesh-eating zombies.Analog Medium: Gangs of the Dead  Review The spores spread like a virus across the city, transforming the populace into mindless cannibals.Showtime Official Site :: Schedules :: Program Details :: Gangs of the Dead The other story is about two rival gangs - The Lords of Crenshaw and El Diablo - who fight one another for dominance of Los Angeles even as it falls into a zombie apocalypse, although it eventually becomes clear that means very little in a world without humans.Gangs of the Dead - Blockbuster Online'] ['The film begins in June 2011 when the VM2 virus infects a French woman. Within the next 28 days, 84% of the European population was infected. The virus becomes a global pandemic as it eventually reaches Japan and the United States. Six months later, after the zombie plague has wiped out ninety percent of the US population, a small group of survivors fight their way across the United States to a rumored refuge on the island of Catalina.'] ['A tropical island cursed by voodoo is purchased by a land developer  who plans to open a luxury hotel. He hires a sea Captain  to take him and a socialite  to the nearby island. Arriving at their location, the group is greeted by a shaman and his granddaughter Luna . They are warned to leave as the island is reported home to zombies of the dead natives. But Luna, who just might be a ghost, takes a liking to the greedy land owner.'] ['{{Plot}} In the small town of Pontypool, Ontario, former shock jock turned radio announcer Grant Mazzy drives through a blizzard on his way to work. When poor visibility forces him to stop his car, an underdressed woman appears on the road, startling him. Grant calls out to her, but she disappears into the storm, ominously repeating his words and visibly disturbing him. Grant eventually arrives at the radio station, where he works with technical assistant Laurel-Ann Drummond and station manager Sydney Briar. As the morning proceeds, Grant\'s on-air persona irritates Sydney. They get a report from their helicopter reporter Ken Loney  about a possible riot at the office of Doctor Mendez. He describes a scene of chaos and carnage that results in numerous deaths. After Ken is unexpectedly cut off, the group tries to confirm his report, but their witnesses are disconnected before they can put them on the airwaves. Ken calls back and reports that he has found the "infected" son of a well-known citizen nearby, mumbling to himself. Before Ken can hear what the son is saying, the call is again cut off, this time by a startling transmission of garbled French. The transmission is an instruction to remain indoors, not to use terms of endearment, phrases that conflict, or the English language. Pontypool is declared to be under quarantine. Ken then manages to call back, this time close enough for Grant and the women to hear the infected son\'s mumbling, which is nothing but "Mommy" in a child\'s voice. In confusion and disbelief, Grant tries to leave the station, but a horde of people attack, and Grant, Sydney, and Laurel-Ann lock themselves in. Meanwhile, Laurel-Ann begins demonstrating erratic behavior. She fixates on the word "miss," repeating it over and over, then imitates the sound of a boiling kettle. Dr. Mendez enters the studio and Grant, Sydney, and Mendez lock themselves in Grant\'s soundproof booth. Mendez explains his theory: somehow a virus has found its way into human language, infecting certain words, and only certain words infect certain people. Once these infected words are said and understood, the virus takes hold of the host. As he explains, Laurel-Ann repeatedly slams against the sound booth\'s window, chewing off her lower lip and splattering blood with each attack. Ken calls in again and, while on the air, he also succumbs to the apparent virus, repeating the word "sample." Soon, Dr. Mendez begins to repeat the word "breathe" but immediately begins speaking in Armenian, which stifles, but not eliminates, the symptoms. Outside the booth, Laurel-Ann opens her mouth and vomits a large amount of blood and gore before falling down, dead. Mendez suspects this has happened since Laurel-Ann failed to pass the infection on to a new host. The horde then breaks into the radio station, attacking the sound booth. Sydney records a loop of Grant saying "Sydney Briar is alive" and plays it over the station\'s outdoor loudspeaker as a diversion to lead the mob away. Mendez surmises that it is only the English language that was affected by the virus. Grant and Sydney, speaking in French, leave him alone in the booth. They are nearly killed when the recording fails and the mob returns, but Mendez successfully lures them away from the studio. Feeling guilty for killing an infected young girl, Sydney begins to succumb to the word "kill". Grant then attempts to "disinfect" Sydney by convincing her that the word "kill" now means "kiss". He urges her to repeat "Kill is kiss" over and over again, and her symptoms subside. She tells Grant to "kill" her--he then proceeds to kiss her. Armed with knowledge on how to stop the virus, the pair go on the air, spouting a series of non-contradicting and confusing phrases to help their infected listeners, ignoring warnings from the authorities who are trying to get them off the air. While an amplified voice from outside counts down from ten, Sydney joins Grant in the booth and they kiss once again. As the countdown finishes, the screen goes dark and the credits roll. Audio vox pops and broadcasts play over the credits, reporting further outbreaks of the virus, suggesting that the quarantine failed. A BBC radio news anchor, speaking over the credits, begins to repeat his words. After the credits, the scene shifts to a radically different view: a stylized black-and-white version of Grant and Sydney in what looks like a far-eastern atmosphere. As Grant describes his plan to "get out of here", the picture gradually shifts into color.'] ['The movie is set in the fictional New England town of Ravensback. . After a couple of local chemical plant workers named Jim  and Slim  decide to call it a day and head for the bar, a leak in one of the pipes causes a yellow toxic cloud to form. Meanwhile, a local school bus is taking children home. After dropping one child off, there are only five children left on the bus: Paul MacKenize , Jenny Freemont , Ellen Chandler , Tommy Button , and Janet Shore . As the children are singing road songs, the bus passes through the toxic cloud. After Billy Hart, the local sheriff , finds the idling bus abandoned near a cemetery, and the children\'s possessions still there, he radios to his deputy Harry Timmons  (who is busy flirting with Suzie MacKenize , and Molly , an older woman who works at the local general store and acts as part-time police dispatcher. Reluctantly, deputy Harry Timmons sets up a roadblock at the intersection of the main highway and the lone road leading into town, recruiting a couple of armed locals, believing that the children were possibly kidnapped. Meanwhile, Dr. Joyce Gloud , Tommy\'s mother\'s female lover, goes looking for him and ends up at the cemetery where the bus was abandoned. She finds the bus driver\'s  badly burned corpse, and soon after Tommy approaches to hug her. When they embrace, Joyce suddenly screams while yellow steam comes from Tommy\'s hands, and Joyce burns alive before Tommy finally releases her corroded body and trudges on. Later, Ellen is sneaking through the woods near a road where John Freemont , father of Jenny, is working on his car. Sheriff Hart gives him a lift home, while Ellen, after watching them unnoticed decides to move along, and finally goes home where she encounters her mother, Rita  at the door. She runs out to Ellen\'s outstretched arms to hug her—before being incinerated. Her father, Bob , then comes to the door and is shocked at the spectacle. Ellen goes to hug him, but he backs away from her into the house while she follows. Paul MacKenize comes home and startles his sister. Then he starts walking towards her with his arms outstretched while she backs away from him, hitting him in the face, trying to rouse him from his apparent trance. They wind up in a workroom part of the house where, off-camera, he kills her as she screams. Paul\'s father, Cyrus , is then killed after discovering Paul with her body. While John and Billy on the road, they encounter Janet Shore standing in the middle of road, pale-faced and apparently stunned. They put her in the car to drive her home. It turns out that Janet has not yet fully transformed into a radioactive zombie, but she gradually changes into one during the ride . After they stop, she attacks Sheriff Hart, who is able to dodge her while she flees the vicinity. Eventually, the zombified Ellen, Tommy, and Paul meet and walk together. They are spotted by Deputy Timmons, who radios the station, but is soon killed. The three children converge in front of the general store where an overjoyed  Molly comes outside to hug them—and is  roasted to death. Meanwhile, John and Billy are checking other homes in the area, finding the occupants dead in much the same way. They go to John\'s home to meet his pregnant wife, Cathy  and his younger son, Clarkie . They are relieved that Cathy and Clarkie are unharmed. John begins to give orders, but does not divulge any information to Cathy or Clarkie. The five wandering little zombies approach the house once they spot the people inside. Jenny attempts to hug Cathy, but John pulls her away in time. Meanwhile, Paul gets to the upper level of the house and is let through the window by Clarkie . They play a quiet game of tag, and after Clarkie hides in his closet, Paul kills him in typical form. Billy shoots the zombies with his pistol, but the shots have little effect on them, other than to briefly knock them to the ground. Cathy, still not aware of the children\'s zombified state, knocks Billy out with a glass object, in order to stop him from shooting them. She then finds Clarkie\'s roasted remains, and tells John, who runs upstairs and tearfully puts the child\'s body back to bed. Paul then attacks the little monsters, while Billy instinctively picks up a replica katana and chops off both Paul\'s hands, which kills Paul while the fingernails on his severed hands revert to normal. Ellen then breaks through one of the windows with one hand, which is immediately severed by Billy, causing her to apparently die. Then Billy and John go outside, with sword in hand, to find the rest of the zombies. The remaining three zombies—Tommy, Janet, and Jenny—converge at the upper level of the barn on the property, where they are found by John and Billy who, despite Jenny\'s pleas to John, are promptly dismembered and killed. While an exhausted John collapses to the ground near the barn, Billy wearily goes to his car to radio for help—while Ellen suddenly rises from the back seat, grabs Billy by the neck, and roasts him to death. John hears Billy\'s screaming and approaches with his sword to finish Ellen, after which he flings his sword in disgust, and collapses into a deep sleep next to Billy\'s corpse. The next morning, Cathy yells to a still-sleeping John that "it\'s time", and he wakes up and runs frantically into the house to help her deliver their third child. As they are deliveringthe baby, the camera pans over all of the dead bodies  showing Sheriff Hart\'s corpse, all five of the unfortunate children laying peacefully. After the baby is delivered, John is aghast and wide-eyed as he notices that his newborn child has black fingernails.Uncle Bob Martin: Suffer the Little Children'] ['A priest  invites Professor Howard Birack  and a group of academics and students to join him in the basement of an abandoned Los Angeles church, where he requests their assistance in investigating a mysterious cylinder containing a constantly swirling, green liquid. Among those present is Brian Marsh , a student in metaphysics. After researching the text found next to the cylinder, it is discovered that the liquid is the corporeal embodiment of the Anti-Christ. The liquid appears sentient, producing increasingly complex data that is revealed by computer decoding to include differential equations. Over a period of two days, small jets of liquid escape the cylinder and possess the group one by one to use them against the remaining survivors. Attempts to escape the building are thwarted by a mass of possessed street people who surround the building, barricade the doors from the outside, and kill two of the group. Birack and the priest theorize that the being within the cylinder is actually the son of an even more powerful force of evil, the "Anti-God", who is bound to the realm of anti-matter. The survivors also find themselves sharing a recurring dream  showing a shadowy figure emerging from the front of the church. The shaky transmission with the shadowy figure seems to change slightly with each occurrence of the dream, revealing progressively more detail. The narration of the transmission each time instructs the \'dreamer\' that they are witnessing an actual broadcast from the future, and they must alter the course of events to prevent this occurrence. Eventually, the cylinder opens and the remaining liquid is absorbed into the body of Kelly ([[Susan Blanchard , one of the students who becomes the physical vessel of the Anti-Christ: A gruesomely disfigured being, with powers of telekinesis and regeneration, who attempts to bring the Anti-God through a dimensional portal using a mirror, initially failing because the mirror is too small. At the climax of the film, Kelly finds a larger wall mirror, and begins to draw the Father\'s hand through it as most of the group are immobilized by fights with the other possessed members. Marsh\'s lover, Catherine Danforth , is the only one free to act, so she tackles Kelly, causing both of them to fall through the portal. The priest shatters the mirror, trapping Kelly, the Anti-God, and Danforth in the other realm. Danforth is seen briefly on the other side of the mirror reaching out to the portal before it closes, leaving her in darkness. Immediately the possessed die, the street people wander away, and the survivors are rescued, relieved that the evil has been thwarted. At the end of the film, Marsh has the recurring dream again, except now an apparently possessed Danforth is the figure emerging from the building. Marsh appears to awaken, rolling over to find a gruesomely disfigured Danforth lying in bed with him. Marsh awakens, screaming, and then recovers enough to approach his bedroom mirror, hand outstretched. The film cuts to black just before his fingers touch the mirror.'] ["A woman's fiancé is killed by a drug dealing gang. For revenge, the woman conjures up a zombie to hunt down the gangmembers and kill them."] ['The film opens in mockumentary style with a woman, Sarah talking about Mark in past tense. Mark skips Sarah’s event for his research field trip, she is very displeased with his decision. Mark travels out to the woods to collect moss samples when he stumbles across a rusty decaying station wagon. Intrigued, he continues down the path and eventually finds an abandoned farmhouse. He enters the house and begins to explore the rooms, he stumbles across an injured man propped up against a wall when he hears a woman scream. He rushes to her aid and finds her having a seizure on a dirty mattress on a nearby room’s floor. He brushes her hair out of her face to comfort her, she has the same sort of scars and deformities that the man had. He picks her up and carries her outside, she bites his neck, he then promptly drops her and runs away, eventually collapsing in a nearby field. Back at home, Sarah calls an investigator to report Mark missing for three weeks. Mark wakes up and thinks to himself about how he doesn’t know how long he’s been unconscious and admits to killing his first victim, a camper in the woods. He recalls how he had no control of the situation. He decides he has to hide and rents a new apartment. He looks at his bite wound in a mirror and notices it is beginning to look worse. He collapses and suffers a minor seizure, and reports it in his digital log along with how he has not eaten in six days and he has to find another victim. He begins to accept his condition more as he begins to study his behavioral patterns, keeping everything recorded in logbooks or his digital recorder. He still appears normal and continues to live and function in society, although his bite wound will not heal and the surrounding tissue is starting to decay. He picks up a hitchhiker and knocks him out with chloroform and eats most of the man’s chest, he burns the man’s body and possessions. Meanwhile, Sarah begins seeing another man named David, late one night after a date, someone rings her doorbell, but she sees no one. Mark attacks her with chloroform and brings her back inside her apartment to look at her one last time. Mark continues on his hunting spree as his appearance slowly becomes more ghastly and his behavior more erratic. He begins losing a lot of weight and is becoming weaker. His leg breaks during the disposal of a victim’s body and he is forced to attach a metal rod to support his ankle with a power screwdriver. Mark also begins to lose grip of reality and is often suffering from hallucinations, his decomposition becomes so severe that he can no longer bear to look at himself so he overdoses with a bottle of chloroform.'] ['In a high school classroom, The Lecturer tells the assembly of anxious parents about the evils of marijuana . With the help of his assistant, Blumsack, he then launches into the tragic tale of one boy\'s struggles with the demon weed. Jimmy Harper is a fine upstanding youth, blessed with the love of the fair Mary Lane. The two are sure they will live happily ever after and  compare their relationship to that of William Shakespeare\'s greatest love story . However, across town, the sadistic weed-pusher, Jack Stone, and his cronies, neurotic whore Sally DeBanis, and former college student Ralph Wiley, are living in the depths of depravity. Jack\'s moll, Mae Coleman, explains how she came to live in such a state and how she would leave Jack if he didn\'t give her the marijuana she so craves . Meanwhile, Jack goes out to recruit new addicts at Miss Poppy\'s soda counter . There, he meets Jimmy, whom he lures back to the house and offers a stick of reefer. After one puff, Jimmy becomes an addict . He forgets about Mary Lane, who sits alone in church, waiting for him . One night, Jimmy and Ralph break into the church in order to steal from the collection plate for drug money. Jesus comes down from the cross and, in a musical revue hosted by Joan of Arc, exhorts Jimmy to kick the habit . But Jimmy\'s too deep into his habit to be saved; he has a new God now. He goes back to the Reefer Den, and to Sally, where he finds out that Sally, desperate for drug money, sold her baby to the black market. One dark night, Jimmy and Sally are driving wildly back to the house, stoned, when their car hits and kills an old man. Sally runs away. Jimmy, scared straight, drives in a panic to Mary\'s house, where he tells her he still loves her . However he realizes that by staying with her he is putting her in danger and tells her that he has to leave town without her. Mary then insists on going with him, saying "If Romeo has to run away, then so does Juliet." Jimmy tells her to go inside and pack, then sneaks away, hoping for a new start somewhere else, where Mary won\'t be harmed. But Jack knows that if the police catch Jimmy, his \'reefer empire\' will be shattered. He waits for Jimmy at Mary\'s house and offers him an innocent-looking chocolate brownie, which turns out to be a marijuana brownie. Jimmy eats the brownie and immediately forgets all about Mary . Jimmy goes back to the Reefer Den. But this time, Mary pursues him, planning to rescue him. Instead, Ralph ensnares her with his fraternity jacket and a puff of reefer . He soon finds out that he has unleashed more than he can deal with, as Mary transforms from your simple high school sweetheart into a sadistic, whip-cracking dominatrix who begins to rape Ralph. Jimmy comes downstairs to find Mary taking advantage of Ralph. He angrily attacks Ralph and the two begin fighting. Jack comes in and attempts to break up the fight, while Mae reprimands them for corrupting someone as innocent as Mary. During the scuffle, Jack\'s gun goes off and Mary is shot through the heart . Jimmy holds her, but it is too late; she dies in his arms. The police appear, summoned by the gunshot, and Jack fingers Jimmy as the killer. He is carted off by the officers . The radio reveals that Jimmy has been sent to death row. Upon hearing this news, Ralph goes insane, thinking that Jimmy, Mary , and the rest of the youths whose lives have been ruined by marijuana, are stalking him from beyond the grave . Spooked, Jack and Mae go out for food while Sally stays behind to look after the raving Ralph. When they return, they find that Ralph, in the throes of reefer-induced hunger pangs, has murdered Sally and cannibalized her body. Jack shoots him several times, but Ralph continues to get up, his strength increased while he is in the throes of "Reefer Madness" he collapses in the backyard, but disappears when Jack goes to check the body. Jack looks up to see Ralph leap down from the trees only to be impaled on the scarecrow. But now Mae is having visions of Jimmy, Mary, Sally, and Ralph, all accusing. To regain her sanity the only way she knows, she hacks Jack to death with a garden hoe and kicks the habit once and for all ("The Stuff . When Mae reads in the daily paper that the president will be coming to town to visit a sick child, she becomes determined to talk to him and gain a Presidential pardon for Jimmy. They burst into the electrocution chamber at the last second and free the doomed Jimmy, who joins them in their crusade to tell the world about the evils of marijuana. They travel back to the reefer den, where Jimmy torches the crop. Mary appears, haloed and freed from hell by his heroic destruction of property. She promises to wait for him in heaven . The Lecturer\'s presentation ends; the entire audience joins the suddenly real film cast to explain how they will join the fight against things they don\'t understand, ("Reefer Madness , thus connecting the 1930s crusade against marijuana, with the Hollywood Hays Code and prejudice directed at racial and ethnic minorities, immigrants, labor unions, gays and lesbians. As the film ends, the galvanized townsfolk hold a huge anti-reefer bonfire, in a scene similar to the book burnings that took place in Germany in the 1930s, as well continuing the film\'s theme of associating marijuana prohibition with other campaigns against minorities and dissent, with the Lecturer promising, as he drives away, "When danger\'s near exploit their fear."'] ['Set in a world devastated by a neurological pandemic, the film focuses on two survivors who meet on an isolated farm in Scotland, where they encounter an enemy even deadlier than the one outside. Though ostensibly a zombie film, the film concentrates on the psychological states of the lead characters.{{cite news}}'] ['The Dead Pit opens with Dr. Ramzi , a deviant who enjoys torturing his patients, being killed and buried in the basement of a mental health facility. Twenty years later, the hospital is running again and Jane Doe  arrives at the institute. Upon her arrival, a major earthquake rocks the building and unearths the now undead Dr. Ramzi and his legion of zombie patients.'] [':Long ago in "The Good Old Days", surfers ruled. It was bitchin\'! That was before the threat of chemical pollution, nuclear waste and the horror of Buzzz Cola. :Menlo Schwartzer was a high school genius who hated surfers. He invented a weird soft drink, involved local businessmen and set out to rule the coast. He nearly succeeded. This is the story of Buzzz Cola and Menlo\'s revenge. Deep in his secret underwater laboratory, teenage mad scientist Menlo Schwartzer plots to rid the beaches of his greatest enemies: surfers. Having been driven to revenge following a cruel practical joke gone awry, Menlo concocts an addictive chemical agent which turns its drinkers into mutated, garbage-ingesting zombie punks. With the reluctant help of his girlfriend Sparkle and a pair of greedy, cigar-chomping soda businessmen, Menlo distributes the chemical under the guise of "Buzzz Cola", and one by one begins to build an army of brainless zombie slaves to do his bidding. After several of their friends fall victim to Buzzz Cola, airheaded surfer dudes Chuck and Bob begin to piece together the parts of Menlo\'s evil scheme. Finding no help from their spaced-out parents or the bumbling efforts of the local police force, the two enlist the services of their eccentric science teacher and vow to stop Menlo for good, or else they won\'t be able to compete in the big surf contest this weekend.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens with a flashback to 13th century Bouzano, Portugal. A peasant mob has captured the Templar knights and is preparing to burn them for witchcraft and murder. One of the captured knights swears revenge on the village. The villagers  burn the knights eyes out with torches before burning them to death. The film flashes ahead to the present where the village prepares for a festival celebrating the 500 year anniversary of the defeat of the Templars. The village idiot, Murdo, watches the preparations until being attacked and stoned by a pack of children. The children are run off by Moncha and Juan, romantically involved locals. Back in the town square, firework technician and former military captain, Jack Marlowe, meets the mayor, Duncan, his assistant, Dacosta, and his fiancee/ secretary, Vivian. It is revealed that Jack and Vivian have personal history, establishing a tension between the four characters. Jack and Vivian take a walk, where she reveals that she purposely hired Jack to rekindle their romance. Their walk takes them to the abbey graveyard where the Templars are buried. Their romantic interlude is interrupted by peeping Murdo, who proceeds to warn them of the Templars’ impending return. After Jack and Vivian depart, Murdo murders a young townswoman that he has kidnapped as a blood sacrifice. As the festival is in full swing the Templars, awakened by Murdo’s sacrifice, rise. At the festival Jack convinces Vivian to leave with him. Their interactions raise the ire of Duncan and Dacosta, who are a keeping a close eye on the pair. Back at the graveyard, the Templars ride down Murdo  and head toward town. On their way, they come across Moncha’s house where she is in the midst of a sexual rendezvous with Juan. Juan is killed but Moncha escapes on an undead Templar horse. She stops for help at the rail station, where she persuades Mr. Prades, the rail master, of the danger by revealing her zombie horse. She runs off, as Mr. Prades tries to call the mayor. While the phone rings in his office, the mayor dispatches Dacosta and his henchmen to assault Jack. The beating is finally interrupted when the call from the station agent gets through. The mayor is skeptical believes the agent to be drunk. He sends Dacosta to the station to take over. The Templars arrive at the station and kill Mr. Prades. Meanwhile, Jack and Vivian leave in Jack’s car. They encounter the traumatized Moncha in the middle of the road and bring her back to town. Dacosta and another of Duncan’s goons, Beirao, encounter the knights as they approach the train station. They hurry back to the village and warn the mayor of the oncoming horde. They mayor calls the governor to request help, but his pleas fall on deaf ears as the governor assumes Duncan to be drunk and reprimands him. The governor is the third person  to ignore warnings of the coming Templars, assuming the messenger to be drunk. The knights descend on the village and the festival turns into a massacre. Jack organizes Decastro and some of the villagers into a defense force, as Duncan scrambles to gather his valuables and then looks on from the balcony. Eventually Jack and Decastro clear an escape for most of the villagers. Jack, Vivian, Decastro, Monica and Duncan are all left behind. They try to get away in Jack’s car but are overwhelmed by zombies and escape into the church, where two of Duncan’s underlings, Beirao and Amalia, are holed up with their daughter. Once inside the church, the group finds Murdo hiding out. The survivors begin fortifying the church against the undead siege, but before long, unity begins to erode. After failing once again to convince the governor of their plight, Duncan persuades Beirao to make a break for the car. He is killed in the attempt. Meanwhile, Murdo persuades Moncha to come with him into the tunnels beneath the church to escape. After Beirao’s failed attempt, Duncan tries to escape using Beirao and Amalia’s young daughter as bait. He is killed and the child is left in grave peril among the Templars. Jack and Amalia manage to save her, with Amalia sacrificing her own life in the process. Down in the tunnels, Murdo is decapitated by the knights as he climbs out to the surface and Moncha is subsequently pulled by her head through the opening and killed. Back in the church, Dacosta catches Vivian alone. Resigned to a grim fate, he attempts to rape her before the Templars kill him. Jack rescues Vivian, and Dacosta is impaled on a spear in the ensuing scuffle. As the night wears on, Jack and Vivian decide to chance escaping. They convince Amalia’s daughter that the zombies and her mother’s death were both part of a nightmare and then blindfold her as they attempt to silently creep through the square full of blind d knights. As they slip past the monsters, the little girl peeks out of her blindfold and screams as she sees the zombies surrounding them. However, the Templars make no move, and then crumple to the ground in the breaking morning light. Jack, Vivian and the child walk away from the village as the credits roll.'] ['The film plunges into the nightmarish experiences of a portly, depressed psychic , whose involvement in a grisly child-murder case leads her and her detective partner  to an imposing, fortress-like mortuary. Chen , the owner of the funeral home and prime suspect in the case, claims the three mummified corpses in question are not children but ancient demons known as "kyoshi". It seems the little monsters have been around for centuries as a result of an age-old curse and can only be placated with offerings of human flesh &mdash; with which the mortician has been supplying them his entire life. When Chen is jailed on murder charges, the under-fed ghouls awaken in search of dinner, trapping the staff inside the mortuary walls and devouring them. The survivors, including Rose and Nelson, use every means at their disposal to combat the demons, which have possessed the bodies of morgue attendant Mrs. Poopenplatz  and her poodle, mutating them into hideous monsters.'] ['The movie centers on three high schoolers whose world is turned upside down by tainted moonshine which turns everyone who drinks it into a flesh eating zombie. It does not take long for the whole town to be overrun by hungry cannibal zombies.'] ['Based on the Imperium Comics series of the same name, Trailer Park of Terror follows six troubled high schoolers and their leader, the optimistic youth ministries pastor, Lewis . As the group return from an outdoor character building retreat in the mountains they become lost on the backroads after their bus crashes during a raging storm. The luckless group seeks refuge for the night in a seemingly abandoned trailer park down the road, managed by the strange and seductive Norma . As the night progresses they find that the park is anything but empty as Norma and her undead trailer trash buddies pick them off in imaginative ways.'] ['During a time in the near future, Gothenburg has been invaded by zombies. The police are powerless and a team of German zombie hunters are called in to solve the problem and clean up the city and find out what is causing the zombe epidemic. On their way through the streets of Gothenburg, they run into several obstacles. For example, they come across an Italian assassin and some Swedish reporters on the wrong side of the barricades.'] ['The film focuses on Second Lieutenant Bart Gregory  who has been killed under mysterious circumstances in Iraq.A Trailer for The Revenant Finds Its Way Online Even though his friends and girlfriend Janet  attend his funeral, Bart finds himself anything but at rest.Trailer for Widely Praised \'The Revenant\' Enlisting the help of his best friend, Joey Leubner , Bart begins to understand and learn how to deal with his new undead state; mainly, the fact that Bart needs blood to hold back decomposition and that he returns to a state of in-animation during daylight hours. Joey does research online to find out what Bart is and seems to be stuck between a Zombie and Vampire, finally stating that Bart is a Revenant. While buying beer from a small store in Koreatown, Bart and Joey become vigilantes when Bart both kills and feeds off of a gangster who is holding up the store. They enjoy the media coverage of the incident, and Joey asks Bart to bestow him with the "dark gift". Bart refuses to do so and laughs the idea off. However, after their next attempt at vigilantism goes wrong and Joey is fatally wounded, Bart is forced to drink Joey\'s blood in order to save him. The two continue their vigilante killing spree for a while, until Mathilda , a friend of Janet who dislikes both Bart and Joey, follows them and threatens to reveal their activities to the world, especially Janet. Joey shoots Mathilda through the chest, but before she dies, she is able to send the information to Janet. Fearing they will be caught, Joey tells Bart to meet him back at the apartment with a packed bag in half an hour, then drives away mysteriously. Bart meets a teary Janet at the apartment, who forces him to explain the fact that he requires blood to stay stable. She then begs him to feed off of her instead, so that he will no longer need to kill. Bart loses control and drains her until she dies. Joey returns to the apartment with a "pimped out" hearse for the two to use, and suggests that they go to Las Vegas to continue their reign. However, after Bart shows him Janet\'s corpse, the two begin to fight, and proceed to shoot each other repeatedly, to no avail. Joey storms out and states that he will continue on to Vegas alone. Bart decapitates Janet in order to ensure her death, then drops her remains over the bridge where he and Joey usually disposed of their corpses. Bart is captured by SWAT teams and taken to jail, where, come dawn, he collapses in his cell. Upon nightfall, Bart reawakens in the morgue and escapes, returning to the apartment. Inside is a package containing Joey\'s severed head. Since he was decapitated at night, Joey is still "alive", and Bart uses a vibrating dildo to enable Joey\'s head to talk. Joey warns Bart that a gangbanger who was their first kill is after him, and then requests that Bart kill him for good. Bart crushes Joey\'s head underneath a bulldozer, and then tries to find a way to kill himself. Against normal convention, a bullet through the brain does not have the desired effect, and neither does hanging himself with Christmas lights. He even throws himself in front of the subway train, but only succeeds in severing his arm. Bart then boards a train, where he finds and reads a letter left to him at his funeral by Janet. He breaks down and attacks the only other passenger. He is caught and flees into the station where more SWAT teams attempt to catch him. He finally escapes to a hilltop and at dawn collapses once more, while he is being surrounded by men in hazmat suits. The film then cuts to a tour of sorts, where various military personnel are being shown revenants in glass containers, including Bart. A General asks Bart if he was a soldier, and then states that this fact may give him an advantage. Bart is then shown in a large canister being airdropped into Iran, along with the other revenants, where the canister opens upon landing, releasing him on the country.'] ['Samuel Peters , once an ordinary man, dabbles in the laws of voodoo to bring his wife back from the grave. He soon encounters the God of malevolence, Kalfu , and makes a pact with him to destroy the underworld and bring chaos to earth. In return, he will become ‘The Zombie King’ and walk the earth for eternity with his late wife. But, as the ever growing horde of zombies begins to completely wipe out a countryside town, the Government set-up a perimeter around the town and employ a shoot-on-sight policy. Trapped within the town, the locals, an unlikely bunch of misfits, must fight for their lives and unite in order to survive.'] ["A woman, Sara , is being chased through the snows of Norway. She is ultimately cornered and eaten by zombies in World War II Schutzstaffel  uniforms. Seven students on Easter vacation arrive at a small cabin near Øksfjord. The cabin is owned by Sara, Vegard's  girlfriend. The group begins to drink and party until a mysterious hiker  arrives. He tells them the dark history of the region; during World War II, a force of Einsatzgruppe, led by Standartenführer Herzog , occupied the area. For three years the Nazis abused and tortured the local people. Near the end of the war, with Germany's defeat looming, the soldiers looted all the town's valuables. However, the citizens stage an uprising and ambushed them, killing many. The survivors, including Herzog, were chased into the mountains, and it was assumed that they all froze to death. The hiker then continues on his way. That night, Vegard wakes to a figure placing something beneath the floorboards of the cabin. He calls out, believing it to be Sara, but she ignores him and leaves. Vegard follows, and finds her outside covered in blood. Vegard suddenly jolts awake in his bed, revealing it was a dream. Meanwhile, the hiker has set up camp in the mountains and is eating dinner when he is disturbed by a noise outside. He investigates, and is attacked and killed by a zombie. The next morning Vegard, out looking for Sara, discovers the hiker's body. He searches the area, falls through the snow into a cave, and is knocked unconscious. After sunset, Erland  finds an old wooden box filled with valuables and golden trinkets. They celebrate, and one of them pockets a gold coin. They eventually return the rest of the treasure to the box. Erlend goes to the outhouse where he and Chris  have sex. Afterwards, Erlend return to the cabin, and drops a gold coin. Chris is attacked by a zombie, and killed. The others leave the cabin to look for her, and find Sara's rucksack buried in the snow. On returning to the cabin, they are attacked. Erlend is killed in an attempt to defend the cabin, and the others secure the building. Vegard comes around in the cave, discovering German firearms and helmets, as well as Sara's severed head. He is attacked, but escapes to the surface, where he is confronted by a zombie. Vegard stabs the zombie in the eye, but is knocked from the cliff side by a second assailant. Vegard is bitten in the neck by the zombie, whilst the two hang from the cliff using an intestine as rope. He climbs back to the snowmobile, stitches his wounds, and mounts a machine gun to his snowmobile. Meanwhile, the remaining four students decide to split up. The two men, Martin  and Roy , attempt to distract the zombies, while the two women, Hanna  and Liv , run for the cars and go for help. En route to the cars, the girls are ambushed. Liv is knocked out by the zombies and awakens to them pulling out her intestines. Using a hand grenade, she commits suicide and kills her assailants. Hanna leads a zombie to a cliff edge, breaks the ice, and they fall. The pair survive, and Hanna kills the zombie. Martin and Roy accidentally set fire to the cabin with Molotov cocktails. They escape, and arm themselves with power tools. More zombies attack, but they are aided by Vengard. During the attack Vengard is killed and Martin accidentally kills Hanna, who has returned to the cabin. Herzog arrives, leading a group of zombies. They attack, and Martin is bitten on the arm. To avoid becoming infected, he cuts of his arm with a chainsaw. After killing the remaining undead, Martin and Roy attack Herzog, who calls upon hundreds of zombies, that rise from under the snow. Whilst running from their attackers, Roy is hit in the head by a hammer, disembowelled by a tree branch, and killed by Herzog, who retrieves a watch from his pocket. Martin realises the zombies intent, and retrieves the box from the ruined cabin. He returns the box to Herzog, and escapes to the car. There, he finds a gold coin in his pocket, just as Herzog smashes the window of the car."] ["A homeless schizophrenic , thinks he's an alien zombie sent to earth. Roaming the streets of Los Angeles in search of dead bodies, he tries to bring the dead back to life by engaging in homosexual sex."] ['Immediately after his apparent demise at the end of Phantasm II, a new Tall Man emerges from the white room dimension fork. During this time the hearse driving Liz and Mike carries on and explodes. Reggie, who was attacked by the Alchemy/Tall Man creature, rushes over and finds Liz dead and a dwarf devouring her face. After killing a few dwarfs with his four-barrel shotgun, the Tall Man appears, apprehending Reggie and an unconscious Mike but leaves when Reggie threatens to detonate a grenade. Stating that he wants Mike in one piece, the Tall Man leaves with Liz\'s head in hand claiming to return for Mike when he\'s well again. After apparently spending two years comatose in a hospital, Mike has a near death experience, in which his brother Jody appears and tells him he\'s not ready to cross over into the light. Mike walks on but the Tall Man stands in his way causing him to wake up. Just as Reggie arrives, Mike is attacked by a demon nurse but fights her off. A sphere emerges from her head and crashes out through the window. Back at home, Jody appears again to warn Mike but the Tall Man arrives via dimension fork, fights off Reggie and Jody  and draws Mike through the gate with him. The next morning, Reggie  travels to Holtsville, which turns out to be deserted. Reggie is captured by three looters who lock him in his Cuda\'s trunk and drive on to another house. There they are attacked and killed by a little boy named Tim, who also releases Reggie. After they have buried three looters in the yard, Tim tells Reggie how the Tall Man took his parents and destroyed the town. In the morning, Reggie and Tim find the three graves empty and their pink hearse gone. Setting out to find the Tall Man, Reggie wants to leave Tim with a woman looking after orphans but the boy hides in the trunk and comes along. Reggie enters the Holtsville mausoleum and is confronted by a sphere. Before he can destroy it, he is assaulted and subdued by two young black women, Tanesha and Rocky. Reg tries to warn them but the sphere kills Tanesha, as well as damaging Rocky\'s nunchaku. Tim appears and shoots it out of the air with his pistol. The three join forces and drive on, looking for a town called Boulton, which contains a large mortuary. On their way the come across a convoy of hearses driven by gravers and follow them. As they camp outside, the Jody-sphere floats over to Reggie. In a dream, Jody appears and leads Reggie to the Tall Man\'s lair, where Mike is imprisoned in a small cell. The two free him but the Tall Man reappears and pursues the three. Jody is transformed back into a sphere and Reggie awakes. Jody appears again, opens another gate and Mike emerges. The Tall Man tries to emerge as well but Reggie manages to shut the gate just as he was about to reach through, cutting off the Tall Man\'s hands. They manage to fight off the small creatures the hands morph into and also later the pink hearse containing the three comically-zombified looters. They reach Boulton mortuary, where they come across a cryonics facility, which reminds Mike that the Tall Man dislikes cold. While Reggie, Rocky and Tim are separately attacked by the looters, Mike consults with the Jody-sphere, who explains that the Tall Man is amassing an army to conquer dimensions. He also shows him in a dream what the Tall Man does with the dwarf creatures he has created from the dead: he removes the sapient part of the brains to create the spheres, turning the body into a drone and the mind into a killer. The Tall Man senses their presence and before they can leave, and paralyzes Mike. Surrounded by hundreds of spheres, the Tall Man reaches for Mike, who wakes up and finds himself strapped to the table. The Tall Man grabs and subdues the Jody-sphere and welcomes Mike. Soon after, two of the looters, Rufus and Henry, wheel in Tim. Mike tries to give a message to the boy, saying "There are thousands of them", but is paralyzed beyond speech by the Tall Man. Rocky meanwhile manages to shake off her attacker and goes on to fight off Reggie\'s. Cut free by the Jody-sphere, Tim runs into the remaining looters who are killed by the Jody-sphere and Reggie\'s 4-barrel shotgun. The trio crash into the embalming room, where the Tall Man has begun operating on Mike. Rocky impales the Tall Man with a spear dipped in liquid nitrogen, causing his flesh to begin melting. Rocky and Reggie lock him into the refrigerator room. A golden sphere breaks out of his head, crashes outside and chases through the corridors. Surprised by the golden sphere, Reggie catches it with a plunger and is almost overpowered by it. With help from Rocky and Tim, he submerges the sphere in the nitrogen tank neutralizing it. In the meantime, Mike climbs from the table and sees yellow blood issuing from his wound. He looks into a mirror and sees a golden sphere in his own head, concealed his torn skin. Just after the Tall Man\'s sphere has been dumped into the nitrogen, Mike appears, showing silver eyeballs, complaining of the cold and walking outside. Reggie chases after him but Mike warns him to stay away. Jody leaves as well telling Reggie that they\'ll be in touch. Reggie suggests searching the mortuary but Rocky leaves having had enough of dealing with the undead. Reggie and Tim go back inside and Tim reports that Mike said that "There are thousands of them." Unknown to them, dozens of spheres are hovering above them. In the next room, Tim finds the poles of the dimension fork and the nitrogen tank overturned. He goes back to find Reggie pinned to the wall by force of the spheres. Tim tries to get his gun but a new Tall Man reappears and watches as Tim is pulled through a window by a creature followed by the sound of him getting torn apart and devoured, continuing the films\' trademark ending.'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens a year after the previous film with Charles Garrison  arriving at a mortuary with one of the canisters of Trioxin that he salvaged from the previous movie. He is greeted by a team of Russian government officials whose goal is to destroy the last of the canisters to avoid another incident like that of what happened in Necropolis. Nevertheless, one of them sprays three corpses with the gas, and revives three corpses. Charles, is killed during the incident along with the mortuary owner and one of the government officials. Meanwhile, Jenny , Julian ([[John Keefe , Cody  and Becky , characters from the previous film who are in college as of this movie, receive notice of the “murder” of Charles. Julian and Jenny go to search for and possibly sell what belonged to Charles, and they find the last two barrels of Trioxin. One of them is taken to Cody, who tests the chemical inside it. Jeremy, Jenny’s brother, tastes the chemical when he thinks that it is a drug similar to Ecstasy, and he goes into a spasm, in which he foams at the mouth, and then describing what it was like. The chemical is named “Z” for its “zombie-like” effect on the living. When Jenny and Julian leave the lab, Cody, Jeremy and Shelby extract the chemical from the canister and they put the liquid extract into pills which the sell to Skeet , so he can sell the drug around the school. While Skeet informs every to only take one pill at a time for health reasons, most that go to the school take more than one pill at a time . Gino  and Aldo Serra , the only survivors from the beginning of the movie, recognize what is going on when they are shown the severed head of one of the zombies, and they go to question Julian, knowing that he is familiar with Trioxin due to the events of the previous movie, but he doesn’t tell them anything of the canisters that he and Jenny discovered. Sometime later, people are turning into zombies, and the drug is being passed around a rave, and getting out of control. Seeing no other option, Aldo calls in military assistance, but he is told that an American bomber plane is already on the way to the rave location.'] ['A contagious virus has spread throughout the land turning everybody who is bitten into zombies. Morgan, Ash, and Johnny believe they are the only humans left, and spend their time lounging in mansions playing video games. When they stumble upon scientist Stef who claims to have a cure, the three of them decide to help save mankind whilst trying to each win her affections.'] ['The story plays three days later as the first movie, the ancient power transmuted the people in bloody-minded zombies,Evil: In The Time Of Heroes for over 9000 years the fight was ever between undead and humans, who won by the humans.Evil In The Time Of Heroes – Zombiecommand.com'] ['On the Berlin subway, university student Cheryl is pursued by a mysterious, masked man. However, rather than attack her he offers her tickets to a free screening at a local, recently renovated cinema. She talks her friend, Kathy, into going with her. At the crowded theater, they meet two young gentleman, George and Ken, and sit with them. Before the film begins, a woman named Rosemary scratches her face with a bizarre mask in the lobby. The film is a violent, disturbing horror film that features the mask from the lobby. Feeling ill, Rosemary goes to the bathroom. The scratch on her face bursts open, spewing out a foul pus. She is soon transformed into a bloodthirsty, fanged demon. Rosemary attacks her friend, Carmen. Carmen rips through the screen and transforms into a demon in front of the rest of the cinema goers. The group of uninfected race to any exit they can find, only to find that they have all been bricked up. Although they attempt to barricade themselves in the balcony, many of them are attacked and infected by the demons. One of the demons escapes into the city when four punks break in to the building through a back entrance. The punks are soon transformed into demons as well. In the cinema, only George and Cheryl remain uninfected. Using a motorcycle and sword props from the lobby, they ride through the auditorium slicing down many demons. Suddenly, a helicopter crashes through the roof. George and Cheryl use its winch to climb to the roof. There they are attacked by the mysterious man from the subway but are able to kill him by impaling his head on an exposed bit of rebar. The two climb down onto the streets and discover the demonic infection has spread throughout the city. They are picked up by well-armed survivors in a jeep. As they drive to safety, Cheryl transforms into a demon. She is killed by one of the other passengers, leaving George as the only survivor from the cinema.'] ['After World War 3, the dead have risen and are eating the living after the sun goes down. A group of survivors are held up in a building fighting off the undead. One night though, the zombies break through and the group is forced to evacuate. They find themselves running through the woods, trying at all costs to stay alive.'] ["The lead singer of boy band 'Take 10' vanishes. The band conducts an American Idol type contest to find a replacement."] ["While working in the church, Grace  finds a hidden crypt. While exploring she discovers a voodoo book, however she is soon sent away by Father Cornelius . Grace's son, Nathan  attends the local high school, with his friends Henry  and Diggs . Nathan likes his long-time friend Jessica  however is too scared to ask her out, in case he is rejected. Also in the school are popular girls Charlotte , Glenda  and Cheryl . Cheryl pursues Nathan, despite already having a boyfriend, Samson , who confronts Nathan along with his womanising friend Kenneth  after seeing Cheryl talking to Nathan. Meanwhile, Henry and Diggs, fed up with Nathan not asking out Jessica, force the pair to meet after school. While Nathan waits for Jessica, he writes a note about what he will say to her to ask her out. Meanwhile, Jessica's over-protective father forbids her to leave, but she sneaks out. Nathan becomes impatient due to Jessica's lateness and leaves before Jessica arrives; she reads the note; however, through a misunderstanding, Nathan believes Jessica is with Kenneth. Nathan goes home and contemplates hanging himself in his room. Just as he dismisses the idea, Grace enters and knocks the chair over Nathan is standing on, causing him to be hanged. Grace returns to the church and performs a ritual from the book, which brings Nathan back to life. The ritual seems to have gone well, despite Nathan not remembering what happened, however Father Cornelius soon warns Grace that the book was damaged and those who are resurrected by it have the urge to eat human flesh. At school, Nathan hears Kenneth lying about what happened with Jessica the previous night to Samson and another friend, Shane . As Jessica attempts to ask Nathan out, he turns her down, thinking what Kenneth said was true. As the day progresses, Nathan slowly succumbs to the symptoms of the book. At night, everyone heads to a school disco, where Cheryl makes out with Nathan, before he runs away. Samson follows him and begins to fight him for what he did with Cheryl. Nathan soon becomes more zombie-like and bites Samson before returning home. As Samson becomes a zombie, he attacks Shane and infects him, before more pupils and students are also infected. Jessica goes to Nathan's house to sort things out, but Nathan warns Jessica away from him, realizing something is wrong with him. The next morning, Grace tells Nathan what happened. Nathan realises that Samson is infected and tries to get the police to help capture him, but he is ignored. Returning home, Grace locks Nathan in the garage and starts to search for something to help him recover. Meanwhile, Charlotte has also become a zombie and infects Kenneth. Cheryl and Glenda go to a local bar, where they witness a zombie attack. Henry and Diggs also witness a zombie attack in the video shop. Henry and Diggs hide, and see that most of the town have been infected. They phone Jessica and tell her to lock herself inside her house. Henry and Diggs travel to Nathan's house and free him, before setting off to Jessica's. However, on their way they crash their car and have to continue on foot. Jessica is attacked by zombies in her house, including Samson, but she overpowers them and manages to escape. Grace goes to the church, but is attacked by Father Cornelius. He is soon bitten by a snake in the crypt, revealing the snake's venom is the cure to the infection. She takes the snake and leaves. Outside, Cheryl and Glenda are hiding in the graveyard. They encounter the infected Charlotte who bites Glenda, allowing Cheryl to get away. Nathan finds Jessica in a barn beside her house, where Jessica tells Nathan that she never did anything with Kenneth. Meanwhile, Henry and Diggs arrive at Jessica's house, followed by Cheryl who is being chased by a group of zombies. They hide in a cupboard in the house until night time when they try to escape. As they go outside they are saved by Nathan, however a group of zombies close in on them, but Jessica manages to kill them with the aid of a tractor. The survivors hide in the barn, but Samson and Shane get in and infect Cheryl. The others manage to escape to a platform, but are now trapped. They pour gasoline onto the barn floor, before Grace arrives with the snake. However, the snake escapes and the zombies begin to attack Grace. Natahan saves Grace, allowing her to escape, and also kills Samson. Nathan soon completely succumbs to the ritual, and becomes a zombie. As he is about to attack his friends, the snake bites him. The zombies quickly attack Nathan and he is caught in the fire that Jessica has egnited. Jessica, Diggs and Henry leave, and soon discover Nathan survived the fire, who finally asks Jessica to go out with him, to which she answers yes."] ["An attorney arrives at a castle to settle the estate of its recently deceased owner. The owner's wife and daughter reveal that he was someone who was able to summon the souls of ancient plague victims and, in fact, his spirit was roaming the castle at that very moment. Soon occupants of the castle begin to die off in gruesome, violent ways."] ['A ghostly murder after another occurs on the castle of Count Mihajli after his death. The dead rebel against the experiments of the mad professor Droylaw, who had tried to cooperate with the Count to bring the dead back to life.Troma Releases Details for THE HANGING WOMAN DVD Horror icon Paul Naschy plays a necrophiliac grave robber who himself becomes one of the living dead by the end of the film, thus in effect giving Naschy two roles to play. Scream queen Dianik Zurakowska gets s lot of screen time in this cult classic, even baring her breasts in one scene.'] ['Max Kelp, reviled high-school nerd, is obsessed with a theory involving internal combustion power and a computer. Max creates a zombie, using a corpse and a lawnmower engine, for his school science fair.'] ['British animal liberation activists break into a laboratory in Cambridge and are caught by a scientist while trying to free some chimpanzees being used for medical research. Despite the warnings of the chief scientist that the chimps are infected with a virus dubbed "Rage," which he claims is highly contagious and only takes one bite to spread, the activists open the cages anyway and release the chimpanzees. A chimp attacks a female activist and immediately infects her, and she in turn infects the other members of the group, including the chief scientist when he attempts to kill her. 28 days after the events, a bicycle courier named Jim  awakens from a coma in St Thomas\' Hospital. He finds the hospital deserted and seemingly empty. He finds a medical suit and dresses. Outside, he discovers London deserted with signs of catastrophe everywhere. Jim then wanders into a seemingly abandoned church, only to alert a small group of Rage-infected people who were hiding there. As he tries to approach a priest who\'s been infected, they spot him and try to attack him, giving chase. At the last minute, he is saved by Selena  and Mark , who throw Molotov cocktails at Jim\'s pursuers, resulting in the blowing up of a petrol station. Afterwards, they rush him to their hideout in the London Underground. There they reveal that while Jim was comatose from his accident, an unknown virus spread uncontrollably among the populace, turning most people into rabid, psychotic "infected," resulting in societal collapse. They also explain that infection has been reported in Paris and New York City. The next morning, Selena and Mark accompany Jim to his parents\' house in Deptford where he discovers that they have committed suicide, leaving a note for him. That night, two of the infected see a candle Jim lights in the kitchen and attack. Mark is badly cut and covered in infected blood; Selena quickly kills him, later explaining to Jim that the Rage virus overwhelms its victims in no more than 20 seconds. This necessitates the immediate killing of people who may have been infected. She also assures him that, should he get infected, she would kill him "in a heartbeat." After leaving, they discover two more survivors, Frank  a cab driver, and his teenage daughter, Hannah , holed up in a block of flats, and are invited to spend the rest of the night with them. Frank informs them the next day that supplies, particularly water, are dwindling, and plays them a pre-recorded radio broadcast apparently transmitted by an Army blockade near Manchester, who claim to have "the answer to infection" and invite any survivor to try to reach their safe haven. The survivors board Frank\'s cab in search of the signal source and during the trip bond with one another in various situations. When the four reach the deserted blockade, Frank is infected when a drop of blood from a dead body falls into his eye. As he succumbs, he is killed by the arriving soldiers, who then take the remaining group to a fortified mansion under the command of Major Henry West . After settling in the mansion, West promises the three protection from the infected. However, Jim quickly discovers that West\'s "answer to infection" involves waiting for the infected to starve to death, and his broadcast of the radio message was launched to attract female survivors into sexual slavery to rebuild the population with his platoon\'s members. Jim attempts to escape with Selena and Hannah, but is captured by the soldiers, along with a Sergeant Farrell , who disagrees with the major\'s plan and tried to stop the other soldiers from imprisoning the group. During their imprisonment, Farrell theorizes that there is no worldwide pandemic, and that only Great Britain has been quarantined, which is proved when a plane flies over, possibly a NATO plane scouting the land. The next day, Selena and Hannah are made to dress in evening wear and prepare for rape, as two soldiers lead Jim and Farrell to be executed. After his escorts quarrel after killing Farrell, Jim manages to escape and notices the contrail of a jet aircraft flying high overhead, which largely confirms Farrell\'s theory. After luring West and one of his men to the blockade and ambushing them, Jim runs back to the soldiers\' headquarters where he unleashes Mailer, an infected soldier whom West kept chained outside for observation. Mailer attacks the soldiers in the mansion, while Jim sets out to rescue the girls, who had been split up in the chaos. Selena, held hostage by Corporal Mitchell , is then rescued by Jim, who arrives and savagely kills Mitchell with his bare hands. Selena mistakes Jim for an infected and raises her machete to kill him, but when she hesitates, Jim remarks, "That was longer than a heartbeat." The two kiss, reunite with Hannah, and run to Frank\'s cab, only to encounter a vengeful West, who shoots Jim in the stomach. Hannah commandeers the cab and backs it up to the front door, where Mailer drags West out through the rear window and kills him. She then drives away with Jim and Selena. Selena and Hannah rush Jim to a deserted hospital, where Selena performs life-saving emergency procedures, but to no avail, as he falls into the coma again. They leave with his body. 28 days later, Jim is shown waking up in recovery again, this time at a remote cottage. Downstairs, he finds Selena sewing large swaths of fabric when Hannah appears. The three rush outside and unfurl a huge cloth banner, adding the final letter to the word "HELLO" laid out on the meadow. As a lone Hawker Hunter T.7 fighter jet flies over the landscape, infected people are shown lying by the side of a road, dying of starvation. The jet flies past the three waving survivors and their distress sign and calls in a rescue helicopter. As it flies away Selena says with a smile, "Do you think they saw us this time?"'] ["A scientist studying an ancient crypt near a grand mansion accidentally unleashes an evil curse. The curse reanimates the dead buried in the area and the zombies devour the scientist. Three couples and the son of one of the women arrive at the mansion at the scientist's invitation. The zombies rise from their graves to pursue the seven visitors and the mansion's two servants. At the first Plot of the movie, The professor was studying the old graveyard near the mansion but he did not know he disturbed the unknown forces and make the zombies rise. Evelyn and Nicholas were having a honeymoon, when Micheal saw them. Janet wants to leave the mansion when Mark tries to stop her. The group have a breakfast. Meanwhile the maid and the caretaker was in the house and the power supply cut short, Janet and Mark was outside, Mark taking pictures of Janet, and the two have fun, but they are caught by a zombie, Janet was almost bitten but she was spared when Mark knocks down the zombie, the two runs back. Evelyn, Nicholas and Micheal are in the old mausoleum where they are attacked by the zombies, Nicolas shoots the zombies, allowing Evelyn and Micheal to run but he is eaten by the zombies. Leslie and James were having sex at the garden when the tomb stone at the top of them opens releasing the zombie, and a large group of zombies attack them. Then Leslie stumbles down and James keeps pulling her to run and they run back to the mansion, meanwhile Janet's foot was trapped in a booby trap while running, and a large group of zombies attack them again, but Mark manages to kill some zombies but he was strangled by a zombie, while Leslie and James was running, they hear Janet scream, the two manage to kill the zombies by hitting them with a large stone pile, the group encounter more zombies along the way. Evelyn and Micheal try to run back and were trapped, and a zombie finds them, but Leslie manages to kill it by throwing paint with gas on it then she burned the zombie, but sees another one and does it again, the two manage to find a way out and reunited with the four others, and they run back to the mansion. When the group finally made it inside, they closed all the doors and windows, the zombies were destroying the mansion to get inside, and the group barricaded themselves inside. Kathryn was walking around the corridors checking the rooms and she saw an open window, when she tried to close it, a zombie throw a large nail pile on her hands, she was trapped and screaming, and the zombies get a large grass ripper and decapitated her head, her head falls on the ground and the zombies ate it. James found the headless corpse of Kathryn, and throws it outside but the hands of it was still trapped, but the zombies hurdled and grabs it and eat Kathryn's body. The zombies get some defenses and try to destroy the house, but they get away when James manages to kill some of them. One of the zombie climbs up. Leslie is curing Janet's foot, she gets down to find some medicine, while walking on the corridor a zombie crashes the glass of the window and caught Leslie's hair, the zombie pulls her head on the glass Shatters, and the glass pieces hit her face and the zombie rips off the part of her scalp. George finds Janet alone and helps her to get up, they go to the library. The zombies keep destroying the walls to get in. The zombies saw Janet, She runs back and stumbled down and grabs a spear stabbing some zombies attacking her. Mark, James and George finds her and kills the zombies, Evelyn and Micheal arrives too and watches them kill the zombies. Evelyn saw another zombie climbing on the window and she gets a machete and chops its hand, but when another zombie enters the room it goes on Micheal's front, she immediately decapitates the zombie's head. The group tries to escape the mansion. Evelyn and Micheal have a short moment talking about what happened, but Micheal sexually hugs his mother and tries to hold her legs,it shows what he visually saw awhile ago. Evelyn feels uncomfortable and slaps Micheal, She said it was wrong because he is her son and he is very young to do that. Micheal was walking around when he saw Leslie. He calls her but she does not talk, and she rises up, and she turns out to be a zombie. Janet was in the balcony when she saw the hurd zombies attacking again. Evelyn searches for Micheal, while walking, she saw a blood along the open window, and blood along the corridor, she follows the blood trail, and saw Leslie killed Micheal eating his dismembered arm, and she attacks Leslie, strangling the zombiefied Leslie and continually hits her head on the bath tub. The zombies finally destroyed the main door where Mark, James, Janet and George were standing, the group runs back and hides upstairs and barricaded themselves again. when the zombies are gone, they go outside the room and found the hysterical Evelyn, James runs back and found the dead bodies of Micheal and Leslie. they run to get outside but George was Separated and saw the professor, who is turned out to be a zombie, and he attacks George, biting his neck, and rips off his internal organs. Mark and James hear his dying scream and found out the professor eating his organs. Its almost sunrise when they get out of the mansion, they spend the night on the nearby part of the mansion. The boys woke up Janet and Evelyn but Janet is giving up, and hysterically cries. while walking on the meadow, they saw a nearby Monastery and a monk. They ring the bell and nothing answered. they try to come in, James investigates and follows a monk on a room and found out some of them, but he was schoked to found that they turned into a zombie, they place him on the top of the table and ate him. The three followed James' voice and found out the zombies eating him, Janet and Evelyn screams in terror and the three flee outside, and the dead monks followed them. Now the zombified James rises up. They are running along the road when they saw an abandoned house in construction, they barricaded themselves inside. They climb upstairs and found out another zombie, forcing them to come down and found out that the doors they barricaded are full of zombies trying to get inside. The girls try to block the gate, while Mark fights the zombie. Mark manages to push the zombie down, when they try to climb upstairs, again they saw Micheal, Evelyn was so happy and hugs him. But Micheal grabs her breast and bites it, ripping one of her breasts, she screams. The zombies now destroys the gate and more zombies came from upstairs eating Evelyn, they grab Mark, and puts him on the wood cutter. the zombies cornered Janet who is hiding downstairs, and as the scenes fades, the zombies put their hands on Janet's head while she screams in terror. as the credits roll, an unknown fate was revealed to both Janet and Mark.  * Karin Well Janet * Gianluigi Chirizzi Mark  * Simone Mattioli James * Antonella Antinori Leslie  * Roberto Caporali George the caretaker * Peter Bark Michael * Mariangela Giordano Evelyn  * Claudio Zucchet Nicholas  * Raimondo Barbieri Professor  * Anna Valente Kathryn the maid"] ["A group of prison inmates in a chain gang obtain some experimental formaldehyde, and get high off of it. They later try to escape and are shot dead. They are buried, and rise again to kill everyone in their path, and to find more formaldehyde to get high from.It's Trickery! 10 Cool Posters for 10 Very Bad Movies!"] ["In 1936, the Wollners, a German family living in rural West Virginia, are contacted by a Nazi Germany emissary to host Professor Richard Wirth. The family accept as they need the money thinking of Wirth as a visiting scholar. Wirth's project, however, has nothing to do with science and much with the occult. Years ago, the family found a Viking runestone on their property and built a stable on top of it. Wirth wants to use its power and energies to do evil but he is interrupted by the family. They hold Wirth captive in their cellar and trapped in the farm with blood markings. This prison however requires the family to sporadically capture people and use them as a source for blood. The horrifying fate of the family is then linked to Wirth's, so they keep him alive but weak and trapped. In 2007, 25-year-old Evan Marshall's life has stalled because he is left without answers after the disappearance of his older brother Victor during a camping trip in rural West Virginia. Evan tries to move on but when Victor returns one night, very much alive and having escaped his captors, Evan asks no questions – at his brother's request. Instead they load up their rifles, pack up their boat and return to fight the evil.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0450336/plotsummary The brothers head to the farm and confront the Wollners. They, in turn, warn the siblings about Wirth. They don't listen until Wirth gets out of the cellar and begins his terror. The brothers manage to poison and decapitate Wirth, however, the Wollners turn rapidly old and die. Before the youngest dies, she tells Evan that Himmler has sent eight more Nazi agents to different farms. Evan finds a map that was under the farm and discovers that others like Wirth are at other farms. While Victor returns home to his family, Evan heads out to the other farms to stop the Nazis."] ['In the early 1970s when everyone in America was worrying about what was going on in Vietnam, the United States Army was secretly developing a way to reanimate the dead. Their intention was to have the dead fight instead of the living, but the experiments were shut down when the reanimated corpses were unable to control their hunger for human flesh. Thirty years later the army decides to reopen the project. Grover City, because of its remote location, would be the home of their main testing facilities. Without warning, the Grover City experiments go horribly wrong and the reanimated corpses go on a rampage, eating everyone in sight. With the town overtaken by zombies, a group of High School seniors take it upon themselves to fight back and find a cure for the disease.'] ["The film begins like a '80s comedy with teens looking to purchase some marijuana but turns into comedy/horror genre when a drug dealer is pushed into the river and becomes a zombie."] ['A Brooklyn garage band, General Malacarne, survives a radioactive event and have to battle against zombies to what they believe is the safe haven of Long Island.'] ['The story begins with the siblings Barbra  and Johnny  driving to rural Pennsylvania to visit their father\'s grave. In the graveyard Johnny teases Barbra that "They\'re coming to get you, Barbra" and then they are violently attacked by a strange man . Johnny tries to rescue his sister, but is killed after he falls and cracks his head on a gravestone. Barbra flees with the zombie in pursuit to a farmhouse where, to her horror, she discovers a woman\'s mangled corpse. Running out of the house, she is caught between the house and strange menacing figures that are akin to the zombie in the graveyard. A man named Ben  arrives in a car and takes her back inside the house. Ben asks Barbra if she lived in the farmhouse, but Barbra is slowly going into shock.  Hiding in the cellar of the farmhouse are married couple Harry  and Helen Cooper  and their daughter Karen , who sought refuge after a group of zombies turned over their car; and teenage couple Tom  and Judy  who arrived after hearing an emergency broadcast about a series of brutal murders. Ben turns on a radio while Barbra awakens from a stupor. Harry asks everyone to hide in the cellar, but Ben deems it a "deathtrap" and remains upstairs. Harry returns to the cellar to Helen and Karen. Karen has fallen seriously ill after being bitten on the arm by one of the zombies. Radio reports explain that a state of mass murder is sweeping across the East Coast of the United States. When Ben finds a television, the emergency broadcaster reports that the recently deceased have become reanimated and are consuming the flesh of the living. Experts, scientists, and the United States military do not know the cause, though one scientist suspects radioactive contamination from a space probe returning from Venus that exploded in the Earth\'s atmosphere.  When news reports reveal local rescue centers offering refuge and safety, Ben plans to leave and obtain medical care for Karen. Tom states that the closest center is 17 miles away in the town of Willard. Ben and Tom then go to refuel Ben\'s truck while Harry hurls Molotov cocktails from an upper window to keep the zombies at bay. Fearing for Tom\'s safety, Judy follows him. At the pump, Tom accidentally spills fuel, setting the truck ablaze. Tom and Judy try to withdraw the truck to avoid further damage; but it explodes, killing them both. Ben returns to the house but is unable to enter because Harry has locked the door behind him. He pounds on the door and shouts without result, and is finally forced to kick the door down only to find Harry retreating to the cellar. Angered by Harry\'s cowardice, Ben attacks him, while the zombies feed on Tom and Judy outside. In the house, a report on the television reveals that, aside from setting the "reactivated bodies" on fire, a gunshot or heavy blow to the head will stop them, and that posses of armed men are patrolling the countryside to restore order. Moments later, the zombies attempt to break into the house. Harry grabs Ben\'s rifle and threatens to shoot him, but Ben takes back the gun and shoots Harry, who stumbles into the cellar to collapse next to Karen, who has died of the infection of her injury. The zombies begin to pull Helen and Barbara through the windows; but Helen frees herself and goes down to the cellar to find a reanimated Karen consuming Harry. Helen falls and Karen kills her with a masonry trowel. Barbara, distracted by seeing Johnny as one of the zombies, is carried away by the horde and pulled through them. The undead break into the house, and Ben heads into the cellar. He knocks Karen out of the cellar, and he seals himself in the cellar. He shoots Harry and Helen just as they reanimate. The next morning, Ben is killed by a member of the posse, who mistakes him for a zombie, and placed onto a burning pyre along with other dead bodies.'] ["In the beginning of the film a little boy named Tony Washington  watches his father William Washington  play in a baseball game. On the way home Tony, William and Tony's mother Louise  see a young girl  about to be raped by two teenagers. William saves the young girl from being raped but is killed when one of the rapists stabs him. Years pass, and Tony  is now grown up. When Tony comes back home, Louise reminds him about the groceries. Tony leaves to get groceries. Meanwhile, a group of teenagers Bob , Amy , Jim, Peter, and Susie are at a bar. They are soon kicked out because they are underage. Bob suggests they try to find some sleazy chicks and they take off in a car, driving recklessly down the street. Tony, now a musclebound teenage baseball player, is leaving a small grocery store where he had helped disrupt an attempted robbery. As he steps out of the store and into the road, he is run over by the gang of teenagers. Tony’s mother contacts one of her neighbors, a voodoo priestess, who happens to be the young girl who was saved by Tony's father earlier in the film when Tony was a child. She resurrects Tony as a zombie. Zombie-Tony goes on a killing spree, hunting down and killing the teenagers responsible for his death. The police captain, played by Adam West, turns out to be corrupt, and is one of the original attackers from the attempted rape of the young voodoo priestess. He follows Tony to the cemetery where he shoots and kills the priestess and her zombie, only to be pulled down into Hell by Tony's father."] ["After a comet passes near the earth, most of the population becomes zombies, of the shambling cannibalistic Night of the Living Dead variety. A motley group of survivors holed up in an abandoned military compound includes a young  couple, a former porn star and her sheltered teenage daughter, a born again fundamentalist preacher, a gay man, an alpha male movie producer/rancher, a couple of soldiers, one male and one female, a high roller, and the preacher's infected zombified brother, chained up in the basement. Luckily for the boyfriend of the couple, who has been bitten by a zombie, the zombies in this movie differ from those in most movies in that their bite is not infective. While their food, water, and ammunition dwindle, internal strife hampers the group's events to come up with a plan to defeat the zombies pressing in on the chain-link fence surrounding the site; one by one they begin to fall victim, both to the zombies and to each other. The survivors theorize that the zombies have actually become infected in some way by alien organisms shed by the thawing comet. The plot takes an even more horrifying turn when vivisecting a couple of male zombies reveals the eventual end of the infection; after their genitals drop off, they become host to rapidly developing alien embryos, with the capability of regenerating whole new bodies if chopped up. Further revelations in the same vein occur when two of the female survivors, the teenage daughter of the porn star and the girlfriend, begin to display symptoms of pregnancy, despite claiming to still be virgins. After a long period of anger, the young boyfriend finally realizes that his girlfriend is telling the truth when she claims to still be a virgin; it becomes clear that is the form infection takes in human females. The teenage daughter, under the influence of the alien embryo, seduces the preacher so that the alien fetus can kill him; she dies herself. The rancher abandons the group to hole up in his well equipped and secure ranch. The young couple remain at the compound while the rest of the remaining survivors decide to make a break for it to forage for supplies, only to stall their vehicle just outside the gate and be torn to pieces by the zombies. The rancher returns unexpectedly with a load of supplies, realizing he needs companions to join him in his refuge. Under the influence of her alien fetus, the girlfriend shoots and kills the rancher. The young boyfriend attempts to operate on his girlfriend to deliver the alien, and anesthetizes her with some of the ample whiskey supply the rancher brought back; the alien abruptly leaves the girl's body, causing the boy to realize that all the uninfected survivors had described one common factor; all had been drunk at the time of the comet's appearance. Theorizing that the aliens were hypersensitive to ethanol, he doses the dead preacher's zombie brother, still chained in the basement, with whiskey with mixed results; the alien parasite cannot stand the alcohol, but this causes the zombie's head to explode. The boy and the girl, now cured of the alien parasite, leave the compound to try to survive in the outside world, now that they have a weapon against the aliens."] ['{{Plot}} Francesco Dellamorte  is the cemetery caretaker in the small Italian town of Buffalora. He lives in a ramshackle house on the premises, constantly surrounded by death, with only his mentally handicapped assistant Gnaghi  for company, who expresses his ideas and opinions only saying "Gna". Young punks in town spread gossip that Francesco is impotent. He can open up to his only friend, Franco, by telephone, but when they meet in person, have little to say. Francesco\'s only hobbies are reading outdated telephone directories, in which he crosses out the names of the deceased, and trying to assemble a puzzle shaped like a human skull. The inscription over the Buffalora Cemetery gate reads "RESVRRECTVRIS" , and indeed, Francesco has had his hands full of late. Some of the dead interred in the cemetery rise from their graves prior to the seventh day of their internment, reanimated and ready to assault the living. Francesco, as if trapped in a Sisyphean cycle, is duty-bound as cemetery caretaker, to destroy the "Returners" before they overrun the town. Buffalora\'s mayor  doesn\'t just disbelieve the cemetery caretaker\'s reports, but is so fixated on his campaigning that he seems unable even to hear Francesco\'s pleas for an investigation. Nor can Francesco surmount the complicated bureaucracy or mountain of paperwork to get assistance . Accepting his fate, Francesco and Gnaghi spend their days tending the cemetery grounds, doing their best to counteract the decay of ages, and their nights planting bullets and shovels into the brains of the walking dead. "This is my business," he says before wearily dispatching a zombie motorcyclist. "They pay me for it." At a funeral, Francesco falls hard and fast in love, with the beautiful young widow  of a rich, elderly man. While consummating their relationship atop the grave, her husband returns, attacks, and bites the unnamed woman. Francesco\'s new love seemingly dies from the bite; however, the coroner later says she died of fright. Fearing the worst Francesco stays near her corpse believing she will rise as a Returner. When she does, he blindly shoots her, believing his love turned to a zombie. Later, she rises again as a true Returner. At this point, Francesco comes to believe that she was not really a zombie when he first shot her, making it him that truly killed her. After that, having lost his only love and destroying her, he begins plummeting into a deeper and deeper depression. Furthermore he is visited by the leering figure of Death, who tries to recruit Francesco as a fellow reaper. Francesco repeatedly encounters women, all played by Falchi and listed in the credits only as "She", who resemble his lost love. He goes to outrageous ends to be with them - when the object of his affection confesses to being terrified of the thought of men\'s penises inside her, Dellamorte visits the doctor to have his penis removed  - but circumstance or fate always steals away Dellamorte\'s lovers. In this case, the woman he has gone great lengths to please is raped by the new mayor. She comes to find out that she enjoys sex and no longer has a phobia of men\'s penises. To this length she decides to marry the mayor still believing that Francesco is impotent. This is mirrored as Gnaghi becomes sweetly obsessed with the Mayor\'s capricious daughter Valentina . This fixation would seem to end tragically when she is decapitated in a motorcycle accident. Instead, Gnaghi digs up her reanimated head, and an innocent romance begins. Prodded by the twin specters of Love and Death, Francesco begins to wonder if the easiest way to stop the dead from returning might be to shoot them in the head while they are alive. His grip on reality slipping, and despair mounting, Francesco heads into town square at night with his revolver, shooting the group of young men in town who has made fun of him for years due to his rumored impotence. He later meets a third manifestation of "She" and ultimately sleeps with her. Upon finding out that she is a prostitute he kills her by setting her on fire with a room heater. She and two of her friends are killed in the fire. His friend Franco is accused of the murders after he kills his wife, child, and attempts suicide the same night by drinking a bottle of iodine. Francesco goes to visit his friend in the hospital, and after killing a nun, a nurse, and a doctor Franco tells Francesco that he doesn\'t know who Francesco is. When even these desperately demonstrative acts fail to change Dellamorte\'s situation - he cannot even get himself arrested when bluntly confessing his crimes to the police - he and Gnaghi pack up the car, and head for the Buffalora city limits. "Past this town is the rest of the world," Dellamorte muses, "What do you think the rest of the world looks like?" However, upon exiting the last tunnel out of town, they find the road is destroyed and they cannot pass. Gnaghi is injured when Francesco slams on the brakes, and his head impacts the dashboard. Francesco gets out of the vehicle and walks to the edge of the road where it drops into a large chasm. Gnaghi gets out of the car and begins to seize and collapses to the ground seemingly dead. Francesco, realizing that the rest of the world doesn\'t exist and fearing that his assistant is dead, loads a gun with two bullets to finish them both off. Before he can shoot, Gnaghi wakes up and throws Francesco\'s gun off the cliff. He then asks Francesco to take him home, speaking clearly. Francesco replies "Gna.".'] ['The movie starts with Hank and his immature girlfriend, Tina, driving in a car to the beach with a gang of motorcyclists. Tina is drinking alcohol, Hank tells Tina to lay off the alcohol, but Tina says she\'s going to have a great cocktail. Hank says he\'s not going to carry her everywhere like a servant. Tina gets mad and says she never needed him. Hank says that he has matured from being a "campus big shot who\'d do anything for kicks." She wants to prove to him she can live better in her own way. Meanwhile, a boat dumps toxic waste into the ocean, which lands on a sunken ship with a skull of a dead sailor, which transforms slowly into a half human, half fish-like monster. The monster then proceeds to make its way to the surface. Meanwhile, a party is going on at the beach with music played live by "The Del-Aires". The party catches the attention of a motorcycle gang. Tina starts flirting with the leader, Mike. After some dancing, Tina begins stripping. Hank, who was just staring out at the ocean, talks with Elaine. He tells her about Tina, and Elaine says she is sure that Tina will understand him eventually. Noticing the commotion at the beach, Hank and Elaine decide to check. Hank, angry at Tina, tries to take her away, but Mike starts a fight with him. Hank wins, and Mike accepts his defeat. Tina tries to apologize to Hank, but he leaves. Mike is then taken home by his gang. Tina then decides to go for a swim. She swims all the way out to some rocks far away from the beach. She is attacked and killed by the monster. The sight of her body causes commotion on the beach. Later, Elaine has been worried about Hank since Tina\'s death. Her father, Dr. Gavin, tells her not to worry about him. Eulabelle, Dr. Gavin\'s housekeeper, suggests that some kind of voodoo is responsible for Tina\'s death. Gavin refuses to believe it. Later that night, Elaine cancels going to a slumber party with her friends. The monsters, whose number have increased, along with the inclusion of a new kind of monster which seems to be more plant-like than fish-like, attack the slumber party and kill most of the girls. This news spreads quickly. Three traveling girls make their way through the town while traveling to New York. They get a flat tire while going past Fingel\'s Quarry. While attempting to fix the tire, they are killed by the monsters. Elaine is later seen depressed by the news of these murders. Hank comes by to pick her up for a date and decides to go to the beach. He has a short chat with the Del-Aires, who tell him that there has been no action since Tina was killed. The band sings "Summer Love." Meanwhile, two girls wait for someone to pick them up. A monster stalks them as they walk along. The girls are finally picked up, and the monster gets angry. The monster then walks along the street, and it notices a clothing store with female mannequins on display. The monster punches through the glass in an attempt to attack them, but its arm is ripped off by the sharp edges. The arm is later studied by Dr. Gavin and Hank. The arm is still alive, and they can\'t figure out how to kill it. They then hear some noises upstairs. Thinking it\'s one of the monsters, they prepare to defend themselves, but it turns out to be Eulabelle. She notices the monster arm and is startled by it, accidentally spilling a container of sodium on it, which kills the arm. A way to kill the monsters has been found. Meanwhile, a drunk is killed by another monster, the only male victim shown. Since the discovery of the monsters\' weakness, a way to locate the monsters is searched for. After discovering that the monsters leave radioactive water wherever they go, which allows scanning for them to track them, Dr. Gavin finally tells Hank to get sodium. Hank cannot find anyone who supplies sodium, but Eulabelle suggests he try the last few places in the phone book. Hank finds a place that has it and goes to New York to get it. Meanwhile, Dr. Gavin has no luck in finding the monsters. Eulabelle tells him that Hank went to get the sodium, and Elaine went to look for the monsters at Fingel\'s Quarry. Dr. Gavin realizes that it\'s where the monsters must be, and he rushes off to help Elaine, bringing a small case of sodium with him. Elaine tests the water for radioactivity, and the monsters chase her. She trips between two rocks and injures her leg, but she still tries to run away. Dr. Gavin arrives and throws sodium at the monster attacking Elaine, which kills it. Another monster attacks. Since he used his sodium, he attempts to defend his daughter himself. Hank, who is bringing more sodium, is stopped by a cop, who leads him to Fingel\'s Quarry. Hank saves Dr. Gavin by killing the monster attacking him, but Gavin is burned. The group then kills all the monsters. Later, Hank visits Elaine, whose leg is recovering. They kiss while music by the Del-Aires plays on the radio.'] ["Detectives Roger Mortis  and Doug Bigelow  are called to the scene of a rather violent jewelry store robbery. The robbers take on a squadron of police in a messy shootout, but neither seem affected when they are riddled with bullets. Thanks to the combined, albeit extreme measures of Mortis and Bigelow, they are able to take out the criminals, their acts narrowly avoiding termination. Meanwhile, a coroner friend of Roger's, Rebecca  informs the detectives that the two bodies they had brought in had previously been to the morgue and inexplicably had already been autopsied on, suggesting they simply got up and left the morgue at their own volition. There is a preservative chemical compound in their bodies that connect the pair to a company that had ordered a great amount of it recently. Mortis and Bigelow investigate and meet the company's head public relations person, Randi James  who gives them a tour of the facility. When Doug wanders off to investigate a suspicious room, he encounters the reanimated corpse of a biker on a strange machine and in the fray, Roger is knocked into a decompression room used to humanely kill failed test animals and is asphyxiated to death. Encountering the machine, and realizing it is capable of bringing people back from the dead, Rebecca and Doug successfully bring Roger back from the dead. He says he feels fine, yet he has no heart beat and his skin is cold to the touch, Rebecca surmises he has about twelve hours before the reanimation process ends and he dissolves into a puddle of mush. Roger decides to take this time to find and exact his vengeance on the person who killed him. They go to Randi's house just shortly before she is attacked by two more undead thugs, which the partners are able to subdue. Randi says that she is the daughter of a rich industrialist, and the owner of the company she works for until his death Arthur P. Laudermilk  they pay another visit to Rebecca, who says that she might have found a way to keep Roger in healthy condition indefinitely, but the unsure nature of the theory has him decide to spend his final hours finding the man who killed him. He and Randi pay a visit to Laudermilk's tomb and Randi admits she's not his daughter, more a protégé or daughter he'd never had. While there, they encounter a numeric code, which Roger discovers later is a vital clue. Upon returning to Randi's home, they find Doug dead, having been suspended and drowned in a fish tank for some time. Randi tells Roger that she too is undead, having been one of Laudermilk's first test subjects for resurrection, shortly before abruptly dissolving while asking for Roger's forgiveness. Roger confronts the head coroner Dr. Ernest McNab  who was indicated by the secret numeric code that Roger had found, but he turns the tables on Roger, capturing him, then locking him in an ambulance with Rebecca's dead body in order to wait out his last hour to dissolution. He releases the brakes on the ambulance and puts it in neutral, sending it careening down the highway into a massive collision, from which he emerges, even more zombified and scarred almost beyond recognition. He returns to the hospital where McNab and a resurrected Laudermilk are pitching the resurrection machine to a group of very rich clients. Mortis breaks in and the ensuing crossfire between him and McNab's men kill off most of the rich clients, leaving Laudermilk cowering in a corner. McNab reveals a test subject; Doug, resurrected from the machine. But because he's been dead for hours, the brain deterioration leaves him little more than an obedient zombie with no memory of who Roger is. Before he can obey McNab's orders to kill Mortis however, Roger manages to trigger Doug's short term memory and bring him back to normal. The pair go after McNab who immediately kills himself before they can do anything. Roger and Doug put McNab onto the resurrection table and resurrect him, but Doug starts the resurrection process again and it overloads, causing a screaming McNab to explode in the machine. Despite Laudermilk's pleas and promises of eternal life, the pair then destroy the machine completely, leaving the room pondering about the afterlife and reincarnation; Doug's fond wish of being reincarnated as a girl's bicycle seat intriguing the both of them."] ["When a clan of hillbilly dirtfarmers turn a misplaced barrell of chemical waste into a whiskey still, going blind is the least of their worries as the toxic moonshine turns them into REDNECK ZOMBIES! Now they're ready to invite a group of wayward yankees to a down-home feast of southern-fried gore and mayhem that will turn your stomach and tickle your funny bone!"] ['A meteor housing a malevolent alien parasite crashes into the town of Wheelsy, South Carolina. While frolicking in the woods with Brenda , local car dealer Grant Grant  is subsequently infected by the parasite. The parasite takes over his body and absorbs his consciousness and memories.James Gunn\'s Formspring With the alien now in control of his body, \'Grant\' begins to slowly change into a hideous tentacular slug-like monster. No one suspects Grant of the serial pet murders that have occurred around town, however his wife Starla  begins to question his health. He avoids doctors appointments and lies to keep her in the dark. Sensing her distance from her husband, Starla contacts town sheriff Bill Pardy  - her childhood crush - who attempts to reassure and comfort her while not acting on his feelings. Grant infects the lonely and neglected Brenda with hundreds of his offspring. He hides her in an isolated barn where she becomes massively obese as baby alien slugs grow inside her. Pardy leads a small group of officers on a hunt for Grant, only to be lured into a trap where Brenda explodes releasing hundreds of the alien slugs. Most of Pardy\'s group become infected, zombie-like creatures. The infected begin to want Starla and talk to her as if they are Grant. Before long, the rest of the town become infected by the parasites and are controlled via a hive mind connection with Grant, who plans to infect the rest of the world until he is \'all that is\' as shown during a failed bonding attempt with Kylie . Kylie learns about the parasite\'s history. Its consciousness, however, is tampered with by the real Grant\'s memories and his love for his wife, Starla. Pardy, Starla, Kylie, and Mayor MacReady  try to escape detection and kill Grant. The townspeople attack their vehicle, capturing Starla in the process. The survivors, Pardy and Kylie, track Starla, only to discover the infected are melding into one giant creature. They must risk their lives to stop the infestation from spreading any further. Starla charms the monster by calling him "Grant" and telling him they can be together, but as they get close to each other, she pulls a hairbrush handle from her underwear and stabs him in the chest. He slaps her with a tentacle and knocks her across the room. Meanwhile, Pardy bursts in and tries to kill the monster with a grenade, but another tentacle knocks the grenade into the pool, where it detonates. The monster sends two tentacles to stab Pardy and infect him, and one is lodged in his stomach, but Pardy attaches the other to a small propane tank, filling Grant with gas, and Starla shoots the monster, causing it to explode. All the infected die, and the three survivors begin their walk to a hospital to see about the sheriff\'s wounds. In a post-credits stinger, a cat wanders across a remaining parasite, which shoots itself into the cat.'] ['A southern town is simultaneously attacked by a UFO and zombies . A government agent  parachutes in to investigate reports of UFO sightings. Upon arriving, he finds zombies springing from the graveyard. He is killed by one of them . From here, the movie splits into four main stories.  Three men must defend their hunting club from attacking zombies, which can only be killed by head wounds. The men encounter the zombies outside their hunting lodge, but having neglected to bring any guns with them, they split up in the woods in an attempt to escape. Two of the men make it back to their hunting lodge and begin firing on the zombies. One of the men try to contact the sheriff\'s office, but the sheriff is out and they are advised by an agent from the Department of Home Land Defense to shoot the zombies in the head and avoid being bitten. The third man is wounded and makes it back to the lodge after his two friends have dispatched the zombies. His friends ask him what caused his wound and he claims he ran into a tree, when in fact he was bitten by a zombie. The men leave the woods to help defend the town. Eventually, the two non-infected friends are forced to kill the wounded man when he begins to show signs of infection. Lee, one of the remaining men, goes to a grocery store, where he is accused of being a zombie himself. The grocery store employees begin brutally beating him, which is eventually fatal. His friend  walks by the store and witnesses what is happening to him, but is too late to stop it. He goes to a strip club. The strippers have been zombified and chase him out, but he learns they are afraid of the dark. After calling the local radio station with this information, he returns to his house, which his two daughters have been left to defend alone. Keith takes his daughters and the secretary from the police station and her ex-boyfriend with him and they flee the town in Keith\'s SUV. However as they are leaving the town, Keith\'s youngest daughter states that she is hungry and wants something to eat. Keith promises her they will get some food soon. But she grabs Keith\'s hand and bites him, and the SUV careens off the road.  A man is found naked in the graveyard, looking for his car and girlfriend after being briefly abducted by aliens. He goes to the police station, where he is able to find a pair of pants, and meets up with a group of a couple other guys and the secretary of the police station. He and she go off into town, do very little, and ultimately ending up at the same house as the man in story 1.  The town\'s preacher is attacked by a zombie in his church and is forced to kill the zombie while sustaining a bite wound on his hand. A worried woman asks him to give an impromptu sermon later in the day to comfort the people of the town. The preacher then goes and looks for some alcohol to dull the pain in his hand. However he lives in a dry county. The preacher is forced to steal some liquor from a party being hosted by a pushy woman who borrowed folding chairs from him earlier in the day. The woman tries to stop him but he bites her, and is then horrified by his newfound bloodlust. Later, he gives his flock the requested sermon in the form of an angry rant. He tells his flock that they should not expect the comfort and answers that they seek, when they can\'t even be bothered to attend regular services. Then he tells them that this is the end of the world, and he states he has no answers and shows them the wound on his hand. A zombie walks in and then the preacher kills the zombie, protecting his flock when, yet again, they show themselves to be incapable or unwilling to act for themselves. The preacher then asks God to forgive him and shoots himself in the head and splatters his blood on a woman of his congregation, and she screams. This ends the preacher story thread.  The scene opens on Chuck sleeping on the floor of his store, "Chuck\'s Super Video World". He is awakened by one of his customers banging on his front door trying to return a DVD because the drop-box is full of anti-Hollywood pamphlets. The two men have a discussion about wide-screen vs. full-screen, and to make his customer happy, Chuck lets him have a free rental of the full-screen version of Citizen Kane. Chuck then hears something in the back of his store and goes to investigate the noise. He finds nothing at first, but then a zombie grabs him and pulls him back into the store. The zombie and Chuck fight briefly, and Chuck knocks out the zombie with a VCR to the head. The VCR then ejects Chuck\'s missing copy of Night of the Living Dead. Chuck attempts to contact the chief of police but he is out of town, and the secretary asks him to call back on Monday when the chief returns. Chuck then calls his mother and asks her how to get blood out of his t-shirt because he got blood on himself while fighting the zombie, and after she gives him a brief history of stain removal, she reveals that hydrogen peroxide works best. Chuck tells his mother what happened and makes plans to dispose of the corpse. Chuck loads the zombie into his truck and takes it to the police station and leaves it there with a post it note on the head with his name and number on it and instructions for the police chief to contact him on Monday when he gets back. Chuck leaves to go to breakfast and becomes aggravated when the restaurant he chooses doesn\'t have any Coke but offers him Pepsi instead. Chuck is next seen eating his breakfast as the character Chris sits down and starts talking to him about the corpse that Chuck left at the police station when Barbara, the secretary at the police station, calls looking for Chris. The two men go to the cemetery to look for Barbara\'s car which was taken by the agent from the Dept of Homeland Defense. They get to the cemetery and find the agent and Michael, and give them both a ride back to the police station. Everyone decides to try to find Barbara\'s car while Chuck volunteers to stay behind in case someone calls the police station. Chuck kills time by smoking some confiscated marijuana and waiting for the college football game to come on. Chuck watches TV while waiting for the game to come on and is upset when the game is preempted for a news report about the zombies in town. The newscaster then calls the police station and gets Chuck. The newscaster assumes that Chuck is a cop, but Chuck corrects him and then asks the newscaster to put the game back on, but the newscaster is persistent and gets Chuck to talk about the zombies. After telling what he knows about the zombies, Chuck again tries to get the newscaster to put the game back on; unfortunately it does not work, and the news broadcast continues. Later Chuck finds out from a radio broadcast that the zombies are afraid of the dark and waits for night to fall before trying to make his escape. Chuck is the last character seen alive and he is about to leave the police station to make a run for it, when he hears that the game is about to be broadcast. Chuck checks his watch and sees that he has enough time to watch the game, and sits down to watch as the movie ends and the credits roll.'] ['In this zombie horror film, a mysterious man rampages throughout England killing unsuspecting women. Each time a victim is murdered, they are brought back to life by an East Indian named Kantaka  to join his army of zombies.'] ["A young woman named Arletty  drives to the beach town of Point Dune, California, to visit her estranged father, an artist. She finds his house, abandoned. He left a diary in which he addresses her specifically. In it he complains about darkness consuming the town, and horrible nightmares he is having, and implores Arletty to never, ever look for him. His letter tells her to talk to the owner of the art gallery, who sells his paintings. The gallery owner says he has none of her father's paintings, does not sell them, no one ever comes in looking to buy his works, and says he doesn't know where he went. He says Point Dune is 'an artist colony', and he only vaguely remembers her father . It is never clear if these are townspeople, or figures from his visions, or both. By chance, Arletty meets a Portuguese-American aristocrat Thom and his two extremely provocative, groupie-like female companions, Toni and Laura. They are drinking, smoking, and walking around in states of undress, except for the man. He always wears an ivory three piece suit, 24 hours a day. He is fascinated by the town, and the legend that a blood moon rises above it periodically, and darkness then consumes the town. Back at his motel, he is interviewing Charlie  a village idiot/'wino'-type character. He tape records his bizarre rants. Charlie speaks at length about 'the blood moon' and 'the dark stranger' and how he has lived through both. He says very soon it will be the 100 year anniversary of the first appearance of the 'dark stranger', he will return, the moon will turn red, and the town will be overrun with evil. He says the stranger's followers do not kill him as they think he is a harmless hobo—they let him sleep on the sidewalk undisturbed every night. Charlie warns Arletty about her father, he says he is 'one of them' now, and must be killed, but with fire, as only fire will do the job. Moments later he is murdered off screen. Thom tells Arletty he also went to the gallery, and saw one of her father's paintings in the window. The man and his women are kicked out of the motel, supposedly because the police questioned them about the wino, and it bothered the management . They all move in together, at Arletty's father's house. Each night at the house, strange things happen, shadows crawl about on the skylights, and Arletty reads more of the diary. In it, her father reveals his body temperature is 85 degrees. This proves he is dead, but thinking and moving about, and suggests the local vampires are fully sentient and aware of what they do, and only Arletty's father feels remorse and is actively fighting his 'condition'. Meanwhile, each night, creatures gather on the beach in front of bonfires, staring straight up at the moon. The locals call it 'The Waiting'. These 'vampires' will eat anything: dead vampires, dead people, live people, live animals, etc. Each day 'order' returns to Point Dune. These vampires are especially interested in eating Arletty, Thom, Toni, and Laura. First to die is Laura, devoured inside a Ralphs supermarket, in one of the film's two semi-famous scenes. Next to die is Toni, in the other semi-famous scene, she is literally devoured in a movie theater filled with blood red seats and greenish vampire-like creatures. These 'things' act like vampires, bite their victims necks, but then eat them like George Romero's zombies. The night Toni is eaten alive, Thom races downtown, realizing she is in danger. But he's too late. Things quickly get completely crazy as the 'blood moon' rises, every resident turns into a monster, and the titular Messiah of Evil - the dark stranger, a former minister, and a Donner Party survivor from the late 19th century turned vampire/cannibal, returns. He says he has come to lead his people up the coast and inland, to spread his 'religion'. Thom gets bitten on the neck, and then suddenly two policemen in riot gear drive up, and fire their guns into a swarm of townspeople/vampire/zombies; however one of them suddenly begins to bleed, causing his now-former partner to shoot him and flee. Undaunted, the undead cop shoots his former ally and he and the other vampire/zombies go to feast on his flesh. Thom drives to the beach house, but Arletty is half-crazed; she is cold, cannot feel pain, thinks she may be dead or un-dead...she even finds a bug crawling around in her mouth and immediately vomits up various beetles, mealworms and an anole. Startled by Thom, she stabs him with garden shears. Later bandaged up and ready to go, the two of them flee to the beach. It is swarming with the ersatz vampires. They swim out to the breakers. Thom drowns, but Arletty survives. Instead of being eaten, she is tied up, to be 'sacrificed to the Messiah'. Instead of killing her, he turns her loose, and tells her to spread word of his religious movement throughout California and the world. Of course, once she is freed Arletty tries to spread word of the menace and of his cult. This causes her to be locked up in an insane asylum. She is the woman seen dancing in the hallway at the beginning of the film. Each day, all day, she sits in the sun painting. But she says she is really waiting for, and dreading the day the Messiah and his followers come to her asylum, and she is taken away to live forever as his bride."] ["The film opens up with Ginko, a stripper, trying to escape a horde of zombies inside an abandoned spa resort. As soon as she is cornered by a horde of zombies, fellow stripper Lena Jodo  arrives to kill the zombies with a chainsaw. During the attack, the chainsaw stops working and Lena is about to be killed by the zombies, only to be saved after Ginko fends them off with a katana. Lena is eventually successful at getting the chainsaw to work and begins to fend off the remaining zombies. The film cuts to several days earlier where Ginko and Lena are working in an unsuccessful strip club called Paradise Ikagawa Theatre with several other strippers. The most notable being Maria, an intelligent, red headed gothic bookworm with a penchant for self mutilation (along with a habit of quoting literary figures such as William Shakespeare., Lena, a forture telling stripper, and Darna, a stripper trying to raise enough money to see her siblings. Lena recounts what led her to the club. Several days ago, Lena returned from Mexico in desperate need of cash and goes to find work. However, she ends up getting drunk and breaking into a homeless man's cardboard box and sleeping with him. Hungover and disgusted by the discovery, Lena ditches him, steals his umbrella, and leaves while being yelled at by the homeless man over the stolen umbrella. Lena later receives a phone call from Manjiro, a deadbeat Ikagawa Promotions manager who owes the strippers a huge amount of money. Manjiro informs Lena that Ginko got arrested recently and that he will need a dancer to perform for ten days. Lena reluctantly accepts the offer due to her requiring shelter. Lena later meets up with Yudai, an employee of the strip club. Once they arrive, Yudai tells Lena about a man who attempted to build a spa resort, but was unsuccessful and led to his own family committing suicide with the spa resort being next to the strip club. Later, Yudai informs them that the theatre will be closed tomorrow. Nene interrogates Yudai about the payment and the strippers go to Manjiro after Yudai had no knowledge regarding the payment. Manjiro tries to lie his way out of the payment, but is unsuccessful. Agreeing to pay for the gig, Manjiro offers them a strip show gig at a spa resort. At the spa resort, Nene tells one of the spa workers they are with Ikagawa productions. However, the spa worker tells them that sex trade workers must come through the back door. In response Ginko informs them that they are dancers, not strippers or prostitutes. Later, the group performs a show for one of the spa attendees. Instead, the lead attendee insists on a sumo wrestling match between Lena and Ginko where the winner receives cash and the loser will be forced to be used as a human sushi bar. Lena wins the match while Ginko is reluctantly forced to become the human sushi bar. Lena ends up unintentionally sleeping with the lead spa attendee after getting drunk off red sake. Later, Ginko becomes angry with Lena's habit of sleeping with men when she gets drunk and the two of them start to fight, leading to both girls inadvertently ripping each other's shirts off and knocking down a stack of boxes. While cleaning up after the fight, Maria discovers a wooden door leading to an underground cellar of the run down spa resort. The strippers discover that the former owner had a collection of occult books, a hidden stash of yen bills , and a strange well called the Well of Spirits which has already been sealed off. While rummaging through the ex-owner's former belongings, a medieval Book of the Dead is discovered by Maria who was interested in the ex-owner's book collection. Believing she can use the book to perform necromancy, Maria chants several spells from the book, only to discover that it didn't work. Disappointed, Maria and the other girls leave the basement. What they didn't know however, was that Maria had accidentally released the undead from the Well of Spirits and the spell actually worked. While preparing dinner, Ginko and Nene discover that the spell worked and has caused all types of deceased life, including raw fish and sushi, to return back from the dead and terrorize Ikagawa. Meanwhile, Darna sneaks into the cellar where she had discovered the money, but soon discovers that a zombie was hidden underneath the pile of cash and is torn to pieces by zombies. Back in the dressing room, Ginko and Nene inform Lena and Maria about the zombie sushi incident, but are interrupted when they hear of a large audience outside. The audience, however, are revealed to be zombies who have recently killed Yudai. The zombies attack them and Nene is bitten by one of the zombies, but still manages to escape with Maria, Ginko and Lena. The zombies continue to emerge from the well and begin to slaughter the citizens of Ikagawa and eventually begin to spread all over Japan in a short manner of seconds according to a reporter who is devoured by several zombies. Although sharing the basic characteristics of infectious zombies, the zombies still retain their intelligence and intellect they had prior to being zombified. While cornered in the dressing room, Maria betrays Lena, Nene, and Ginko and escapes. Despite the betrayal, the three of them escape in the Ikagawa Paradise Theatre van, eventually driving to the spa resort where they had previously performed after the van was ruined when running over an elderly human. Ginko then reveals that she recognized a one eyed zombie amongst the crowd. She reveals that the zombie was a mentally disturbed murderer who killed Ginko's younger sister, but couldn't be touched legally due to being insane. This led a vengeful Ginko to kill the man by impaling him on an umbrella. Meanwhile, Maria returns to the abandoned spa's basement where she discovers the mutilated remains of Darna. The zombies attempt to kill Maria, who bribes them with flashing and candy. However, these attempts fail miserably. As a last resort, Maria chants a spell from the Book of the Dead and is successful at controlling them."] ["During the original outbreak of the Rage Virus, Don, his wife Alice and four other survivors are hiding in a barricaded cottage on the outskirts of London with food and water left for only a few days. They hear a terrified boy, who is running away from the infected, pounding at their door. They let him in and give him some food to eat. He explains that his own parents tried to kill him. Another survivor named Karen checks outside through a peephole, but one of the infected attacks her and bites her on the arm. Survivor Jacob tries to save her, but Karen attacks him as well. Alice takes the boy upstairs, Jacob and an elderly couple hide in the barn, and Don defends them and kills a few of the infected with a crowbar. In the barn, the couple is attacked, and Jacob tries to save a woman named Sally, to no avail. He locks himself in the attic and finds his way outside. Alice and the boy lock themselves in the room, but the infected find and attack them. Don finds them, but escapes through the window, leaving them to be attacked by the infected. He runs through fields, as a horde of infected pursue him. He finds Jacob near a motorboat; Don starts it, but Jacob falls down and is infected as Don escapes. After five weeks, all the infected have died of starvation. After eleven weeks, NATO forces headed by the US take control of Great Britain. After eighteen weeks the island is declared relatively safe, although still under quarantine. Twenty-eight weeks after the outbreak, an American-led force, under the command of Brigadier General Stone, bring in settlers to re-populate the area. Among the new arrivals are Tammy and Andy, Don and Alice's children, who were in Spain on a school trip during the initial outbreak. They are subsequently admitted to District One, a safe zone guarded by the US Army, on the Isle of Dogs. As they are examined by Major Scarlet Levy, the district's chief medical officer, she notes Andy's differently coloured eyes, a trait inherited from his mother. Sergeant Doyle, a Delta sniper and his friend, helicopter pilot Chief Flynn, are amongst the military presence charged with guarding the district. The children are reunited with their father, who had survived the original infection and was found by the US army, and who has become the district's senior maintenance engineer. In their new flat, Don explains what happened and that after he escaped, he arrived in a military camp and waited with the soldiers through the weeks. The next day, Tammy and Andy, mournful over the loss of their mother, leave the safe zone and proceed to the depopulated London wasteland area to their former house on a scooter, hoping to retrieve and take their old belongings with them. To their shock, they find their mother in a semi-conscious state. Doyle had seen the two children leave the safe zone; they and their mother are subsequently picked up by soldiers and returned to the district. Tammy and Andy are taken back to their living quarters while Alice is taken to a biohazard room where she is tested and found to be an asymptomatic carrier of the Rage Virus, with the virus inside her but with no symptoms. Later that day, Don sneaks through the security and makes an unauthorized visit to Alice in her isolation cell and asks forgiveness for abandoning her at the cottage. When they kiss, however, the Rage Virus in her saliva immediately infects Don, who savagely kills her before going on a rampage, killing and infecting several soldiers in the building. General Stone orders the building to be quarantined and District One to be put into Code Red Lock-down, and civilians are herded into safe rooms. Despite the precautions, Don breaks into a room containing a large crowd and begins killing and infecting them, quickly causing a domino effect of attackers. Scarlet rescues Tammy and Andy from containment as the soldiers in District One are ordered to shoot indiscriminately. Doyle, unable to bring himself to comply with the order, abandons his post and escapes with Scarlet, the children and others through the Greenwich foot tunnel. General Stone then orders that District One be firebombed, but large numbers of the infected, including Don, escape the bombardment. Scarlet informs Doyle that the children may hold the key to a cure and must be protected at all costs. Flynn arrives by helicopter to pick up Doyle, but refuses to take anyone else as they would be shot down if carrying possibly infected people. Flynn contacts Doyle by radio and tells him to head to Wembley Stadium, but to leave the civilians. Doyle ignores his instructions and begins escorting the civilians to Wembley, breaking into an abandoned car to escape nerve gas released to kill the infected. He is burned alive by soldiers as he tries to push start the car. Scarlet drives the car away, but a military chopper tries to blow them up; she manages to escape the chopper with the kids. She drives them into the London Underground where, as the trio continue on foot, she is ambushed and killed by Don who then attacks and bites Andy. Tammy shoots Don before he can kill Andy who remains symptom-free, but with darker, bloodier eyes, like his mother. The children continue to the Stadium and are picked up by a reluctant Flynn, who flies them across the English Channel to France, as previously instructed by Doyle. 28 days after the events, a French-accented voice requesting help is heard from the radio in Flynn's abandoned helicopter. A group of infected are seen running through a tunnel which, as they emerge into the open, is revealed to be the exit of the Paris Métro Trocadéro station with a view of the nearby Eiffel Tower, meaning that the infection spread around Europe."] ["During World War II, a small plane somewhere over the Caribbean runs low on fuel and is blown off course by a storm. Guided by a faint radio signal, they crash-land on an island. The passenger, his manservant and the pilot take refuge in a mansion owned by a doctor. The quick-witted yet easily-frightened manservant  soon becomes convinced the mansion is haunted by zombies, and confirms this with some of the doctor's hired help. Exploring, the three stumble upon a voodoo ritual being conducted in the cellar, where the doctor, who is in reality a foreign spy, is trying to acquire war intelligence from a captured US Admiral whose plane had crashed in a similar fashion on the island. But the interruption causes the zombies to turn on their master."] ['A brilliant professor invents a computer machine meant to better society. However, when her beautiful yet psychotic assistant gets a hold of it, she manipulates it to warp people\'s minds and turn them into crazed mutants. She selects three young college girls as her victims and invites them up to the professor\'s house for a weekend of torture and diabolical experiments. Luckily, the three girls are saved by the heroic woman only described as "Linda\'s Mother" . Linda is one of the three victims.'] ['Eight months after the events of Re-Animator, Dr. Herbert West  and Dr. Dan Cain  are working as medics in the middle of a bloody Peruvian civil war. In the chaos of battle and with plenty of casualties to work on, they are free to experiment with West\'s re-animation reagent. When their medical tent is stormed by the enemy troops, West and Cain return home to Arkham, Massachusetts. There, they resume their former jobs as doctors at Miskatonic University Hospital, and West returns to the basement laboratory of Cain\'s house to continue his research. Using parts pilfered from both the hospital\'s morgue and from the cemetery conveniently located next door, West discovers that his reagent can re-animate body parts by themselves. He becomes determined to create an entire living person from disparate body parts. West discovers the heart of Megan Halsey, Cain\'s fiancée, in the hospital morgue. With the promise to use her heart to re-animate a new Megan, West convinces Cain to help him with his project. Also stored in the morgue is the rest of the evidence from the previous "Miskatonic Massacre". Inside, pathologist Dr. Wilbur Graves  discovers a vial of West\'s reagent and the severed head of Dr. Carl Hill . Using the reagent, he re-animates Hill\'s head. Meanwhile, police officer Lt. Leslie Chapham  begins investigating West and Cain. He bears a grudge against the pair, as they were the only unaffected survivors of the Miskatonic Massacre; the dead body of Chapham\'s wife was re-animated into a crazed zombie during the incident. Chapham suspects West and Cain were responsible. When he stops by their house to question them, he discovers West\'s corpse-filled lab and the two get into an ugly confrontation. A fight ensues and West ends up killing Chapham by means of cloth treated with a chemical which causes cardiac arrest when inhaled . West then re-animates the police officer with the intention of covering up his crime. Chapham violently wanders out of the house and into the cemetery next door.  Hill also bears a grudge against West, as West was responsible for his decapitation; the destruction of his body; taking away Megan, with whom he was obsessed; and having better theories about reanimation than himself. Using hypnotic powers, Hill commands Chapham to force Dr. Graves to stitch bat wings onto his neck, giving him back his mobility. He also extends his mental control to all of the zombie survivors of the Miskatonic Massacre. When one of Cain\'s patients, the beautiful Gloria , dies, West collects the last piece he needs for his creation: her head. With a complete body stitched and wired together, West and Cain inject the re-animation reagent into Meg\'s heart. While waiting for the reagent to take effect, a package is delivered to their house. West retrieves and opens it. From inside, Hill\'s winged head flies out. Simultaneously, all of the zombies he controls break into the house. West retreats back to the basement lab, where his creation, the Bride, has awoken. A catfight breaks out between the Bride and Cain\'s current girlfriend, Italian journalist Francesca Danelli , whom he met in Peru. Cain rejects the Bride\'s love and sides with Francesca. Heart-broken, the Bride rips Megan\'s heart out of her own chest and then literally falls to pieces. West diagnoses this as tissue rejection. Hill and his zombies force West, Cain and Francesca to retreat through the wall of the lab and into a crypt in the neighboring cemetery. Inside, all of West\'s prior test subjects arise and make their way towards him, stopping only when Herbert commands them to. The unstable crypt begins to collapse, trapping Hill, West and the zombies. Cain and Francesca manage to escape the debris and claw their way to the surface of the cemetery together. Hill, stuck in the debris, laughs manically, while Megan\'s heart, still in the hand of the bride, stops beating. <!--'] ['Roger Cobb , an author of horror novels, is a troubled man. He has recently separated from his wife ; their only son has disappeared without a trace; and his favorite aunt , has just died, an apparent suicide by hanging. On top of everything else, it has been more than a year since the release of his latest book and he is being pressured by his publisher to write another. To the chagrin of his fans and publisher, Cobb plans a novel based on his experiences in Vietnam instead of another horror story. It is not so much that he is interested in the subject, it is more a way of purging himself of the horrors he himself experienced while there. After his Aunt\'s funeral, instead of selling her house, as recommended by the estate attorney, Cobb decides to live there for a while to try to write. Having spent a great deal of time in the house as a child, there are a lot of memories still there for him. After moving in, Cobb begins to have powerful graphic nightmares. Thoughts about his army buddy, Big Ben , who died in Vietnam, come spilling out. In addition, strange phenomena spring forth from the house itself, haunting him in his waking hours as well. He tries communicating his fears to his nosy next door neighbor, Harold , but Harold thinks he is crazy. One night while investigating a noise coming from his late Aunt\'s bedroom, Cobb is attacked by "something" in the shape of a horrible beast. More strange things happen: garden tools imbed themselves in the door near his head; his wife turns up on the doorstep one day, and as he says hello, she transforms into a hideous hag , which he shoots; then Cobb battles gremlin creatures  that are attempting to kidnap a neighbor’s child Cobb is reluctantly babysitting. Eventually Cobb finds what appears to be an entry into a sinister otherworld -- through the bathroom medicine cabinet. Looking into the void, he is pulled into the darkness by an unseen creature. In the darkness however, he fortuitously locates his lost son, Jimmy. Cobb manages to escape with Jimmy but, as they are leaving the house, they are confronted by the "living," partially decomposed corpse of Big Ben. Because Cobb had failed to kill him when he was seriously wounded in Vietnam, and had instead allowed him to be taken prisoner and tortured before dying, Ben reveals that he has been out to destroy Cobb. Cobb himself confronts Ben, aware that his anger over the kidnapping of his Son has overwhelmed his fears. Unable to instill fear in Cobb any longer, Ben is defeated. Cobb destroys him and escapes with his son. He glances back at the house, triumphantly; he has beaten it, and regained control of his life.'] ['The film takes place in a 1950s-esque alternate universe where radiation from space has turned the dead into zombies. This resulted in the "Zombie Wars", where humanity battled zombies to prevent a zombie apocalypse, with humanity the ultimate victor. The radiation still plagues humanity, as all those who die after the original contamination turn into the undead, unless the dead body is disposed of by decapitation or cremation. In order to continue living normal lives, communities are fenced with the help of a governing corporation named Zomcon. Zomcon provides collars with accompanying remote controls to control the zombies\' hunger for flesh so as to use them as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, whose name is a reference to the town in the original 1968 Night of the Living Dead, housewife Helen Robinson  buys a zombie in spite of her husband Bill\'s  zombie phobia, as Bill has had bad experiences with zombies having been a veteran of the Zombie Wars. Their son, Timmy , befriends the zombie, naming him "Fido" . One day, Fido\'s collar malfunctions and he kills their next door neighbor, who turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombified neighbor later, but not before she kills and infects another person, causing a small outbreak. Zomcom security forces quell the situation and then investigate what caused the outbreak. When a pair of local bullies are blamed for the missing neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy. Fido escapes and runs to find Helen, who comes and rescues Timmy from the bullies , and they try to forget about the whole thing. Several days later, the neighbor\'s body is found and the murder is traced back to Fido, who is taken away to Zomcon where the public is told he will be destroyed. Timmy learns through Cindy Bottoms , daughter of Jonathan Bottoms , Zomcon\'s abusive security chief, that Fido is simply working in a factory at Zomcon. Timmy sets out to rescue him with the help of Mr. Theopolis , previous security chief of Zomcon who was forced into early retirement when it was discovered he was found guilty of fraternization with his female zombie, whom he has remarkably preserved well to retard her decaying process, thus giving her a relatively attractive appearance. Meanwhile, Timmy locates Fido, but is captured by Mr. Bottoms, who attempts to throw Timmy into the zombie-infested "wild zone" that exists outside of the fenced communities. Bill comes to the rescue and is killed by Mr. Bottoms, who in turn is killed by Fido. Timmy is set free and the news media propagandizes that the Zomcom security breach was the fault of rednecks who venture out into the wild zone to hunt zombies for fun. Helen finally learns not to belittle Bill\'s bad experiences from the Zombie Wars by paying for a headless funeral in order to prevent his zombification. The film ends with Fido as a surrogate father and husband, Timmy, Helen and Helen\'s newborn baby by Bill as a new family. They, along with a few neighbors happily enjoy their new domestic lives together, including the zombified Jonathan Bottoms who is now more attentive to his daughter.'] ["{{plot}} When Curt Reynolds  steals his father's security key card, he and his girlfriend, Julie Walker , decide to explore the military base where his father works. Using the card, they sneak into a hangar and observe Curt's father, Col. John Reynolds , Col. Peck  and Lt. Col. Sinclair  overseeing an experiment with a corpse. The corpse is exposed to Trioxin gas. The Trioxin, re-animates the corpse into a zombie. The military intends to use zombies in warfare as expendable soldiers. Sometime later, Col. Reynolds informs Curt that they'll be moving again  and Curt refuses. Angrily, he storms out of home, riding off on his motorcycle with Julie. While speeding down the road Julie playfully grabs Curt's crotch causing him to lose control of the motorcycle. He veers into the path of an oncoming truck, swerves and slams strongly into the road guard rail. Julie is thrown from the bike and into a telephone pole, the impact breaks her neck and kills her. Distraught, Curt brings Julie's corpse back to the military base. Using his father's key card, and uses the Trioxin gas to reanimate her. This leads to a story of Julie & Curt dealing with the effects of Julie being dead, not feeling pain, a need to feed, and what to do about her condition."] ['The American television news reporter Dean Miller  waits at an unnamed European airport for the arrival of a scientist that he is about to interview regarding a recent nuclear accident. An unmarked military plane makes an emergency landing. The plane doors open and dozens of zombies burst out and begin stabbing and shooting the military personnel outside. Miller tries to let the people know of this event, but General Murchison of Civil Defense  will not allow it. Miller tries to find his wife Anna who works at a hospital as the zombies begin to overrun the city. Miller and his wife escape to an abandoned amusement park that is also overrun with zombies. The two climb to the top of a roller coaster and are about to be rescued by a military helicopter. Miller then wakes up revealing the whole situation to be a dream. Miller also learns that today he is about to meet a scientist at the airport. When he arrives a military plane makes an emergency landing.'] ['A writer finds that a television has been delivered to his house without him ever ordering one. Accepting the television anyway, the writer discovers that the only program the television is capable of picking up is a seemingly endless, plotless, black and white zombie movie titled "Zombie Blood Nightmare".A short review at the House of Horrors.Com Despite unplugging the television set, it nonetheless reactivates and begins spawning the zombies from the movie, who attack and kill the writer. The next day, the delivery men arrive to claim the set, realizing that it was meant to go to the Institute for Paranormal Research; they find only the body of the writer, bound in his front hallway and dressed in party clothes. Three months later, teenagers Zoe and Jeff arrive at the house ahead of their parents, who are moving back to the United States after years abroad. Jeff quickly befriends dog walker April and accompanies her home, where the dog she is watching escapes into the woods behind their neighborhood. It stumbles upon the zombies that had initially escaped the set, and which have been living in the wilderness ever since. The zombies kill the dog, leaving it for Jeff and Zoe to find; the zombies then begin following the pair back to the neighborhood. That afternoon, a man named Joshua Daniels comes to their front door looking for the television set, claiming that he bought it at a yard sale and mailed it to the Paranormal Institute after it killed his wife. Jeff turns him away, but later that night discovers the television set, which has mysteriously migrated to the attic. A bizarre woman briefly appears on the set, beckoning to Jeff, before a man appears and kills her, revealing her to be a zombie. The man tells Jeff that he is "The Garbage Man," and that the only way to prevent more zombies from coming from the set is to tape a mirror to it. The next day the zombies arrive in the neighborhood, killing April\'s father, his maid, and their next-door neighbors before laying siege to Zoe and Jeff\'s house. Jeff, Zoe, and April hole themselves up along with Joshua, who has returned in another attempt to reclaim the television set. Joshua explains the psychology of the zombies: Realizing that they are in a liminal state between life and death, the zombies kill humans out of envy. They are repulsed by mirrors because it reminds them of their own hideousness, and attack when they sense fear. The zombies can be incapacitated by being severely wounded and buried, thus "convincing" them that they are dead; they can only be destroyed by trapping them in an enclosed space, which will cause the zombies to go into a psychotic state and cannibalize one another. Despite fortifying the house, a zombie manages to break in and kill April. Zoe and Jeff lock the zombie out of the house after it leaves carrying April\'s body and then wait out the rest of the night. The next morning, Joshua and Jeff head into the woods to hunt down the zombies. Laying traps around an abandoned children\'s clubhouse, Joshua sets up a sniper position inside and then hoists Jeff up on a swing to use as bait. The zombies converge on the clubhouse and Joshua picks them off one-by-one with a bow and arrow. One of the zombies escapes the massacre, and Jeff and Joshua head off in pursuit; Joshua is killed, and a fleeing Jeff catches his ankle in a bear trap Joshua set up for the zombies. The zombies, realizing that they are not really dead, animate and converge on Jeff, killing him. They then make their way back to kill Zoe. Remembering that the zombies only attack when they sense fear, Zoe opens her door to them and invites them in. The zombies enter a docile state and allow Zoe to serve them food before they set off exploring the house, noticing that the zombies are fascinated by pictures of dancing couples in a magazine, Zoe lures them to the basement with the promise of teaching them to dance and then locks them in. The zombies go berserk and eat one another; once they are dead, their remains are sucked back into the television, where "Zombie Blood Nightmare" finally comes to a conclusion with a "THE END" title card. Sometime later, Zoe\'s parents come to visit her in the insane asylum where she has been institutionalized, having entered a catatonic state. They reassure her that she will be well cared for, and further tell her that they\'ve brought her a surprise: "Her" TV from home. An orderly brings in the TV set and turns it on, causing "Zombie Blood Nightmare" to restart. A terrified Zoe watches as a zombie turns towards the screen and begins advancing on her, prompting a scream.'] ['The film starts with a pair of swimsuit models who are out in a boat to stage a publicity stunt by appearing to be stranded. They discover a mysterious galleon shrouded in mist and board it. When contact is lost, the wealthy and unscrupulous businessman who sent them out decided to mount is own rescue mission after abducting one of the models friends. Who makes an unsuccessful escape attempt while the businessman and his secretary recruit an eccentric scholar to assist them as they too head out to discover the boat. But this phantom galleon carries the coffins of the satanic Templar, eyeless mummies who hunt humans by sound. The two models are killed before the rescue even arrives and then the new party discovers their ship has vanished as well, stranding them on the eerie galleon. Then the friend is captured and dragged into the depths of the ship to be dismembered and eaten while the rest of the group is under a possibly magical slumber. Finally the survivors struggle to repel and combat the spectral knights with what knowledge they have of the undeads weaknesses.'] ['In the dark days of World War II, the Nazi High Command ordered its scientists to create a top secret race of indestructible zombie storm troopers - un-living, unfeeling, unstoppable monstrosities that killed with their bare hands. They were known as The Death Corps. No member of this horrific SS unit was ever captured by Allied Forces - and, somewhere off the coast of Florida they have survived...'] ['This movie takes place in a mall where two young men and other people work. They do not seem to get along very well due to a lack of customers. One night the two young men give an apparently dying businessman a soft drink, which is in actuality an experimental Iraqi biological weapon that turns him into a flesh-eating zombie. Returning to the mall, the man escapes and begins infecting the population, forcing a small group of misfits to band together in order to survive.'] ['James Farentino stars as Dan Gillis, sheriff of the small New England coastal town of Potter\'s Bluff where, in the film\'s opening scene, a mob of townspeople attempt to kill a visiting photographer; he is beaten, tied to a post then set on fire. The Photographer is later killed under the sheriff and doctor\'s noses at the local hospital. As the story progresses, more visitors are murdered by the townspeople. Sheriff Gillis, assisted by Dobbs, the local coroner-mortician , works hard to discover the motive for the killings. Gillis becomes increasingly disconcerted as a grisly death occurs every day with the killers photographing the victims as they are murdered. The film\'s creepiness is enhanced by the audience knowing the identity of the killers, nearly all of whom are friends of Gillis whose wife Janet  has suspicious reasons for her own frequent nocturnal disappearances.{{Clarify}} After Gillis accidentally hits someone with his squad car following a recent attack, the bizarre nature of the murders becomes even more evident. On the grill of his car, Gillis finds the twitching, severed arm of the accident victim, who suddenly attacks him before fleeing with the arm. After the attack, Gilis scrapes some flesh from the vehicle and takes it to the local doctor, who tells him that the body the flesh came from had died approximately four months before. As his suspicion of Dobbs grows, Gillis conducts a background check and discovers that he was formerly \'Dr. Dobbs\', a chief pathologist in Providence, Rhode Island until his dimissal 10 years previously for conducting unauthorized autopsies in the county morgue &ndash; just before he moved to Potter\'s Bluff. The film eventually reveals that Dobbs has developed a secret technique for reanimating the dead, and all of the townspeople are in reality reanimated corpses under his control. Dobbs considers himself an "artist" who uses his zombies to murder the living in order to create more corpses on which to practice his reanimation technique. At the conclusion, it turns out that the Sheriff is actually one of the living dead, having been murdered by his undead wife prior to the on-screen events under Dobb\'s orders. As the film ends, Gillis notices his own hands decomposing, whereupon Dobbs asks to examine them.'] ['In Vietnam, US soldier Andy Brooks is shot by a sniper and falls to the ground. As he begins to die, he hears his mother\'s voice calling out, "Andy, you\'ll come back, you\'ve got to, you promised." The voice becomes sinister and muffled as Andy\'s eyes close. Sometime later, his family receives notice of his death in combat. Back home, Andy\'s father, Charles, and sister, Cathy, begin to grieve, but his mother, Christine, becomes irate and refuses to believe that Andy has died. Hours later, in the middle of the night, Andy arrives at the front door in full uniform and apparently unharmed; the family accepts the notice of his death as a clerical error and welcomes him back with joy. Over the next few days, Andy displays strange and erratic behavior, dressing in an unusually concealing matter and spending his days sitting around the house listless and anemic. Meanwhile, local police investigate the murder of a local trucker, who was found with his throat slashed and his body drained of blood after telling diner patrons that he\'d picked up a hitchhiking soldier. Charles attempts to confront Christine about Andy\'s erratic behavior, which only leads to tension between the couple as Christine insists that Charles was too withholding and authoritarian a father and Charles telling Christine that she\'s made Andy too sensitive by smothering him. Andy continues to display unusual behavior, attacking a neighborhood boy who attempts to demonstrate his karate skills and then attacking the family dog when it tries to protect the child. At night, Andy becomes inexplicably lively and animated, wandering the town and spending time in the local cemetery. It ultimately becomes apparent that Andy has returned as some kind of vampire, and has been draining people\'s blood in order to reinvigorate himself, injecting it into his own decaying body with syringes. On a double date at the drive-in with his high school sweetheart Joanne along with his sister and best friend, Andy begins to die from a lack of blood and attacks first Joanne, then his friend. They are both killed during the attack. The other drive-in patrons witness the last attack and panic. This causes Andy to flee before he can infuse himself with his friend\'s blood. The police pursue Andy, the chase ultimately ending at the graveyard where Andy has been spending his free time. There they discover Andy, finally dead and reduced to a skeleton, lying in a shallow grave that he has been progressively digging for himself beneath a crudely fashioned tombstone. Christine, looking at her son\'s body, gravely tells the police "Some boys never come home."'] ["The film follows a group of American tourists on vacation in the Caribbean; as they take a tour of a local island at night, they become stranded when their bus driver disappears, the group of tourists take refuge in an old mansion, one by one falling victim to an unknown menace. Contrary to the film's title, there are no zombies in this film."] ['Injured in the arm, Colin arrives home to the house he shares with Damien only to find it empty. While cleaning his wound in the kitchen sink, he is attacked by Damien, now a zombie. He manages to "kill" Damien by stabbing him multiple times in the head with a kitchen knife, but soon afterwards becomes a zombie himself. Now one of the undead, Colin wanders the streets of London during the onset of a probable zombie apocalypse. He acquires the usual zombie cannibal taste for human flesh but avoids conflict. While being mugged for his trainers, he is seen by Linda, his sister. That evening zombies invade a house party and kill everyone within. Colin follows the sole survivor of the carnage  before she is trapped by a madman / serial killer in his basement with a group of blinded zombies. Linda and a friend finally capture Colin and take him to their mother\'s house, but Colin cannot recognise them. Linda has already been bitten by Colin when trying to save him from the muggers, and turns into a zombie, while she is reanimating she is locked in with Colin and her boyfriend and mother leave. Colin and Linda shamble away. The film also follows a cowering group of human survivors who finally go on the offensive. Led by Slingshot guy, the humans attack a large group of zombies with a makeshift grenade, which explodes near Colin, destroying most of his face. Three of the humans are bitten during the fight and are brutally killed by the rest of the group after one starts turning. Colin survives and finds his way to his friend Laura\'s home, where the film cuts to a flashback to when he was still human. Arriving at the house, he discovered that Laura had trapped a zombie in the bathroom. While attempting to kill the zombie, she was bitten and died in his arms, before reanimating and biting him. He then killed her before going home, which brings the viewer back to the film\'s beginning.Michael Brooke: "Review: Colin:" Sight and Sound: November 2009: 19:11: 52-53'] ['{{plot}} A small U.S. special-forces squad travels to Cambodia to follow up on the case of a small medical outpost that has ceased communications, and why the first group sent to the outpost didn\'t report back. The squad soon finds itself confronted by flesh-eating Zombies seemingly created by a strange species of Scorpion. The squad clears away the Zombies, but is then attacked by an infected researcher who attempts to commit suicide with a grenade. Second-in-command Lieutenant Bobby Quinn , initially survives and radios for a medivac airlift, but soon falls unconscious. Later, Quinn wakes up on an exam table at Ft. Preston Army Base, to find he\'s being prepped for postmortem. The Coroner, Dr, Flutie , explains that he arrived in a body-bag the previous evening and had been pronounced DOA, and that he has no vital signs and is thus clinically dead. Quinn begins to get dressed and asks after the fate of his squad, which Flutie reveals are all dead. Quinn is suddenly stricken by agonizing pain in his right arm, and grabs a scalpel to slice it open. Gushing greenish blood, the wound reveals one of the strange scorpions, which he promptly crushes. The incision rapidly heals without a trace of scarring. Quinn and Flutie soon relate their findings to Dr. Boyce, who is determined to keep Quinn quarantined. Quinn, however, is driven to find out what happened to himself and his squad, and resists her directives. She tries to have him sedated, but the sedative has no effect, and in the course of the attempt, Quinn reveals superhuman strength to go with his rapid-healing and altered metabolism, and she finally reveals that one of the other members of his squad, Sgt. Cruz, is also in the morgue scheduled for cremation, and the other bodies were being taken elsewhere. Quinn demands to see him, and she takes him to Dr. Langdon  to find his whereabouts when he turns up missing. With Quinn\'s heightened senses, the trio tracks Cruz to the base\'s kitchen, where he is attacking the cook, Judson . In the process, both Boyce and Langdon are infected, and Quinn and Judson have to destroy them. Right after, Quinn is stricken by intense pangs of hunger that can only be dulled by ingesting raw, red meat. The two of them are then taken into custody by Major Bascom , who refuses to believe Quinn\'s story . Quinn and Judson promptly escape, determined to track down the remaining squad-members before they can wreak havoc. They manage to find the truck used to transport the bodies, arrive too late, finding it wrecked and covered in blood. While following the trail, they stop at a small road-side bar, where they meet Holly, a smart U.C San Bernardino film-student who works as a bartender part-time as she studies for her degree. Unfortunately for Quinn and Judson, the local news has already aired a report about the "killings" at Fort Preston, and the Bar-patrons lock them inside the cooler. When a group of infected soldiers attacks the bar, Holly retreats to the cooler, and the trio manages to eliminate the zombified soldiers and patrons before they can get out. Having been called by the patrons, the police arrive to arrest Quinn and Judson. Quinn manages to break free of his handcuffs, and Holly nabs the police cruiser and the trio escapes yet again. On the trail of the final body, Bill Sanderson, the trio change their clothes and general appearance in order to better disguise themselves , and head to L.A to intercept Sanderson if they can. However, a visit to Sanderson\'s home turns up nothing, and Quinn is stricken by another wave of hunger and has to raid the fridge to ease it. As he eats, a woman walks in and they mistake her for one of the family members. She reveals that she\'s Mrs. Wisteria from next door, and that she has been watching the house for the Sandersons who are on vacation, and that the wake isn\'t until the following day. They try to satisfy her by saying they need the info for a "secret government mission" but she insists upon helping, threatening to call the cops otherwise. The trio grudgingly agrees, and Mrs. Wisteria drives them to the Everview Funeral home where Sanderson was taken, and flirts openly with Judson to his dismay. When they arrive, the Director  tells them that Sanderson\'s body had already been claimed the previous evening. Frustrated, the group makes to leave, but they are intercepted when a van pulls up and the occupants stop them at gunpoint. Their captors are soon revealed to be mercenaries under the hire of a Dr. Scott , and his partner Dr. Adams . who have Sanderson chained up in their hidden lab. Scott states that the Cambodians call the scorpion-like creature a "Jindu", and that its sting revives dead tissue. It had been a legend until some relief workers stumbled upon the species some years back. It was Scott who sent the mercenaries that killed the workers at the relief-station, and who had themselves ended up dead. He goes on to say that the sting of the creature represents everlasting life if properly utilized, and that it would be of great benefit to the people of the world "for the right price". When Quinn counters that the infection must be stopped before it can spread, Scott angrily confesses that he\'s dying of cancer and thus seeks the secret for his own benefit first. He demands a sample of Quinn\'s blood, and when Quinn refuses, he brings in Mrs. Wisteria and threatens to feed her to Sanderson. Quinn relents, but Scott gives Wisteria to Sanderson anyway, and they watch as she is bitten, dies, and transforms into one of the infected Zombies, and Scott confirms that the second-generation zombies are always mindless killers: only those stung by the Jindu have the potential to retain their personalities, so long as the creature doesn\'t travel straight to their heart. The female merc destroys Wisteria with a shot to the head. Despite being weakened by hunger, a furious Quinn destroys Sanderson as well, before being knocked out cold. When Sanderson awakens, Scott and Adams are preparing to leave for Fort Preston. They take him back to the holding cell, and chain him to Holly while taking Judson with them as a hostage and as a guide. Holly manages to evade the ravenous Quinn until he leaps at her and misses, shattering the two-way mirror that leads into Adam\'s lab. Inside, he stumbles over the mini-fridge where they kept the raw meat for Sanderson, and he quickly devours it, and comes back to his senses. Scott and his group reach Fort Preston, which is now overrun with zombies, thanks to the body of one of the mercs that had been brought back from Cambodia. Scott is on the hunt for that particular zombie, since he will be the only one with the Jindu inside. The group proceeds within, destroying attacking zombies as they go, but don\'t realize that Quinn and Holly are hot on their trail. Scott has Judson open the security door where one of the officers had managed to trap most of the infected, and then Scott takes Judson\'s keycard and leaves him trapped outside the security doors, where a horde of zombies descend upon him. Inside, the group eventually finds the morgue containing the original zombie, and shut themselves inside with a mass of undead hammering away from outside. Dr. Scott manages to restrain the zombie, and cuts into his chest cavity. Quinn and Holly reach the security doors, which Quinn breaks down with a flying kick. As Scott extracts the Jindu, the zombies begin to break inside, wounding the female merc who accidentally shoots Dr. Adams, before being shot by her partner. The Zombies stream in, attacking the remaining merc. Scott drops the Jindu as Quinn and Holly burst inside. Quinn crushes the Jindu and begins to destroy the Zombies within, while Dr. Scott is attacked and literally "disarmed" by a pair of zombie soldiers before Quinn and Holly can shoot them down. Quinn approaches the bleeding Dr. Adams and asks after Judson, and she claims he was killed. As the pair leave the room, Holly shoots Adams before she can turn into one of the infected. Leaving, they then find Judson\'s crucifix necklace and fear he has been killed, but spy a trash chute and open it to reveal Judson cowering inside. Happy to see him alive, they help him out, and make plans to finish off the infected for good. Quinn takes some C4 from the base\'s armory, and wires it up to explode beneath the ammo-dump so it\'ll take out the entire base. As he moves to find a vehicle for the group to escape with, he has Judson and Holly bait the zombies as close to the ammo-dump as possible. Quinn struggles to find a vehicle that isn\'t damaged, as Judson and Holly narrowly escape a group of hungry undead they have drawn towards the ammo-dump, and activate the 2-minute timer. Barely escaping, the base goes up in flames, and afterward, the trio scour the wreckage to make sure all the zombies are truly out of commission. With the undead finished, Quinn, Holly, and Judson walk away to plan their futures, with Holly saying "this could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship."'] ["The film is set in New Orleans, Louisiana. A young woman's cousin has recently been married and being the sole surviving male, sets to claim the family's plantation. Unwilling to give up what she believes to be hers, she uses voodoo to resurrect her dead brother  to kill her enemies."] ["Renee, a former junkie still working out psychological issues, moves to the Mexico border with her doctor fiancee, Jeffrey. They befriend Michael, a local caretaker for the windmills in the area. During dinner at Renee's house, the place comes under siege by ancient Mayan zombies who Michael had killed in the past. The dead orphan connects to Renee who feels the need to solve why the ancient Mayan Zombies were killed and how to rest their souls."] ['Ace, a wannabe rock star, is on his way to a concert of the band Guitar Wolf when space aliens invade the Earth. As a result the dead rise to their feet in the countryside setting of Asahi, Japan, with an appetite for flesh. Enlisting the help of his rock \'n roll blood brother Guitar Wolf, Ace and the members of the band get entangled in many misadventures with crazy rock managers in very tight shorts, transsexuals, naked women shooting guns in the shower, and bloodthirsty zombies ready to tear them apart. Leather jackets, loud over-modulated music, laser guitar picks, motorcycles, guns, muscle cars, and fire abound. Guitar Wolf, a Japanese trio signed to Matador Records in the US—and self-proclaimed coolest rock band in the world—star as the well-coiffed heroes. It is also a love story, between Ace and Tobio, a trans woman. The music, in a garage punk vein, plays an important role in the film. It features music from Greg Cartwright of Reigning Sound and The Oblivians. His 1997 song "Twice as Deep" by Greg Oblivian & the Tip Tops is featured. This film is similar to another movie by a Spanish punk group, La matanza caníbal de los garrulos lisérgicos produced by Siniestro Total'] ['On the Franco-Austrian Frontier during World War I, an Oriental priest, chaplain of a French colonial regiment, is condemned to life imprisonment because he possesses the power to turn men into zombies. In his prison cell, the priest prepares to burn a parchment containing the location of the secret formula. Colonel Mazovia  kills the priest and takes the partially burned parchment. After the war, an expedition of representatives from the Allied countries with colonial interests are sent to Cambodia to find and destroy forever the so-called "Secret of the Zombies". The group includes Colonel Mazovia; a student of dead languages, Armand Louque ; Englishman Clifford Grayson ; General Duval ; and his daughter Claire . Armand falls in love with Claire, who accepts his proposal of marriage to spite Clifford, whom she really loves. Later, when Claire runs to Cliff for comfort following an accident, Armand breaks the engagement, leaving her free to marry Cliff. Further accidents caused by Mazovia result in the natives refusing to work, forcing the expedition to return to Phnom Penh. Armand finds a clue which he had overlooked before and returns to Angkor against orders. After viewing an ancient ceremony at a temple, Armand follows one of the servants of a high priest out of the temple, through a swamp, to a mysterious bronze doorway. When the servant leaves, Armand goes through the door to a room paneled in bronze, with an idol holding a gong. He accidentally strikes the gong, and a panel in the wall opens, revealing a small metal tablet. He translates the inscription and realizes that it is the secret for which they have all been looking. He alone now has the power to make zombies out of people, and begins with a practice run on his servant before using his zombie powers in an attempt to coerce the fickle Claire in the movie\'s climax.'] ['The film starts out with Charles Garrison  traveling to Chernobyl to purchase the canisters of Trioxin, the substance that reanimates the dead into zombies. Charles works for a company called Hybra Tech, who is experimenting with the Trioxin. A lab accident causes the release of Trioxin gas, and a zombie outbreak occurs.'] ['A group of scientists are working on a serum called Death One, which reanimates the dead. When Dr. Holder  and his assistant Norma experiment on a human corpse, the corpse becomes a zombie, prompting Dr. Holder to resign from the project. As he prepares to surrender the serum to waiting military officers, a pair of criminals ambushes the center; though one is killed, the other manages to abscond with Death One. During a chase, the container with the serum is shot out of his hand and breaks; as he tries to pick it back up, he accidentally touches the serum. He flees to the Sweet River Resort and settles in Room 4. General Morton  promises Dr. Holder that he and his men will capture the criminal, but by the time they find him, he has cut off his own hand in a failed attempt to stop the infection, infected a bellhop, killed a maid, and succumbed to the disease. General Morton orders the patrons and staff killed and buried in a mass grave; the criminal\'s remains are delivered to him and his right-hand men  and burned. As Dr. Holder and Norma soon predict, the ashes quickly infect the air, killing an entire flock of birds passing by. Meanwhile, a trio of GIs on vacation are on the lookout for some girls to make out with during their holiday; they find several on a nearby bus. Among the bus\'s passengers are Nancy , Carol , Lia , Susanna, Jane, Jane\'s boyfriend Tom, and the bus driver, Joe. Not too far away, Patricia  and her boyfriend Glenn discover the dead birds and are promptly jumped as the birds reanimate, with Glenn being bitten repeatedly. The birds then assault the bus, and the GIs extricate everyone from the bus quickly, but not before Susanna gets bitten. Patricia and Glenn stop at a nearby garage but are forced to flee when a zombie wielding a machete attacks Patricia and the garage goes up in smoke. The GIs and the bus party make a stop at Sweet River Resort, with Bo  and Carol going off to look for some help. When their car breaks down, Carol goes looking for some water but is attacked and mauled by the zombies. Bo tries and fails to save her and is forced to flee when more zombies emerge from the lake. He eventually joins up with Patricia and Glenn. On the way to Santa Monica Hospital, Glenn dies and reanimates as a zombie on the bridge. During the resulting confrontation with the living dead, Bo is killed, but Patricia escapes with her life. Meanwhile, Dr. Holder and his team start work on an antidote to counter the effects of Death One as General Morton\'s men start to eradicate the zombies. Back at the hotel, Jane and Tom go to the kitchen to look for some food but are ambushed and killed by a zombie head that had been resting in the freezer. Susanna reanimates and almost kills Nancy before being thrown off the balcony and killed. Kenny  and Roger  encounter Patricia as she arrives to try to break the news about Bo\'s demise, but the living dead starts swarming the hotel. Kenny, Roger, Patricia, Nancy, and Joe kill as many zombies as they can before fleeing. After crossing the river, they\'re met by some of General Morton\'s men, who kill Joe. The other four escape as the final stage of General Morton\'s zombie eradication begins and Dr. Holder expresses his worries that the infection of the atmosphere may not be restricted to the island. Arriving at a nearby hospital, the four encounter a pregnant woman in labor, who Nancy tries to help deliver her newborn. Patricia engages in a final deathmatch against Glenn and beheads him, and Kenny and Roger have another run-in with General Morton\'s cleanup crew. Nancy is killed by the newborn, who turns out to be a zombie, and Kenny, Roger, and Patricia escape to find more zombies waiting for the kill. They make it to a helicopter, but only Kenny and Patricia make it, as Roger is attacked by the zombies while trying to join them and is subsequently killed by the cleanup crew. To Patricia\'s horror, the zombies have taken over; Blue Heart, the DJ who provided commentary for much of the film, even dedicates his next record to "all the undead around the world", having been infected himself. Upon hearing the broadcast, Kenny assures Patricia that they\'ll go back to the island to save what\'s left of humanity from the zombies.'] ["A college professor, Dr. Douglas Newton , develops an experimental drug named Tryptophan  that has the unfortunate side effect of turning his students into blood thirsty zombie-like creatures leading them to eventually explode. It's up to a couple of grad students Jenny Wayne  and Joe Larsen , along with the local newspaper reporter Ray Elsworth  to uncover Dr. Newton's dark secret and thwart his diabolical plans before time runs out."] ["A group of friends become lost on the open ocean and somehow end up on an island, lorded over by Karl  and Karl Sr. . The group are hunted down by Karl's metal-masked mercenaries, but two vengeful ninja brothers step in to help. The groups gather what weapons they can find and face off against the tyrant, his father, and their infantry of doom. The film opens with three men, Ron, Mark, and Peter abandoning their boat in the middle of the ocean and happening upon an uncharted island. After being captured by a gang of masked men, the three awaken to find themselves tied to crucifixes in the middle of a large militia camp. The trio are then introduced to the leader of the militia, Karl Berger, Jr. . Karl and his aging father Karl Sr. oversee a series of gruesome executions before threatening the three trespassers' lives. After spitting in Karl's face, Peter is stripped of his shirt and stakes are driven through his ribcage. The two remaining friends as well as a traitor named Leon are turned loose in the forest to be hunted down by Karl's army of trained killers. After Ron and Mark learn of the Meister's horrific experiments, the three begin the search for weapons. Meanwhile, Karl's hired surgeon Dr. Senius is working on a breed of hideously deformed super soldiers that are going to replace the fallen ones in battle. After being disgusted with Senius's overall progress, Karl threatens Senius with death if he doesn't have the first batch ready within 24 hours. The next day, Leon tells the men of an armory located nearby. Using handmade spears, the three kill two guards and severely injure one before taking off with their weapons. The surviving guard is punished for his disobedience by Karl when his spinal cord is torn from his anus with a large meat hook. Senius's first batch of super soldiers are turned loose in the woods. After a run-in with the super soldiers. Ron and Mark part with Leon who acquires the help of two comrades named Son and Giang. After quickly dispatching the soldiers, the three look for Ron and Mark. Ron and Mark meet their ends at a small pond when they are ambushed by a group of infantrymen. After their corpses arrive back at the base in poor condition  Senius orders that the soldiers responsible be punished right away. Karl lines them up and shoots them in the head one by one with a sawed-off double barrel shotgun. When the third soldier runs from his execution, Karl to shoots him in the kneecap. Karl then drowns him in a nearby puddle while Senius listens and licks his lips. Then Karl deploys a heavily trained gang of assassins called the Black Demons to hunt down the remaining traitors and kill them. After briefly confronting the ninjas and killing them, Son, Giang and Leon plan a full-scale attack on the camp at sundown. After reaching the main gates disguised as Black Demons with a prisoner, the two guards on patrol demand to know why Leon's still alive. Son and Giang then kill them both and advance on the camp. After slitting a soldier's throat, Leon steals his RPG and oversees the fight from on top of a hill and assists the two others in killing off the soldiers. After running low on ammo, Leon joins Son and Giang on the ground below. Leon confronts a soldier wielding a machete and is impaled. With what energy he has left, Leon takes his killer's revolver and shoots him. Leon drops dead. Son hides outside of Senius's tent and slices off his nose with a sword. Senius stumbles back into his tent where an unfinished super soldier asphyxiates him in his open torso and subsequently tears off his head. Senius is finished when his headless body runs outside headless and Giang performs a coup de grâce with an Uzi. Both Son and Giang find Leon's body and, in an act of vengeance, hunt down Karl Sr. and Karl. When they are found trying to escape the disaster, the two Karls are confronted by Son and Giang, who kill their remaining troops. Son and Giang then engage in hand-to-hand combat with Karl Sr. and his son. After Son gets the best of him, Karl Sr. calls upon his bodyguard, a hockey-masked commando with a mechanical arm. After a short scuffle, Son detaches the bodyguard's artificial arm and impales him with it. Giang and Karl continue to fight until Giang back flips over him, rams his fist through Karl's body from behind and places a hand grenade in his mouth. Karl's head explodes and he drops a rocket launcher. With the rocket launcher, Giang tells Son to get out of the way. After Son dives for cover, Giang proceeds to shoot Karl Sr. with the rocket launcher, immolating him. The two exchange a high five before the credits roll."] ['Loosely inspired by Charles Manson\'s "family", The film opens on a bizarre Satanic ritual being conducted by a long-haired hippie type named Horace Bones. Nude and freaked out on LSD, Horace and his small group of cohorts are oblivious to the fact that they\'re being watched by Sylvia, a young girl observing them from the trees. One of the hippies is pregnant and is not taking part in the ritual; she sees Sylvia and drags her into the clearing, where Horace freaks out over the fact that their ritual has been observed. A more recent member of the group, Andy, admits that he met Sylvia in town and invited her along, prompting Horace to violently hit him. Sylvia becomes frightened and runs away, but two other members of the group chase after her and catch her in the woods, where they brutalize her. The next morning, Sylvia emerges from the woods beaten and apparently raped. She is found by Mildred, the woman who runs the small town\'s bakery. With Mildred is Pete, Sylvia\'s younger brother who appears to be about 12 or 13. Together, they take Sylvia back home to where she lives with Pete and their grandfather, Banner. Mildred is sure her boyfriend will know who victimized Sylvia--with the town deserted, the only other people in the area are the construction crew working on a dam near the town. Mildred drives to the dam and informs her boyfriend, who works at the site. He tells her he will look into it. Meanwhile, Horace and his group have discovered that their van is now broken down and useless. They abandon it in the woods and walk to the town on foot. The first thing they see is the bakery, and Mildred sells them meat pies, throwing in a few extra things as a kindness for them. Horace tells them that he and his friends are rock musicians stranded there, and he asks where they can seek shelter. Mildred explains that Valley Hills only has a few residents, most of them long gone. Only she and a few others remain, awaiting the demolition of the town in the near future. Upon hearing this, Horace and the others move into one of the abandoned houses, smashing things and hunting the many rats inside of it for food. Pete follows them to the house and witnesses their bizarre behavior. When he returns home, Sylvia has come out of her shock and informed Banner about what happened to her. Pete overhears and reveals that he knows where the hippies are staying. Banner takes a shotgun and sets out for revenge. When Banner encounters the hippies at the house, they disarm him and brutalize him, forcing LSD into his mouth. Pete, who has followed Banner, overhears the incident from outside. Horace apparently wants to kill Banner, as well as Pete, but a female member named Sue-Lin convinces Horace to let them go, fearing intervention by the police. Banner is tripping when he gets home, and Pete is distressed. Sylvia explains that the hippies dosed him with LSD, and Pete becomes angry. Taking the shotgun, he goes outside the house, but the first thing he encounters is a wild dog that is apparently rabid. Pete kills it and returns later with some of his father\'s equipment. Using a syringe, he takes infected blood from the dog. The next day, he injects the rabid blood into the meat pies in Mildred\'s bakery, as a means of getting back at the hippies. Just as Pete planned, the hippies return to the bakery and purchase the meat pies. Back at their house, Horace and the others eat the meat pies. Andy is the only one who does not partake--he is uneasy about the violence he has witnessed and he wants to disassociate himself from the group, leaving the house. The others begin to show signs of being sick, and eventually they lapse into animalistic behavior. Rollo, a member of the group, takes a dagger and stabs another group member named Roger to death with it. In a feral rage, he rushes out into the yard and finds an axe, returning to chop off Roger\'s leg with it. Horace also turns violent, grabbing a sword and threatening other members of the group with it. A female hippie named Molly becomes terrified and rushes off into the night. Construction workers sent there by Mildred\'s boyfriend find Molly and take her with them. Molly uses her sex appeal to insinuate herself into their group, and she spends the rest of the night having sex with all of them. Finally, Molly begins to freak out, biting one of the men. Two other construction workers are killed when they venture into the house of the hippies and encounter a now-crazed Horace, who hangs one of them and guts the other. Banner discovers what is going on when Horace attacks Mildred\'s car and leaves bloody handprints behind. Andy returns to the Banner house and hides out in their barn; after making peace with Sylvia, they are discovered in the barn by Andy, who admits what he\'s done. Andy explains that he didn\'t eat the pies, so he is not infected. Banner has informed others about the potential rabies epidemic, and the next day they are joined by Dr. Oakes. Banner, Oakes, and Mildred\'s boyfriend all discover that the entire construction crew are now rabid maniacs; the entire town is engulfed by them and the hippies, all of them homicidally crazy and prone to mindless acts of violence. Even two seemingly gentle hippie girls, one of them pregnant, happen upon a woman\'s home. When she takes them in, they wind up cutting off her hand with an electric carving knife. Oakes and the others discover that water terrifies the rabids, and they are nearly killed by a large group of them before they reach a water-filled quarry, which frightens them off. Andy helps Sylvia and Pete escape after they discover Banner dead in the barn, impaled by a pitchfork. While running through the woods, they happen upon the pregnant hippie, who impales herself on a wooden stake after she learns she has rabies. When they emerge from the woods, they discover Rollo and Horace lurking near the bakery; fortunately they become interested in each other, allowing the normals to escape. Rollo and Horace clash, each of them armed, until Rollo impales Horace with a sword. Andy, Sylvia and Pete discover Mildred barricaded inside the bakery, but she is too afraid to let them inside. When she finally manages to undo the barricade, Andy has been beheaded by a machete-wielding madman. Sylvia and Pete retreat with her to the basement of the bakery, but unfortunately they cannot lock the basement door. A rabid gets inside, and Mildred shoots him in the head. They rush out of the bakery and try to drive away in Mildred\'s car, but it won\'t start; the crowd of brawling rabids converge on them and overturn the car. Just then, Oakes arrives with a slew of policemen and medics, and soon all of the rabids have been shot dead. Mildred, Sylvia, and Pete all emerge from the car, shaken but otherwise unharmed..Motion Picture Purgatory: I drink your Blood'] ['Betsy Connell , a Canadian nurse, relates in a voiceover how she once "walked with a zombie." Betsy is hired to care for the wife of Paul Holland , a sugar plantation owner on the Caribbean island of Saint Sebastian. Saint Sebastian is inhabited by a small white community and descendants of African slaves. Betsy is told the story of how the Hollands brought slaves to the island, and that the statue of "Ti-Misery"  in the courtyard is the figurehead from a slave ship. That night at dinner, Betsy meets Paul\'s half-brother and employee, Wesley Rand ([[James Ellison . While getting ready for bed, Betsy hears crying. When she investigates, a woman in a white robe walks towards her, her eyes staring. Betsy screams, waking the rest of the household. Paul takes charge of Jessica Holland, the woman Betsy is to care for. The next morning, Dr. Maxwell tells Betsy that Jessica\'s spinal cord was irreparably damaged, leaving her totally without the willpower to do anything for herself. On her day off, Betsy encounters Wesley in town. While he drinks himself into a stupor, a calypso singer ([[Sir Lancelot  sings about how Jessica was going to run away with Wesley, but Paul would not let them go. Then she was struck down by the fever. Betsy meets Mrs. Rand , Paul and Wesley\'s doctor mother. That night, at dinner, Paul tries to persuade Wesley to reduce his drinking , but he accuses Paul of trying to impress Betsy and of driving Jessica insane in the first place. Later, Betsy is drawn to the sound of Paul playing the piano. He apologizes for bringing her to the island and admits that he may have been the cause of his wife\'s condition. Betsy has been falling in love with her moody employer. She determines to make him happy by curing Jessica. Betsy gets Paul to agree to try a potentially fatal treatment of insulin shock on Jessica, but it has no effect. Housemaid Alma  then tells her that a Voodoo priest cured a woman of a similar condition. Betsy takes her patient without permission through cane fields past a crossroads guarded by the towering figure of the eerie Carre-Four  to the houmfort . There, they watch a man  wield a saber during a ritual. People are given advice through a shack door by a Voodoo priest. Betsy is summoned inside, where she is shocked to find that the priest is none other than Mrs. Rand. Mrs. Rand explains that she uses Voodoo to convince the natives to accept conventional medical practices and tells Betsy that Jessica can never be cured. Outside, the locals stab Jessica in the arm with the sword as a test. When she does not bleed, they are convinced she is a zombie. Betsy takes her back to the house, but the natives demand that Jessica be returned to them for "ritual tests". Later, Carre-Four approaches the residence, but Mrs. Rand orders him to leave. Paul suggests that Betsy return to Canada, as he is fearful of demeaning and abusing her as he did Jessica. She is convinced that he is not really like that. The next day, Doctor Maxwell reports that the unrest has sparked an official inquiry into Jessica\'s illness. Mrs. Rand shocks everyone by claiming that Jessica is a zombie. Although she had never taken Voodoo seriously, Mrs Rand reveals that when she discovered that Jessica was planning to run away with Wesley and break up her family, she felt herself possessed by a Voodoo god. She then put a curse on Jessica. Paul, Maxwell and Betsy dismiss her story, but Wesley becomes obsessed with freeing Jessica from her zombie state. He asks Betsy if she would consider euthanasia, but she refuses.  Using an effigy of Jessica, the Sabreur takes control of her and draws her to him. Paul and Betsy stop her the first time, but they are not around when he tries again. Wesley opens the gate, letting Jessica out. Then he pulls an arrow out of the statue of Ti-Misery and follows. As the Sabreur stabs the doll with a pin, Wesley thrusts the arrow into Jessica. He then carries her body into the sea, pursued slowly by Carre-Four. Later, the natives discover the bodies of Jessica and Wesley floating in the surf. Paul comforts Betsy.'] ['At Zurich University Institute of Medicine in Switzerland, Herbert West brings his dead professor, Dr. Hans Gruber , back to life. There are horrific side-effects, however; as West explains, the dosage was too large. When accused of killing Gruber, West counters: "I gave him life!" West arrives at Miskatonic University in New England in order to further his studies. He rents a room from medical student Dan Cain  and converts the building\'s basement into his own personal laboratory. There is an instant animosity between West and faculty member Dr. Carl Hill ([[David Gale . West declares that Hill stole the theory of brain death from Dr. Gruber, West\'s mentor. Dan discovers that West has re-animated his dead cat, Rufus, with a glowing reagent. West recruits Dan as his partner in research to defeat death. Dan\'s fiancee Megan  dislikes West, especially after discovering Rufus re-animated in a state of dismemberment. Hill manages to turn Dr. Halsey, the school\'s dean and Megan\'s father, against both West and Dan. Barred from the school, the two sneak into the morgue to test the reagent on a human subject in an attempt to salvage their medical careers. The revived corpse goes on a rampage, attacking them. Halsey stumbles upon the scene and, despite attempts by both West and Dan to save him, is killed by the corpse. Armed with a bone saw, West dispatches the reanimated cadaver. Unfazed by the violence and excited at the prospect of working with a freshly dead specimen, West injects Halsey with the reagent. Halsey returns to life, but in a zombie-like state. Hill discovers West\'s work and gains guardianship over Halsey, whom he puts in a padded cell adjacent to his office. Dan and Megan break into Hill\'s office where they find evidence that Hill is obsessed with Megan and has lobotomized her father. Hill has gone to confront West in his basement lab and threatens to blackmail him to continue his research so that Hill can take credit for West\'s reagent. While Hill is distracted, West decapitates Hill with a shovel. Overcome with curiosity, West re-animates both Hill\'s head and body. While West is questioning Hill\'s head and taking notes, Hill\'s body knocks him unconscious. The body carries the head and steals West\'s reagent, returning to Hill\'s office. Exercising mind control over Halsey, Hill sends him out to kidnap Megan from Dan. West and Dan track Halsey to the morgue, where they find Hill\'s body holding his head in a compromising position over a restrained Megan. West distracts Hill while Dan frees Megan. Hill reveals that he has re-animated and lobotomized several corpses from the morgue to do his bidding. However, Megan manages to get through to her father, who fights off the other corpses long enough for Dan and Megan to escape. In the ensuing chaos, Halsey is torn to pieces by the corpses after he destroys Hill\'s head and West injects Hill\'s body with what he believes is a lethal overdose of the reagent which began to destroy Hill\'s body. Hill\'s body mutates horribly and attacks West, who screams out to Dan to save his work as he continues fighting. Dan retrieves the satchel containing West\'s reagent. As Dan and Megan run from the morgue, one of the re-animated corpses attacks and kills Megan. Dan takes her to the hospital emergency room and tries in vain to revive her. In despair, he injects her with reagent. Just after the scene fades to black, Megan screams, implying that her re-animation has backfired.'] ["The film starts in medieval times, when a young couple is attacked by Templar knights. The man is instantly killed, the woman is carried away to the Templar's castle where she is sacrificed. The story then continues in the 20th century. A doctor and his wife are moving into a very primitive coast town, where they are met with distrust and hatred from the locals. It doesn't take long before the doctor and his wife find out that the town harbors an ancient evil: Every seven years undead Templars will ride from the sea for seven consecutive nights to demand the sacrifice of a young maiden. The doctor and his wife then try to save one of the maidens, Lucy, from her horrible fate, aided by the local village idiot."] ['While boating , a quartet of teens, Reg , Skip ([[Paul Pepper , Julie , and Pam , accidentally discover an island run by a mad scientist named Doctor Myra who, backed by foreign agents from "the East", intends to turn everyone in the United States into a zombie. The teenagers become trapped on the island, and are temporarily imprisoned in cages. They are freed when other teenagers arrive with the sheriff . A complicated fight scene serves as the climax, in which a de-zombified gorilla arrives just in time to attack Dr. Myra\'s henchmen and allow the teens to escape. When they are safely back on the mainland, it is implied that the teens will receive a reward for discovering the island, and will have an audience with the President of the United States.'] ['-->  *Miguel Ángel Aijón - Aijón *Miguel Ángel Aparicio - Caspas *Mayte Navales - Carla *Nacho Rubio - El Duende *Salomé Jiménez - La Puños *Santiago Segura - Padre Pelayo/Entrecot/Himself *Raúl Sanz - Johhny Maldad *Natalia Moreno - Luchi *Marianico el Corto - Padre de Aijón'] ['Grieving over the death of her parents, Rebecca  escapes to her family cottage at Rushford Lake to seek solace in being by herself. But instead, she encounters a series of supernatural events that test her sanity and endanger the lives of everyone in the small town when ghosts from several drowning victims begin to rise from the depths of the murky lake to seek new victims.'] ['The movie opens with Mystery Inc. being pursued by a green troll. After an accident with Scooby, he is caught and revealed to be a counterfeiter. This is actually a re-enactment of the now-dissolved Mystery Inc.\'s adventures on a television program by Daphne and Fred, who are running a successful TV series . Velma has gone on and become the propietor of a mystery bookstore, and Scooby and Shaggy bounce from job to job, including working in customs at an airport, from which they are fired after eating all the confiscated imported foods. Since their mysteries have all involved mere crooks in monster costumes, Fred decides that Daphne\'s show should be about tracking down real ghosts, so he gets the gang back together for a trip to Louisiana. After encountering a lot of fake monsters, like a nerdy guy in a lobster-man suit haunting a fish factory, an old man disguised as a gargoyle, a holographic ghost and a zombie policeman that turns out to be a woman, the gang finally arrives in New Orleans. There they are invited by a young woman named Lena to visit Moonscar Island, the home of her employer, which is allegedly haunted by the ghost of the pirate Morgan Moonscar. Although the gang is skeptical , they decide to go with Lena, on whom Fred has taken a fancy. On the way, Velma informs the gang that Moonscar Island has had many unexplained disappearances over the years. On the island, the gang meets Lena\'s employer, Simone Lenoir, a beautiful French-American; Jacques, the island\'s ferryman; and Beau, Simone\'s gardener, to whom Daphne takes a fancy . They also meet Snakebite Scruggs, a grungy fisherman, and his hunting pig, Mojo. The first act is like a standard Scooby-Doo cartoon, with the gang investigating and working to prove that the "ghost" is fake. Scooby and Shaggy are chased by Mojo and end up falling into a big hole. While trying to climb out, they pull down some of the wall, revealing a skeletal arm. A mysterious green fog envelopes the skeleton, causing it to transform into the grisly zombie of Morgan Moonscar himself. While running away, Scooby and Shaggy run into a suspicious Beau and bring everyone back to the hole, which is now, however, empty. Simone invites the gang to her house to stay for the night. As the gang is dressing up for dinner, Shaggy sees the ghost of a Confederate colonel in the mirror; Simone explains that the island was a temporary headquarters for a Confederate regiment during the American Civil War. Later that night, Scooby and Shaggy eat in the Mystery Machine, so Scooby wouldn\'t chase Simone\'s cats. However, they burn their mouths on the spicy food, and both of them rush to the lake for water. The green fog reappears and sinks into the nearby ground, causing an army of zombies to emerge from the lake. Due to Shaggy\'s bad driving, the Mystery Machine gets stuck in a muddy bank, forcing him and Scooby to flee on foot. Fred, Daphne and Velma go to look for them, but bump into Beau, so they split up. Fred and Daphne argue about each other\'s supposed love interest. They come across Scooby and Shaggy trying to escape, and they also capture a zombie. Fred thinks the zombie is another fake, but it turns out to be all too real, and when the other zombies begin to swarm them, Scooby, Shaggy, Fred and Daphne separate in panic. Fred trips on a stone, and his camera  sinks into quicksand. Fred and Daphne reunite with Velma and Beau . Scooby and Shaggy discover wax dolls that look like Fred, Velma and Daphne, and they play with them, causing his friends to undertake a series of involuntary actions for a short time. Fred, Daphne, Velma and Beau return to Simone\'s house and discover a secret passage under the staircase. They find Lena in the passage, who tells them that the zombies kidnapped Simone and dragged her away. Daphne, Fred, Velma, Lena and Beau proceed down the passage and find a secret chamber for voodoo rituals, where Velma finds footprints of Simone\'s heels  and interrogates Lena about the story. Indeed, Simone appears, and she and Lena use voodoo dolls to trap the gang in the chamber. They show themselves to be evil werecats, and Simone reveals that in 1798, she and Lena were part of a group of settlers who made the island their home. One night, during the harvest moon, while the settlers were celebrating their successful harvest, Morgan Moonscar and his pirates chased the settlers, except for Lena and Simone, into the bayou where they were eaten by alligators. A vengeful Lena and Simone begged their cat god to curse the pirates. Their wish was granted, and they killed the pirates, but the curse caused them to become werecats permanently, requiring that they drain life forces to preserve their immortality. Over the years Lena lured more people to the island, and they also gave Jacques immortality so they had a ferryman to bring them more victims. The zombies - including Morgan Moonscar - were the victims they have murdered over the centuries, who reanimate every harvest moon to warn away visitors. Scooby and Shaggy accidentally tumble into the cave, interrupting the draining ceremony and disctracting the werecats. Velma is quickly able to untie herself and create voodoo dolls of Lena and Simone to interrupt their power. When they are finally cornered, the werecats\' curse expires, causing their bodies to age hundreds of years and disintegrate, freeing the zombies\' souls to rest in peace. Afterward Beau is revealed to be an undercover police officer sent to investigate the disappearances on the island ; Fred and Daphne become a couple again, and Daphne offers Beau a chance to guest-star on her show and discuss the adventure.'] ['In a small suburban town, a group of college students visit a mysterious wax museum, where they encounter several morbid displays, all of which contain stock characters from the horror genre. Two of the students Tony and China enter two separate waxwork displays. Tony is in a cabin where a werewolf attacks him. A hunter and his son come, suppressing their fear. The son fails and is torn in two, while the hunter shoots Tony as he begins the transform. China is sent to a Gothic castle, where vampires attack her and Count Dracula turns her into a vampire. Two of the other students, Mark and Sarah, leave the waxwork unscathed, but are chagrined by the disappearance of their friends. The disappearances continue, and extend to a pair investigating police detectives, one who is trapped in an exhibit of The Mummy, the other is murdered by one of the butlers. Mark takes Sarah to the attic of his house, where he shows her an old newspaper detailing the murder of his grandfather ; the only suspect was David Lincoln, his chief assistant, whose photograph closely resembles the waxwork owner. The two then consult the wheelchair-bound Sir Wilfred, a friend of Mark\'s grandfather, who explains how he and Mark\'s grandfather collected trinkets from "eighteen of the most evil people who ever lived" and that Lincoln stole the artifacts; Lincoln, having sold his soul to the devil, wants to bring their previous owners to life by creating some wax effigies and feeding them the souls of victims, a concept taken from voodoo. Providing all eighteen with a victim would bring about the "voodoo end of the world, when the dead shall rise, and consume all things". On the advice of Sir Wilfred, Mark and Sarah enter the waxwork at night and douse the museum with gasoline. However, Sarah is lured into the display of the Marquis de Sade, and Mark is pushed into a zombie display by the waxwork\'s two butlers. Mark is approached by a horde of zombies, but finds that if he does not believe in the monsters, then they do not exist and cannot harm him. Mark finds his way out of the display and into the Marquis de Sade exhibit, where he rescues Sarah, while the Marquis vows revenge. Despite Mark and Sarah\'s attempts to escape, the displays are completed with the figures and their victims reanimating as evil entities. Suddenly, Sir Wilfred and a huge group of armed men arrive and in the ensuing battle, several waxworks and slayers die, including Lincoln\'s butlers and Mark and Sarah\'s former friends, now evil. Mark duels with the Marquis de Sade, who is finally killed by an axe, wielded by Sarah. The reunited couple is confronted by Lincoln, who dies in a vat of boiling wax. Sir Wilfred is killed by a werewolf as Sarah and Mark manage to escape the burning waxwork with their lives and begin to walk home, not noticing that the hand from the Zombie display is scuttling away from the rubble.'] ['The film\'s graveyard prologue is a recreation of the opening scene from Ed Wood\'s then-unreleased 1958 film Night of the Ghouls. Criswell reprises his role from the earlier film. The action begins when a young couple, Bob  and Shirley  survive a car crash only to find themselves tied to posts in a misty cemetery where they are forced to watch dead spirits dance for the Emperor of the Night played by Criswell . Ten striptease performances by topless dancers from beyond the grave outfitted in various motifs comprise most of this movie. The Wolf Man  and The Mummy are also tossed in for comic relief. Barrington doubles as the blond Gold Girl (inspired by Shirley Eaton in [[Goldfinger  while her red-headed "Shirley" character watches her perform. Criswell\'s undead consort, the sexy Black Ghoul, was written for Maila Nurmi, a.k.a. Vampira, but was instead played by Fawn Silver, who wore a black bouffant wig.'] ['http://www.bloody-disgusting.com/news/12837|titleBloody-disgusting.com}} The operation is a failure, and the team is captured. But suddenly, both sides find themselves confronted by a quite different opponent as a zombie apocalypse breaks out, cops and criminals will have to forge an uneasy alliance to survive the undead.Hugazombie.com  *Claude Perron as Aurore *Jean-Pierre Martins as Ouessem "Ouesse" *Eriq Ebouaney as Adewale Markudi *Aurélien Recoing as Jimenez *Doudou Masta as Bola Markudi *Antoine Oppenheim as Tony *Jo Prestia as José *Yves Pignot as René *Adam Pengsawang as Le Tchèque *Sébastien Peres as Séb *Laurent Demianoff as Kim *Alain Figlarz as Le concièrge *Stéphane Orsolani as Guetteur *Ali Karamoko as Ali *Maud Heywang as Quadra *Marie Vincent as Hélène *Mohamed Kerriche as Halim *Vincent Haquin as L\'Homme massif *Laurent Segall as Mathias Rivoallan *Benjamin Rocher as Teacher\'s head \' *Pierre Zéni as Mourner at funeral \'  *Emmanuel Lanzi *Virginie Arnaud *Christiana Becquet Da Silva *Jean-François Lenogue *Patrick Vo *Olivier Sa *Mickaël Troude *Dan Schwarz *Alain Barbier *Frédéric Dessains *Thierry Saelens *David Genty *Malki Attar *Sebastien Soudais *Sébastien Labie *Maximilien Poullein *Cédric Boyer \' *Yannick Dahan \' *Bruce Henrionnet \' *Gauthier Lamothe \' *Jimmy Philémond-Montout \''] ['For the past 13 years, Dr. Herbert West  has been serving his prison sentence for his role in the death of a teenage girl at the hands of one of his zombies. With what scant supplies he has on hand in the prison medical center, Dr. West has been capable of performing only extremely basic experiments on rats. However, his lack of supplies does not prevent him from uncovering a key element in his re-animation process. When a young doctor named Howard Phillips  comes to work at the prison, he teams up with West to help him attain the supplies and tools needed to bring his experiments to the next level. Phillips is the younger brother of the teenage girl who was killed  and came to the prison for the explicit purpose of working with West. In the meantime, Phillips gets a girlfriend, the journalist Laura Olney. Dr. West has discovered "NPE" , an energy that can be extracted from the brain of a living organism through an electrocution-like process, to be stored in a capsule resembling a small light bulb. The capsule can then be connected to a corpse and used in conjunction with West\'s previously developed reagent to restore the former dead to a lifelike state. The NPE prevents the degeneration seen in previous instances, where the reanimated are nothing more than mindless zombies. Used together with the re-agent, reanimated corpses regain their skills, memories, and motor functions and nearly fully resemble normal humans. The warden of the prison uncovers West\'s experiments, and is subsequently killed and re-animated a la Dr. Carl Hill in the first Re-Animator. However, West uses the NPE from a prisoner\'s pet rat, causing some unexpected side effects in the warden\'s behavior. It manifests itself as the prison descends into utter chaos as a riot breaks out, with vials of the reagent circulating through the population. Soon, it is unclear who is dead, who is alive, and who has been exposed to the agent. During the chaos, Laura is killed. Phillips is believed to be criminally insane by guards, when they find him weeping over Laura\'s head, severed from her body. West manages to escape the prison by stealing Phillips\' I.D., when he comes across him weeping over Laura\'s decapitated body before the guards appear. In the end of the film, West is shown putting on his glasses outside the prison, once he has slipped past security. He then throws a human eye, struggling to move, onto the lawn of the prison. After witnessing this, West slips into the night to continue his research.'] ['The story tells of a fictional 2006 FIFA World Cup Finale between Germany and Netherlands. When the team from Germany loses, they send out as revenge a zombie invasionWorst Case Scenario - Raaphorst lässt Frankenstein in den Kampf ziehen?. A small group of friends moves away from the nationwide madness, to a North Sea island where a horde of Wehrmacht zombies wait.Splatter in de polder'] ["In this latest interpretation, the characters Barb and her brother Johnny arrive late for their aunt's funeral and find the cemetery overrun with zombies. After Johnny abandons her, Barb flees the cemetery and is rescued by Ben, a local college student. The two seek refuge in the nearby farmhouse of the Cooper family , and attempt to live through the night along with other survivors, including the pyrophobic mortician, Gerald Tovar, Jr. As Barb and Ben attempt to convince the Cooper family that the zombies are heading to the house, Tom and Judy are attacked while having sex in the barn. After hearing Judy's screams, Barb and the rest of the household attempt to save her, but they are too late. When Tovar arrives, he explains what is happening. Owen the farmhand and Karen succumb to zombie bites and become undead. Barb and Ben leave with Tovar to what they believe is safety, while Henry and Hellie barricade themselves upstairs. Henry, who was bitten by a reanimated Karen and thus doomed to become a zombie, and Hellie, who is completely distraught over the death of her stepdaughter and the eventual reanimation of Henry, decide to commit suicide, and do so. After reaching his house, Tovar knocks Ben out and reveals that he was the one who brought the zombies back to life, even so much as bringing his own father back and feeding him with his own blood. Barb sets the house on fire, but Tovar catches her and brings her back to the mortuary along with an unconscious Ben in the trunk. Ultimately, Tovar plans to have Barb reborn as a zombie, but Barb gets the upper hand and throws him to a pack of zombies, who devour him. Barb and Ben escape and lock the other zombies in the garage. Ben realizes that he has been impaled with a tire iron, but is apparently unharmed; moments later, he transforms into a zombie. Barb uses the last bullet to kill him, and the zombies break through the gate."] ['An unnamed president  is running for reelection during a divisive war, and one of his speech writers, David Murch (Jon Tenney (The Stepfather, [[Legion , goes on TV to speak with talk show host Marty Clark  and strident right-wing sexpot  Jane Cleaver . Another guest is Janet Hofstader , the Cindy Sheehan-like mother of a dead soldier, who demands to know what her son died for. Murch gets a bit teary-eyed and explains that he lost his older brother Philip  in Vietnam. "Believe me," he tells the grieving mom, "if I had one wish, I would wish for your son to come back, because I know he would tell us how important this struggle is." Cleaver is so impressed with Murch\'s handling of the situation that she takes him out for a drink later, picks his brain, and eventually seduces him. The Karl Rove-like Kurt Rand  interrupts their tryst, calling to let Murch know that the president plans to make his line part of his stump speech.  Soon, the soldiers killed in Iraq do start returning from the dead, and it doesn\'t go the way Murch predicted. They are not back to feast on the living, but unhappily for the president and his supporters, they just want a chance to vote in the upcoming election. "We\'ll vote for anyone who ends this war," one explains. The spin machine goes into overdrive, but the dead are determined to make their voice heard even going as far as one soldier killing Kurt Rand by acting out the zombie stereotype  when Rand tried to force him to sign an unwanted document by threatening the soldier\'s mother. While voting results are being counted during the election, people within the current administration decide to skew the results so the current administration remains in power. After the election results are broadcast, more soldiers begin to return from the dead - but not just ones from Iraq: Soldiers begin to return from World War I and II, the Vietnam War, the Civil War, and etc. Eventually all of the people who died during war time to protect the United States of America have returned from the dead. The progress of the movie also reveals a shadowy mistake from Murch\'s past. He believed that his brother Philip was murdered in the Vietnam War only to discover that it was he who unintentionally killed him long ago with a gun in a game of "friend or foe". After Cleaver attacks the soldiers with her shotgun, Murch kills her, but fails to kill himself. Murch is countered by a soldier that asks him to join them, saying "We\'re looking for a few good men." Philip is among those returning from the grave, saying he forgives Murch for killing him, and then snaps Murch\'s neck. Now one of the zombies, Murch announces that he will show anyone who sends their brothers and sisters to die for a lie the true face of hell.'] ['The story begins after the Earth\'s water supply has been infected by a strange parasite known as Rot Worms. Rot Worm eggs were delivered by rain, and there\'s no place on the planet that is free from the worms. Once hatched, they begin feasting on human flesh, turning their hosts into mindless zombies. The film revolves around Fred, an elderly man with a walker, which he uses as a weapon. Fred appears to be losing his mind, believing his walker speaks to him as he travels through an infested city on a quest for a new pair of shoes. While searching a mall for the shoes, Fred encounters a recently bitten nurse. With no knowledge of a cure for the infection, the nurse quickly becomes a zombie, forcing Fred to flee the mall. Outside, he meets Jon, a skilled shooter who decides to help Fred escape the city. However, Fred loses his walker in an ensuing scuffle with zombies, where it gets taken from him by the nurse. Unwilling to abandon his closest friend , Fred abandons Jon by stealing a motorcycle. The motorcycle runs out of gas on a bridge, leading Fred to be surrounded on both sides by zombies. Fortunately, he manages to recover his walker from the nurse and kill numerous zombies, though he is unable to finish off the nurse herself. After fighting his way through the hoard of undead, Fred rescues another survivor, an old man carrying a bottle of prune juice. However, the man flees from Fred. Deciding to rest on a park bench, Fred discovers a newspaper detailing a new type of parasite known as Brain Worms, which eat any intake of food and eventually eat the brain of their host. As becomes evident from the symptoms of partial memory loss, rapid age progression, hallucinations, and hearing voices, Fred has already been infected by one. Unortunately, the blood which got on him during the fight on the bridge contains Rot Worms, which quickly overpower the lesser Brain Worms, turning him into a zombie. The next day, Jon, who was unknowingly infected with a Brain Worm when Fred patted him on the back, discovers the now infected Fred. Jon attempts to kill him, but is surrounded and eaten by the zombies. Eight days later, a man named Benjamin has begun to look for his wife in the city with his two sons and another man named Larry, the four using a van to store goods. While Benjamin has one his sons pick up doughnuts, Larry gets atttacked by the undead, then accidentally shot by the other son. Afterwards, it is revealed that the nurse was Benjamin\'s wife and she left the group in an attempt to help others. Benjamin tries to bring her back despite her infection, but is attacked and killed, while another zombie decapitates his wife. A man named Hac is sent by his bitten friend Mac to find an antidote. Mac has begun to believe that the old man carries the cure in his bottle of prune juice. Though both Hac and Mac die before learning the truth, Mac\'s belief turns out to be correct. The bottle carries an antidote known as "Zombifate", which the old man constantly consumes. Fred catches up to the old man, who orders him to resist the worms\' influence. Fred manages to temporarily overcome the infection and save the old man from zombies, but the man dies of a sudden heart attack. Fred begins to feast on his corpse, but the Zombifate inside the old man\'s body forces the Rot Worms out of him, allowing Fred to collapse and die naturally. After the film\'s credits, a man who trapped himself inside a box laughs about surviving the zombies, but has been infected by a Brain Worm.The New York Times review at Allmovie 2005'] ["In an abandoned prison, a doctor has revived executed convicts as the living dead. Teenager Scott Schwartz  creates a weapon from a laserdisc player's laser and pursues the walking dead, aided by his girlfriend and grandfather . A reporter  on the trail of the story is helped by the town librarian, played in her final film role by Zita Johann (Boris Karloff's [[The Mummy . On the prison island, the zombies attack a security guard and tear him apart as the reporter and teenager venture into the prison caverns for a final showdown."] ['The movie is set in a small rural town that is haunted by the undead. Only one man seems to be able to stop them, and that is Lúcio, a worker whose wife recently turned into a zombie, forcing him to keep her locked in the basement. In a local tavern he finds a second shot at true love, but this blooming romance is threatened by the situation plaguing the town.'] ["REC follows a television reporter, Ángela Vidal, and her cameraman, Pablo, who cover the night shift in one of Barcelona's local fire stations for the fictional documentary television series While You're Asleep. The firehouse receives a call about an old woman who is trapped in her apartment. When they arrive, Ángela and Pablo film the police breaking down the door. The woman becomes extraordinarily aggressive and bites one of the policemen. Meanwhile, the terrified residents gather in the entrance hall and look on as the firefighters and military seal off the building. A firefighter who remained in the old woman's apartment is bitten and plummets through the stairwell to the lobby floor. The camera crew, remaining Firefighter and the second policeman go up again and are attacked. The officer shoots the old woman. The camera crew remains trapped inside the building with the residents and continue recording in spite of the firefighters' pressure. Ángela interviews a little girl named Jennifer who lives in the building. Jennifer is ill with what her mother claims is tonsillitis. She says her dog, Max, is at the veterinarian because he appeared to be sick as well. A health inspector wearing a hazmat suit arrives and attempts to treat the injured, who become suddenly and fiercely violent despite their critical injuries. The health inspector explains that the time frame in which the disease takes effect varies by blood type. The health inspector also reveals that sometime during the previous day, a dog with the illness was taken to the veterinarian; the dog became violent and attacked and killed other pets at the clinic. The dog was euthanized, and was traced back to the apartment building. Jennifer, the girl who owned the dog, then suddenly vomits blood on her mother and escapes upstairs. The policeman handcuffs the mother on the stairs and proceeds upstairs with Manu. Pablo follows them. They find Jennifer, and the policeman tries to subdue her with a syringe that the inspector gave him, but she bites him. Manu and Pablo run outside where they find that the infected are trying to burst in the hallway through the textile shop. They are forced to leave the handcuffed woman and they run upstairs into an apartment, where the inspector tells the distraught residents that this unknown but virulent disease is infecting people, causing them to turn into bloodthirsty savages. More and more people in the building become infected, and Ángela and Pablo are forced to fight them off. Eventually they learn that there is a key to a door in the apartment building workshop, which leads to an exit via the sewer system. However, the key is located on the third floor in the manager's apartment. After finding the key, Ángela and Pablo appear to be the only human survivors, everyone else being dead or infected. Rather than making their way to the workshop, they are forced upstairs to the penthouse by the remaining infected. They then search the penthouse and discover that its former owner was an agent of the Vatican who was charged with researching and isolating a suspected virus believed to be the biological cause of demonic possession, which was later confirmed to exist in a young girl who was possessed. The agent kidnapped and brought the girl to the penthouse to conduct his research and to possibly cure her; during this time the virus managed to mutate and become contagious. The agent decided to seal her off, presumably to let her die of starvation and dehydration. A door to the attic opens and Pablo uses his camera to look inside. A boy jumps at the camera and breaks its light. Pablo turns on the night vision to see in the dark and discovers the sealed door referred to earlier by the agent on an audio tape. The agent abandoned his efforts to cure the girl after failing to engineer a vaccine and sealed her in the room before leaving the city. The girl monster Medeiros, now a ghoulishly emaciated figure, begins searching the kitchen area, unaware of Ángela and Pablo's presence. Pablo tries to escape, but trips and is viciously attacked with a hammer by the Girl Medeiros, causing Pablo to drop the camera. Ángela picks it up and runs, only to trip and drop the camera as well. She searches for it but is unable to find it. The camera continues to record as the screams of the infected girl Medeiros are heard on the tape recorder, and finally Ángela is dragged into the darkness, screaming."] ['When a renegade band of young filmmakers break into an abandoned hospital to make their horror epic, they stumble upon a real dead body and decide to use it in their movie. They accidentally bring it back to life, open a portal to a dead world that releases dozens of other zombies, then struggle for their lives in a desperate attempt to flee from the creatures who apparently have them hopelessly trapped in the hospital.'] ["A young Henry Oldfield  lives on a sheep farm in New Zealand, with his father and older brother, Angus. After witnessing his father's pride in Henry's natural ability at farming, Angus plays a cruel prank on him involving the bloody corpse of his pet sheep, just moments before Mrs. Mac, the farm's housekeeper, comes to tell the boys that their father has been killed in an accident. The combined shock of these two incidents leads Henry to develop a crippling phobia of sheep. Fifteen years later, Henry  returns home to sell his share of the family farm to Angus . Unknown to Henry, Angus is carrying out secret genetic experiments that transform sheep from docile vegetarians into ferocious carnivores whose bite can transform a human into a bloodthirsty half-sheep monstrosity. While trying to expose Angus's experiments, a pair of environmental activists named Grant  and Experience  steal a mutant lamb  preserved in a container, but accidentally release it when Grant slips and drops the container, causing it to smash open. As Grant and Experience flee from the scientists, the lamb bites Grant and infects him. The lamb then escapes into the fields and infects the flocks of sheep. Meanwhile, Henry and old friend, Tucker, the farm manager, decide to take a drive on the farm. Tucker sees a sheep that refuses to run away. At the same time, Experience steals a rifle from the car to try to shoot them. They eventually team up with each other to investigate a farm house that has smoke pouring out of it. Inside they find the mutilated body of a farmer. Henry sees a sheep in the hallway and, because of his phobia, he quietly shuts the door and locks it. The sheep tries to crash through the door. Tucker shoots the sheep. On the other end of the farm, Angus is driving around when he sees Grant. Grant bites Angus on the hand and runs off. Back in the car, Tucker, Experience, and Henry leave to warn Angus about the killer sheep, but a sheep hiding in the car bites Tucker. Tucker, Experience, and Henry manage to escape the car, with the sheep still inside, moments before it drives down the same cliff where Angus and Henry's father fell to his death. After the car is destroyed, they seek refuge in the laboratory, encountering a sheep hung up with its underside open, alive. Henry and Tucker finally realize that Angus is conducting cruel experiments. When one of the scientists see that Tucker's foot has now become a sheep's foot, she keeps him there for study but Experience and Henry escape when Angus cannot bring himself to shoot his own brother. Suddenly, hordes of sheep come running down the hill. They see an offal pit surrounded by a gate. Henry accidentally slips into the pit, and his brother refuses to help. Henry and Experience fall into the pit but escape in the underground tunnels. Meanwhile, Tucker transforms into a sheep, but the scientist administers an injection of amniotic fluid from one of the mutant lambs' containers which transforms him back to human. But when she goes to give the shot to Angus, she is attacked and eaten by the sheep. While Henry and Experience clean themselves, they hear shearing sounds inside a barn. When they investigate the noise, they see something using shears on itself. The thing stands up and walks up to them wearing Grant's clothes, looking like a bipedal sheep with blood dripping from its mouth. Experience recognises the clothes, but Henry attacks him. Grant hits Henry and lunges at Experience, issuing sheep calls. They lock Grant in the barn and escape. Angus gives a presentation to businessmen about his new genetically engineered sheep. The businessmen are soon slaughtered by the infected sheep. During the massacre, a sheep confronts Angus, but does not attack him as he has been infected. When Henry and Experience try to warn Angus, they discover he has a love for sheep. Disgusted, they leave. Henry realizes he has been infected, so, like Angus, sheep no longer attack him. Henry and Experience go their separate ways. Henry ends up fighting with his brother, who has now transformed into a gargantuan sheep monster: however, only as intelligent as a sheep, Angus is kept in check by Henry and the farm's sheepdog. While he is cornered by the dog, the revolving propeller of the family plane cuts into Angus and wounds him badly. Tucker suddenly arrives and disinfects Angus and Henry with more amniotic fluid, administered via a medicine nozzle designed for sheep. Experience arrives. Even though Angus is now a human, he goes back to the sheep and tells them to bite him again. The sheep, driven mad by the smell of blood, devour Angus. Eventually, all the sheep are contained and killed in a giant bonfire of ignited sheep flatulence. The cure is given to the surviving were-sheep, including Grant, and Henry decides on using organic farming methods. Meanwhile, the sheep dog looks on from a hillside, and suddenly bleats like a sheep."] [' A woman  is in an abandoned house looking for her boyfriend. After she discovers his body, she is stabbed in the head, and her body is dragged through a cellar door. In New York City, Bob  and his parents, Norman and Lucy Boyle , are moving. Norman\'s ex-colleague, Dr. Peterson, who murdered his mistress before committing suicide, was the previous owner. The Boyles are to stay there, whilst Norman researches old houses. As his mother packs, Bob looks at a photograph of a house and sees a girl in it who warns him to stay away. In New Whitby, Boston, Bob waits in his parents\' car while they collect keys. The girl from the photograph appears across the street. The girl, Mae , psychically warns Bob to stay away. In the real estate office, Mrs. Gittelson  is annoyed when her colleague hands the couple "the Freudstein" keys. She insists it is called "Oak Mansion". Gittelson promises to find a babysitter. Oak Mansion is in a poor state of repair. The cellar door is locked and nailed shut. A woman arrives and introduces herself as Anne, the babysitter . That night, Norman hears noises and finds Anne unblocking the cellar door. The next day, Norman goes to the library to peruse Peterson\'s materials. The assistant librarian, Daniel Douglas , informs Norman that Peterson conducted private research at the house. He studied records of area disappearances and other demographic data. Mae shows Bob a tombstone on the grounds marked "Mary Freudstein" and says she is not really dead. Indoors, Lucy finds the tombstone of "Jacob Tess Freudstein". When Norman returns, he reassures her that some old houses have indoor tombs, because of the hard wintry ground. Norman opens the cellar door and walks down the stairs only be attacked by a bat, which he stabs. Spooked, the family drives down to the estate office and demands to be re-housed, but are told it will be few more days before they can move. While the Boyles are at hospital to treat Norman\'s injuries from the bat, Gittelson arrives at the house to tell them of a new property. Letting herself in, she stands by the Freudstein tombstone, which cracks apart, pinning her ankle. A figure emerges, stabs her in the neck with a fireplace poker, and drags her into the cellar. The next morning, Lucy finds Anne cleaning a bloodstain on the kitchen floor. Anne eludes Lucy\'s questions about the stain. Over coffee, Norman tells Lucy that he\'s discovered that Freudstein was a Victorian surgeon who conducted illegal experiments. Norman must travel to New York to research Freudstein. On the way, Norman drops by the library and finds a cassette of Peterson, which explains Freudstein killed his family. Anne goes to the cellar looking for Bob, but is decapitated by Freudstein. Bob sees Anne\'s head, and exits screaming. Lucy refuses to believe Bob\'s tale about Anne. That evening, Bob returns to the cellar looking for Anne. Lucy hears Bob\'s cries and tries to open the cellar door. When she cannot open the door, Norman returns and attacks it with an axe. The rotting hands of Freudstein  appear and restrain Bob. One axe blow chops off the monster\'s hand, and he staggers away, holding Bob. The cellar contains mutilated bodies, surgical equipment and a slab. Freudstein is a living corpse with rotting flesh. Norman tells Lucy the 150-year-old Freudstein lives by using his victims\' parts to regenerate blood cells. Norman attacks Freudstein, but the ghoul twists the axe away. He grabs a knife off a tray and stabs Freudstein. Freudstein picks up Norman and rips his throat out. Lucy and Bob climb a ladder leading to the cracked tombstone. Lucy strains to shift the stone, but Freudstein grabs her. Freudstein kills Lucy by ramming her head into the concrete floor. As Freudstein advances up the ladder, Bob strains to escape. Suddenly, Bob is yanked upwards and finds Mae. With Mae is her mother, Mary Freudstein , who urges them to leave. Freudstein leads Mae and Bob down the wintry grove into a netherworld of ghosts and sadness.'] ['Illegal drug plantations are sprayed with the chemical Dromax by passing aeroplanes in an anti-drug innitiative organised by corrupt government officials. Instead of killing the plants, the hippie growers of the crop are turned into flesh eating zombie like creatures.'] ["A group of researchers at a remote jungle island outpost discover the natives are practicing voodoo and black magic. After killing the local priest , a voodoo curse begins to raise the dead to feed on the living in retribution. The researchers on the island are killed by the newly risen zombies, except for Jenny , the daughter of a scientist couple. She escapes, protected by an enchanted necklace charm given to her by her mother shortly before her death. She returns years later as an adult with a group of mercenaries to attempt to uncover what happened to her parents. Shortly after arriving at the island their boat's engine dies, stranding them. Meanwhile elsewhere on the island a trio of hikers discover a cave, the same cave leading to the underground temple where the original curse was created. After accidentally reviving the curse, the dead once again return to kill any who trespass on their island. The mercenaries encounter their first zombie, who injures a member of the team. Taking shelter in the remains of the old research facilities medical quarters they are soon joined by Chuck , the only surviving hiker. Arming themselves with weapons left behind by the long dead research team, they make their stand as the dead once again rise. One by one they are injured or killed, one of whom sacrifices himself to blow up the medical facility and his newly undead team members. Jenny and Chuck flee, the only survivors remaining. They stumble upon the cave once again, where the zombies appear and attack. Chuck is killed, and Jenny apparently becomes an advanced zombie. The ending remains somewhat ambiguous."] ['The movie starts with a group of kids taking a hayride in the country on Halloween. They pay the local farmer to take them to a secluded area of the forest. The kids arrive and begin drinking, telling the farmer to come back after dark to pick them up. As the party wears on the group separates to find their own little love nests. Meanwhile, the farmer has stumbled across a large tree stump which he proceeds to remove with the help of his tractor. Under the stump is a large wooden box with an ancient seal telling not to break open the box. The farmer breaks the seal and opens the box. Inside is the Bill Heinzman "Flesheater" who precedes to eat the farmer making him a zombie in the process. Both zombies head towards where the kids are. Two of the kids who retreated to the barn for some alone time are killed by the flesheaters. As the flesh-eater is killing the kids, two of their friends walk in and see what\'s happening then they run outside to warn the group at the party. Inside the barn the kids who were attacked become zombies and head out of the barn for fresh victims back near the party and one of the girls is attacked in the woods by the zombies. It tears a chunk of shoulder away but the girl is saved by her boyfriend who hears her screams and tackles the flesh-eater. The remaining kids retreat to the old "Spencers Farm" a dis-used farmhouse in the woods. They proceed to nail up the windows and doors. They manage to phone the police but the call is cut short when a zombie outside rips the phone line out. Meanwhile, the two kids who escaped from the barn have caught up with the group  so the two kids hide in the basement and lock the door. Upstairs the girl bitten on the shoulder dies and returns as a zombie. Just as she gets up the zombies outside break in and the remaining group are slaughtered, each becoming a zombie and heading into the woods for more victims. A police car then turns up at Spencer\'s farm responding to the cut-short phone call. The police officer is attacked by a group of zombies and left for dead. The kids in the basement open the door and see the body of the policeman. They take his gun and kill his half remaining zombie corpse and escape into the night. Some of the zombies find their way to a residential street where they proceed to eat a local family inside their home turning them into zombies in the process. The two kids find a local stable where they try to warn the owner about the coming attack. He goes inside the house to find that his wife has become a zombie. More zombies appear and the man is cornered and eaten alive and the kids flee again. They find a large barn where a Halloween party is being held. The kids try to warn the group about the undead but they laugh it off as Halloween nonsense. Soon the zombies arrive and slaughter the party-goers. The two kids who survived the basement find a hiding spot inside the framework of the barn. Back in town, the police department are assembling a posse after hearing of the officer who was killed at Spencer\'s farm. As daylight approaches the posse have arrived at the woods. They find zombies emerging from the woods and proceed to kill the creatures. They proceed through the woodland killing zombies as they go. The posse arrive at the barn and find the party-goers are all zombies. The posse kill them as the zombie group come out of the barn. The two kids hiding in the barn hear the gunshots and think they are saved. They exit the barn and are shot on sight by a sniper . The posse throws all the bodies inside the barn and barricade it shut. They set it on fire burning the remaining few zombies inside. The posse thinking they destroyed all the zombies head home. A few days later a police officer is checking out the remains of the barn when he is attacked by the original flesheater, who kills him and begins the outbreak over again.'] ['Tom Latham enjoys riding his motorcycle with his girlfriend and loves his mother, but he is no ordinary fellow. He is an amiable teen psychopath, clearly modeled on Alex of A Clockwork Orange fame. Like Alex, he has an unusual pet  and a distinctive catch phrase, "hello, little green friend." Tom is the leader of a violent teen gang, which ride motorcycles and dabble in Black Magic, and call themselves "The Living Dead". In a similar vein, his mother and her sinister butler get their kicks out of holding séances in their home. With her help and following in his father\'s footsteps, Tom makes a pact with the devil to return from the dead. One by one, he and his fellow bikers commit suicide with the goal of returning as one of the "undead". Not all succeed but the ones who do, gather together at a secret place called "The Seven Witches" , after which they continue to terrorize the locals. This was one of the last films of George Sanders, who committed suicide soon after its completion. Despite having a following amongst fans of cult British cinema, Nicky Henson is publicly very critical of Psychomania. In August 2011, UK based label Spoke Records reissued John Cameron\'s Frog "Witch Hunt/Living Dead" Psychomania theme music on a limited edition vinyl 7".'] ['The film opens with a reenactment of final scenes of Waxwork, with Mark and Sarah leaving the burning waxwork . The disembodied zombie hand from the first film follows Sarah to her run-down flat and kills her stepfather with a hammer, a murder for which Sarah is blamed. No one believes her story about the evil waxwork. In the hope of gathering evidence, Mark and Sarah visit the late Sir Wilfred\'s home, where they find a filmreel of Sir Wilfred speaking of his and Mark\'s grandfather\'s adventures and of the artifacts they collected together. A secret switch in Sir Wilfred\'s chessboard opens a door to a room full of objects where Mark and Sarah find a small compass-like device. They learn this device was used in history by light and dark angels to travel through another dimension consisting of stories that have become realities (including homages to Frankenstein, The Haunting, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Dr. Jekyll, [[Alien . According to exposition later given by Sir Wilfred in the form of a raven, these worlds comprise "God\'s video game," where God and the devil battle over the fate of the world, each victory being reflected in events occurring in the real world. When Mark or Sarah appear in each reality they take on the persona of characters in those stories, sometimes having their personalities and memories taken over by those characters until they regain their senses. Mark plans to gather evidence of the reanimated dead to bring back to the real world as proof of Sarah\'s story in court. After several failed attempts and being lost in one world after another, they battle with an evil sorcerer and Mark is able to send Sarah home with an animated zombie hand as proof of her story. Unable to return with her, Mark instead arranges to have another compass delivered to Sarah after her trial ends so she can rejoin him.'] ["Ricky  is a young scientist living in a poor and violent section of Oakland with his brother Jermaine . Since his parents died, Ricky has been working hard at a laboratory trying to perfect a regenerative formula that could heal dead cells in animals. Ricky disapproves of Jermaine's friends Marco  and Kevin and tells his brother that they will be moving to a safer community at the end of the month. While out with his friends one night, Jermaine is threatened by a group of drug dealers that claim that his brother Ricky reported their illegal activities to the police. That night Jermaine is killed in a drive by shooting. Ricky uses his regenerative formula on Jermaine's corpse. When nothing happens, Ricky enlists Marco and Kevin to exact his revenge against his brother's killers. Subsequently, Jermaine comes back to life and also pursues his killers. The zombie infection then spreads through flesh wounds, turning the dealers, Ricky's girlfriend, and an ambulance crew into zombies. Once Ricky realizes the situation is out of control, he calls his boss, Dr. Richards  and tells him of the disaster. Dr. Richards, not wanting the virus to spread out of control, calls in a mercenary to deal with the problem. The group hunts down the remaining zombies, but the mercenary gets turned into a zombie in the process. Ricky returns home with Dr. Richards, who has been infected. The now-undead Dr. Richards attacks Ricky, but the also-undead Jermaine comes to Ricky's rescue by killing Richards. Jermaine's reanimated corpse then turns on Ricky, who is forced to shoot his own brother. As the movie ends, a lone driver  sees the abandoned ambulance and pulls over to help. He is attacked by the undead hospital crew, leaving the potential for a sequel open.  * Ricky  * Jermaine  * Scott  * Romero  * Dr. Richards  * Marco  * Kevin"] ['Tarver  is a crew member on board Pandora, a freight transport carrier headed toward Earth with a desperately needed new energy supply, a strange substance called "Thanatos". Pandora{{\'}}s captain, Darian Holoway  was recently promoted after the death of former captain Rubini . Some of the crew are suspicious of the Thanatos. Approaching Earth, the ship diverts to respond to a distress call from the spacecraft Diana. The Diana appears abandoned until the discovery of four nurses from the Diana{{\'}}s medical facility who claim to have survived a pirate attack. The nurses are actually the pirates and they attempt a takeover of the Pandora. During the struggles, the Thanatos container is ruptured and fluid spills onto one of the pirates. She mutates and becomes a "plaguer". One by one, the pirates and the Pandora crew become infected, as the Thanatos becomes strong enough to take control of the ship and head it straight toward Earth.'] ['In 1959, on board a space ship, two aliens race to keep an experiment from being released by a third member of the crew. The seemingly possessed third alien shoots the canister into space where it crashes to Earth. Nearby, a college man takes his date to a parking spot when they see a falling star and investigate. Unfortunately, it lands in the path of an escaped criminally insane mental patient. As his date is attacked by the axe-wielding maniac, the boy finds the canister, from which a small leech-like thing jumps out and into his mouth. 28 years later, Chris Romero is pining over a love lost, being supported by his handicapped friend J.C. During pledge week at Corman University, Chris spots a girl, Cynthia Cronenberg, and seems to fall instantly in love. To get her attention, he decides that he must join a fraternity. As a part of their pledge , they must steal a cadaver from the university medical center and place it on the steps of the Phi Omega Gamma house. Chris and J.C. find one in a top secret room that is being kept in a state of suspended animation, but when it grabs one of their arms as they try to move it, they lose their nerve and run back to their dorm room. Meanwhile, Detective Ray Cameron, a cop that dated the girl killed back in 1959 and is haunted by the memories of what he found that night, is called in to the cryogenics lab break-in where there were two bodies, but one is now missing. The missing body is the one released from its cryogenics tomb - the same boy who found the alien experiment back in 1959. This missing body makes its way back to the same sorority house where he picked up his date 27 years earlier. The walking corpse comes to Cynthia\'s window where his head splits open and more of the leech creatures fall out and slither across the ground. Called to the scene, Ray finds the body with a large open wound in the face, similar to one that could have been made by an axe. The next day, Chris and J.C. are confronted by the frat brothers, upset over the fact that they believe they are responsible for the previous night\'s incident. After surviving their encounter, they are then taken in for questioning by the police. Based on the testimony of a janitor that witnessed them running out of university medical center, "screaming like banshees," they confess to breaking in, but deny taking the corpse out. That night, the attendant found dead gets up from his slab and runs into the same janitor. After the dead and buried cat of one of the sorority sisters comes back, Cynthia confesses it to Chris and J.C. and goes on about the dead body found at the sorority house. Although both are skeptical of her story about them being zombies, J.C. sees that she is leaning on Chris\' shoulder, and leaves the two alone to go to the bathroom, where the now-possessed janitor enters and lets loose more of the slugs. As Chris walks Cynthia back to the sorority house, he runs into Cameron who has overheard the entire story. Back at Ray\'s home, the two talk about their high school sweethearts. Ray\'s story is more elaborate as he goes on about how they broke up and he became a cop and how he was called out to the site where she had been hacked up by a lunatic. He goes on to tell of how he tracked down the escaped patient, killed him and buried him in the same spot on which the House Mother\'s cottage now sits. Just then, Ray gets a call where the House Mother has been hacked up to death by the axe-wielding corpse that broke in through the floor. The killer is finally tracked down and cornered by the police, but numerous gunshots have no effect. Cameron then takes his shotgun and blows its head off, which releases more of the little creeps. The next night, everyone is getting ready for the formal when Chris notices a tape recorder on which J.C. has recorded a posthumous message to his friend, telling him that one of the things has incubated in his brain and that he had discovered, after lighting one with a match, that heat can destroy them. Chris then runs into the boiler room, where his friend has told him he was headed in an attempt to kill those inside him. Chris then shows up at Ray\'s place, which Ray has sealed up, and he fills him in. After grabbing his gun and turning off the gas, he takes Chris to a police armory to get a flamethrower. They come to the sorority house just as Cynthia is breaking up with Brad who has become possessed. After killing him, the Delta fraternity brothers show up - despite having been killed in a bus crash. While Chris and Cynthia team up with shotgun and flamethrower to destroy the dead outside, Cameron does likewise inside. After stopping the horde, Chris spots more slugs racing across the ground that are headed into the house\'s basement. Cynthia remembers that this is where specimen brains are being kept. When they go down below, they find Cameron, tape across his mouth, prepping a can of gasoline. They also find the creatures gathered in a huge swarm in the corner. Cameron begins counting down as he splashes gasoline everywhere. Cynthia and Chris turn and run out of the house, counting down in sync with Cameron. Cameron fills the basement with gas and just as some of the parasites leap at him, he flicks his lighter and the house goes up in a fiery explosion. Watching the sorority house burn, Chris and Cynthia share a kiss. The scene ends when the dog that caused the bus accident returns, opens its mouth, and a slug jumps out.NIGHT OF THE CREEPS'] ["Serial murderer and rapist Abbot Hayes disappears from the morgue and becomes the leader of several waves of zombies that attack his home town. Fourteen years after the last zombie attack, a businessman relocates bodies from a local cemetery to pave the way for progress, but sets in motion Abbot's next undead assault."] ["In a Provençal village in the south of France, the villagers welcome the declaration of war with Germany in 1914 and flock to enlist. Among them is François Laurin, a man of jealous and violent temperament, who is married to Édith, the daughter of an upright veteran soldier Maria Lazare. François suspects, correctly, that Édith is conducting an affair with the poet Jean Diaz who lives in the village with his mother, and he sends Édith to stay with his parents in Lorraine - where she is subsequently captured and raped by German soldiers. François and Jean find themselves serving in the same battalion at the front, where the initial tensions between them give way to a close friendship which acknowledges that they both love Édith. In 1918 Jean is discharged through ill-health and returns to the village, to find his mother dying. Édith reappears from captivity, now with a young half-German daughter Angèle. Her father, Maria Lazare, immediately leaves to avenge the shame to the family name. When François comes home on leave, Jean and Édith fear his reaction to the illegitimate child and try to conceal her from him, which merely revives his jealous suspicions of Jean, and the two men fight. When the truth is revealed, François and Jean agree to seek their vengeance in battle and both return to the front. In a great battle, in which a mythical figure of Le Gaulois leads on the French forces, François is wounded and dies in the field hospital. Jean, meanwhile, is so shell-shocked that he becomes insane. He returns to the village and gathers the inhabitants together to tell them of his vision on the battlefield: from the graves of the dead, soldiers arise and gather in a great cohort that marches through the land, back to their homes. Jean challenges the villagers to say whether they have been worthy of the men's sacrifices, and they watch in horror as their dead family and friends appear on the threshold. The soldiers return to their rest, and Jean goes back to his mother's house. There he finds a book of his own poems which he tears up in disgust, until one of them, his Ode to the Sun, drives him to denounce the sun for its complicity in the crimes of war. As the sunlight fades from the room, Jean dies."] ["Eric Hayes  makes his living as a news stringer finding gruesome atrocities and filming them to sell to the media. One night, he stumbles upon some ghouls devouring a young woman in an alley. After discovering that he didn't have any film in his camera, Hayes convinces his friend Clift  to help him track down the ghouls again. Connor Foster is the main star in this film."] ['Following the accidental death of his mother, Renee , during production of a movie, Jeff Matthews  moves with his veterinarian father, Chase , to Ludlow, Maine to live in the family\'s summer house. Jeff soon learns about the Creed family murders and about the cursed Indian burial ground. After his friend Drew\'s dog, Zowie, is shot by Drew\'s stepfather, Gus Gilbert , the town sheriff, Jeff and Drew bury Zowie at the burial ground in an attempt to bring him back to life. The dog returns from the dead, but is unusually fierce, and his eyes have an unnatural glow to them even in daylight. Zowie is treated for his gunshot wound by Chase, who finds that the wound is not healing and Zowie has no heartbeat. Chase sends a blood sample to a lab and learns that Zowie\'s cells have completely deteriorated and are no different from those of a dead canine. Jeff and Drew go to the pet cemetery on Halloween for a night of horror stories about the Creed tragedy when Gus comes looking for Drew and punches him. Before Gus can hit his stepson with one of the gravemarkers, Zowie rushes out of the shadows and kills the abusive, overzealous sheriff with a bite to the jugular. The boys bury Gus in the burial ground. Gus returns to life, but now exhibits stiff movements and at first treats Drew more fairly, but remains mostly silent and in a zombie-like state. Soon, he becomes more crude and sadistic, such as when he raped Drew\'s mother, or when he brutally skins his pet rabbits for supper. Zowie and Gus both start acting more violent. Zowie breaks out of the veterinary clinic and kills three cats before entering Chase\'s home and attacking him. Chase survives with an injured arm, but is shaken. Jeff and a bully, Clyde , get into a fight in a ditch. Jeff is about to have his nose cut off by the spokes of his own bike when Gus shows up. Gus orders Jeff to go home, then kills Clyde with his own motorcycle  while Drew watches. Gus traps Drew inside his house with Zowie, who has gone completely savage. Drew escapes through an upstairs window and gets in the car of his arriving mother. Gus chases them down the highway with his police car, killing them by forcing them to collide with a truck. Gus returns to Clyde\'s corpse with a police shovel and body bag, saying "I\'m takin\' you up the hill, Clyde, buddy. That\'s the way the Indians did it." Jeff becomes obsessed with reanimating his mother. He has Gus exhume her corpse, and meets him at the Indian burial ground to re-bury her. His father is told that his wife has been removed from her grave by Gus. Chase rushes to Gus\' house and is attacked by Zowie but manages to kill the undead dog. He enters Gus\' house only to find the dead man waiting for him. Shooting Gus in his chest has little effect on him, and just as Gus is about to kill Chase with an electric drill, Chase retrieves his gun and shoots Gus through the head, killing him. Jeff\'s mother has come back to life. She stabs and kills Chase\'s housekeeper, Marjorie, in the attic. Chase arrives and finds Marjorie\'s body as well as his son embracing his undead wife. He is unmoved by Renee and tells Jeff to get away from her. An undead Clyde then arrives armed with an axe, and fights Jeff again. Chase is knocked out, and Renee locks everyone in the attic and sets the place on fire. Jeff defeats Clyde by sticking a severed electrical cable in his mouth, causing his head to explode. As they escape Renee tries to convince Jeff to stay by muttering, "I love you," but Jeff gets himself and his father out of the attic, leaving his mother to die in the flames. As Renee burns she chants "Sometimes dead is better". Jeff and Chase move out of Ludlow to start a new life back in Los Angeles.'] ['A forest full of fallen angels who seduce their victims first, and then kill them. Five friends have a car accident and get into their catches. It flares up a deadly battle in which fear and seduction lay a trail of blood. These angels have an insatiable appetite for human flesh and drag you straight to hell!'] ['Glen  returns home to find his house abandoned. Nobody answers his calls, but there is a half-eaten dinner in the kitchen and the eerie sound of laughter from somewhere nearby. He goes into the backyard and climbs into the treehouse, where he finds a lit lantern and a doll. The tree is abruptly struck by lightning and collapses. Glen awakens to the sound of men at work; it was only a nightmare. Through his window, he sees that the workers have cut down the tree in his backyard and a fragment of a geode has been unearthed. Glen returns with his friend Terry to dig for more. Though the workers have attempted to fill the hole left by the tree, Glen and Terry breach the surface and uncover a large geode. In the process, Glen catches a splinter and leaves a small bit of blood behind. With Glen\'s parents leaving town for three days, they leave his sister Alexandra  in charge. Al decides to throw a party. Upstairs, Terry and Glen break open the geode. They discover it has left strange writing on a notepad, and read the incantations aloud. They go downstairs just as the party-goers have begun playing a levitation game. Everyone is shocked when they successfully levitate Glen. That night, Glen sees his bedroom wall stretching, and Terry embraces a heavenly apparition of his dead mother, only to have it turn out to be the body of Angus, Glen\'s recently-deceased dog. The next day, Terry brings a heavy metal album to Glen\'s house, with lyrics supposedly based on something called "The Dark Book". He believes that the hole in Glen\'s backyard is a gateway to the domain of evil gods, and speculates that their actions from the previous day started the process. He speculates that the only missing element would be to deposit a sacrifice into the hole. Unknown to them, a friend of Al\'s has already dumped Angus into the hole, completing the summoning. After reading a section from "The Dark Book" that is supposed to close the Gate, the boys find the hole has closed and assume their efforts were successful. That night, a swarm of moths shatter Glen\'s bedroom window, and Angus\' corpse is found in Terry\'s bed. A pair of demonic arms try to pull Al under the bed, and Terry and Glen barely save her. They attempt to flee the house, but are greeted outside by Glen and Al\'s parents, who are actually disguised demons. After returning to the house Al volunteers to inspect the yard, but the others see it swarming with small demons and call her back. Terry leads everyone to the basement to retrieve "The Dark Book", but it bursts into flames. They then attempt to stop the creatures by reading the Bible. Terry reads from Psalm 59 and the hole seems to be closing, but he slips and falls into the hole, where he is attacked by the demons. Al and Glen pull Terry out as the hole begins closing. Terry reads from Genesis, but ultimately throws the Bible into the hole. An explosion knocks them unconscious. When they wake up the hole appears sealed. That night, a wall breaks open and a dead body falls through. Glen wonders if this is the construction worker he heard was buried in the walls of the house. Before either of the boys can react, the construction worker pulls Terry into the wall, which seals behind him. Upstairs, Al notices a hazy image of the construction worker in her mirror. Glen bursts into Al\'s bedroom, and the construction worker appears. Al throws a stereo at him and he disintegrates into dozens of little demons. Al holds the bedroom door shut while Glen races downstairs to find their father\'s gun. A demonic version of Terry appears and bites his hand. Al runs downstairs to help, and stabs Terry in the eye. Al and Glen hide in a closet, but the construction worker breaks through an interior wall. Al fires a shot into his head, but he is uninjured and drags her away. Glen realizes that Terry and Al represent the two human sacrifices that would fully open the gate. He also realizes that the rocket Al intended to give him for his birthday, a symbol of love, light and purity, is the only thing that can stop the rise of the Old Gods. He makes his way upstairs just before the floor collapses, revealing a chasm beneath the house. Glen retrieves the rocket and attempts to launch it, but the matches keep blowing out. The wind sucks Glen onto the foyer, where a giant, serpentine demon emerges. The demon pats Glen on the head, touches his hand, and returns to the hole. Glen discovers that the demon\'s touch has placed an eye in the palm of his hand. Glen stabs out the eye, then struggles to descend the staircase, at which point the demon re-emerges. Glen uses a battery-powered launcher to fire his rocket into the demon. The demon explodes, dispelling the dark clouds above the house. Glen returns to the house. Angus emerges from the front closet, seemingly restored to life. He is followed by Terry and Al, also unhurt. The kids worry about how to explain the wreckage of the house to their parents.'] ["Patsy Powers  is a homely nurse who pines for handsome Dr. Dox . Unfortunately for Patsy, the well-favoured physician only has eyes for pretty Goodie Tueshuez  - a jealous-minded nurse obsessed with popularity. When a foul-smelling woodsman is admitted to the hospital with an axe imbedded in his forehead, the rest of the nurse staff runs for cover as kindly Patsy and the injured worker form a warm bond. Later, after Patsy and the rugged lumberjack share a kiss, the smitten nurse is thrown off guard when her new beau reflexively sinks his teeth into her flesh. As Patsy runs off to bandage her wound, Eastern European doctor-turned-janitor Kapotski recognizes the woodsman as a zombie and ends the man's suffering with a stake through the head. In the days that follow, Patsy's body is gradually taken over by the zombie virus. Not only does the transformation aversely affect Patsy's eating habits, it instills her with a newfound confidence that quickly catches the eye of Dr. Dox as well. Perplexed by her mousy co-worker's sudden transformation and determined to keep Dr. Dox for herself, the scheming Goody soon sets out to uncover the secret of Patsy's rising popularity. Now, as Patsy struggles to stay well fed and Dr. Dox grows increasingly inpatient with Goodie's unpalatable jealousy, the stage is set for a romance fueled by enough passion to transcend life and death.synopsis by Jason Buchanan at allmovie.com website"] ["A priest practicing the Voodoo arts resurrects Matt Cordell  who takes his badge and comes back from the dead to do his bidding. Meanwhile a pair of cameramen who are hoping to make it big come across a convenience store robbery where a police officer named Katie Sullivan  intervenes in a hostage situation where she manages to wound the suspect, but she realizes that the clerk is his girlfriend and she had let him in purposefully to rob the store. There is a cross fire and while Kate is severely wounded and she ends up killing the clerk in return. When rushed to the hospital, she is rendered comatose and brain dead, much to the chagrin of investigating officer Sean McKinney  who had caught the report of Katie using excessive force in a hostage situation seeming to make the clerk an innocent victim and in response threatening to free the badly injured Frank Jessup. Meanwhile, stalking Katie's progress, Cordell goes to the hospital to watch her. He kills one of her supervising physicians with defibrillator paddles and the physician set to sign the warrant to cut Kate's life support by exposing him to high amounts of X-Ray radiation. The reporters who had framed Kate are then murdered as well. While McKinney and a physician Susan  are investigating the murders and the strange behavior experienced by the comatose Kate. Their investigations lead them to Houngan  who admits that he had brought Cordell back from the dead and he is interested in Kate who is on the verge of death. At gunpoint, Cordell forces Houngan to attempt the resurrection on her, but he is unable to do so, stating her spirit is refusing to return from the dead to be with him. Cordell kills Houngan and both he and Kate are set on fire in the process and she is immolated. As they escape, Susan and McKinney are chased by Cordell who survived the fire while remaining ablaze, he chases them in a beat up police car while they ride in an ambulance. They manage to throw an oxygen tank into the burning car before both crash, before Cordell can back up on the other disabled vehicle, the canister goes off, blowing the car and Cordell to ash."] ['Ash Williams  and his girlfriend Linda  take a romantic vacation in his 1973 Oldsmobile to a seemingly abandoned cabin in the woods. While in the cabin, Ash plays a tape of an archeology professor , reciting passages from the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis , which he has discovered during an archaeological dig. The recorded incantation unleashes an evil force which kills and later possesses the body of Linda. Ash is then forced to decapitate his girlfriend for his own safety. After he buries her, a spirit is seen on the hunt for Ash. Ash becomes briefly possessed by the demon, but when day breaks the spirit is gone, and Ash is back to normal. Ash finds little chance of safety, however, as the bridge leading to the cabin is destroyed. To make things worse, Ash is forced to sever his right hand, which has become possessed. While Ash is dealing with this force, the professor\'s daughter, Annie, and her research partner, Ed Getley, return from the dig with more pages of the Necronomicon in tow, only to find the destroyed bridge. They enlist the help of Jake and Bobby Joe to guide them along an alternate trail to the cabin. The four of them find an embattled Ash, who is, seemingly, slowly being driven insane due to his encounter with the demon, such as hallucinating that the room comes to life and begins laughing hysterically at him. At first, he is mistaken for a murderer by the four people because he shoots at them through the door , but they find out the truth after listening to a recording of Annie\'s father, Professor Knowby , that talked about how his wife Henrietta was possessed and buried in the cabin\'s cellar rather than dismembered. Ed is possessed and is soon killed by Ash. Bobby Joe tries to escape, but is attacked by the demon trees and dragged to her death. Annie translates two of the pages before Jake turns on them and throws the pages into cellar, holding them at gunpoint to force them to go look for Bobby Joe. Ash is possessed once again and turns on his remaining companions, incapacitating Jake. Annie retreats to the cabin and accidentally stabs Jake and drags him to the cellar door, where he is killed by Henrietta in a bloodbath. Ash tries to kill Annie, but returns to normal when he sees Linda\'s necklace, reminding him of her. Ash, with Annie\'s help, modifies the chainsaw and attaches it to where his right hand had been. Ash eventually finds the missing pages of the Necronomicon and kills Henrietta, turned into a long-necked monster. Annie chants an incantation that sends the evil force back to where it came from. The incantation opens up a whirling temporal portal which not only draws in the evil force, but nearby trees, the Oldsmobile, and Ash himself. Ash\'s possessed hand stabs Annie with the Kandarian dagger. Ash and his Oldsmobile land in what appears to be the Crusader-held Middle East in the year 1300 AD. He is then confronted by a group of knights who initially mistake him for a deadite, but they are quickly distracted when a real one actually shows up. Ash blasts the harpy-like deadite with his shotgun and is hailed as a hero who has come to save the realm, at which point he breaks down and screams "No!"'] ['An infection which appears to be caused by bacteria in the water turns out to be more. A fourteen-year-old student, Dannie, feels the real cause is linked to her recurring dreams. When the infection reaches an epidemic level, it becomes clear that this infection not only kills, but restores the body to a minimally functioning state where the infected become the "living-dead". This unique twist on the classic zombie theme centers around the highly-intuitive Dannie Jacobs and a group of four other middle school students who try to save their friends, their town and themselves in spite of the odds against them. While they are desperately trying to find an answer before it is too late, they meet researcher Sue, who may hold the key to the infection and Dannie\'s dreams.Pathogen  - Plot summary'] ["The movie begins in Leadville, Colorado. Trevor ([[Michael Welch  and his girlfriend, Nina , are in an abandoned building having a romantic encounter. They then head back to their respective parents' homes. They see a long line of cars at a military roadblock sealing off the city. An angry man yells at the officers because his child is sick and needs medical care. There has been an outbreak and medical help is needed throughout town. They are introduced to Captain Rhodes  and Corporal Sarah Cross . Soon after, privates Bud Crain  and Salazar  show up. Cross takes Bud to go with her while she visits her sick mother. When she arrives, Sarah talks to her brother  and checks in on her mother. She then goes to see Trevor's friend, Kyle, after she learns his symptoms are similar to her mother's. When Bud and Sarah arrive at Kyle's house, they find the mauled bodies of his parents stashed behind a curtain, with Kyle nowhere to be found. They radio Captain Rhodes and take Nina, Trevor, and their mom to the local hospital. There, Sarah talks to Dr. Logan  at the urging of Rhodes, while out in the waiting room all the infected become catatonic. Bud runs to alert Sarah, when all the infected suddenly reanimate. They turn into zombies, transforming while catatonic. They have super-human strength that allows them to run, jump long distances and even crawl on the ceiling. Nina and Trevor escape, seeking refuge in the local radio station, while Sarah, Salazar and Bud become trapped in an upstairs storage room in the hospital. After dispatching the infected Rhodes, who bites Bud's hand, the three escape from the hospital and make a stop at the gun store before rescuing Trevor and Nina from the radio station. The group heads back to the abandoned warehouse. Bud has turned, but is somehow able to think and does not attack his friends. Sarah believes Bud does not attack because he was a vegetarian, but Salazar speculates that Bud is attracted to Sarah. The group finds an underground bunker, where they reunite with Dr. Logan. They learn about a government project directed by Dr. Engel , which accidentally created the virus that turned the townspeople into zombies. The group explores the bunker, but Dr. Engel attacks and kills Logan. Later, Salazar is grabbed by zombies, giving Sarah a chance to escape and reunite with Trevor and Nina. In the room where they are hiding they find several large gas cylinders. Sarah decides to lure the zombies into the storeroom and burn them with the cylinders. They begin modifying the cylinders into a giant flamethrower. Sarah eventually finds a mob of zombies and shouts to get their attention. The zombified Dr. Engel drops down from the ceiling behind Sarah and grabs her, but before she is bitten, zombified Bud shoots at Engel. This leads to Engel and the other zombies to attack Bud, dismembering him. Sarah then leads the zombies to the room where Trevor and Nina are hiding, and they torch the zombies. The three escape the bunker, and drive off into the night. The movie ends with a surviving zombie jumping in front of the camera in screamer fashion."] ['The film opens where its predecessor left off. Mike flees from Boulton mortuary in the hearse, while Reggie is trapped inside by The Tall Man\'s spheres. Rather than kill Reggie, The Tall Man inexplicably lets him go. Mike\'s spherical brother Jody persuades a reluctant Reggie to go looking for Mike. On the way, Reggie is attacked by a mysterious psychopathic demon disguised as a police officer. Reggie escapes only after shooting, stabbing, and blowing up/burning the demon. Later, Reggie rescues a woman named Jennifer from her overturned car and takes her to the next town. They stay the night at an abandoned motel where Reggie tells her the story of The Tall Man. A disbelieving Jennifer rejects his advances before Reggie falls asleep and dreams of Mike. Disturbed, Reggie seeks solace from Jennifer and discovers she has two spheres where her breasts should be. The spheres attack Reggie, who manages to destroy one with a sledgehammer but is pinned to the wall by the other. In desperation he strikes his tuning fork and the sphere explodes. Reggie then dispatches the demon Jennifer with the sledgehammer before leaving. Mike, trying to uncover the mysteries of The Tall Man in order to escape his transformation, drives through abandoned towns and remembers the last days of his youth before The Tall Man\'s arrival. The Tall Man appears in the back of the car, assumes control of the automobile, and disappears into a coffin. Mike drives the hearse into Death Valley, where he as he writes his testament, he expresses his intent to force The Tall Man into a "final" confrontation. After attempted suicide and a brief meeting with The Tall Man, Mike passes through a space gate and arrives inside a 19th century, colonial-style house. Outside the house, he meets someone resembling The Tall Man: however, the man is kind and welcomes him cordially, introducing himself as Jebediah Morningside. The man tries to speak to a frightened Mike who flees and passes back through the gate. Back in Death Valley, Mike realizes that he can move rocks with the power of his mind. Jody appears, but a distrustful Mike accuses his brother of having abandoned him. After defending his behavior, Jody disappears. Mike begins working on the hearse\'s engine, seemingly using parts to build a makeshift sphere. Theorizing that Jebediah must somehow become The Tall Man after traveling through the space gate, Mike plans to prevent Jebediah\'s first journey. Mike goes through a gate, but finds himself in a deserted city and escapes The Tall Man only with Jody\'s help. Meanwhile, Reggie arrives at Death Valley and fights off a group of zombie dwarves shortly before Mike and Jody appear through a gate. Mike embraces Reggie and tells him not to trust Jody. Taking the tuning fork from Reggie, Mike and Jody pass through the gate and appear in Jebediah\'s house. Invisible to the old man, they witness how he perfects his craft and approaches the inter-dimensional gate. Mike unsuccessfully tries to stab Jebediah, who vanishes and moments later is replaced by the evil Tall Man who emerges in his place, having taken his form and used his human appearance as a disguise. Mike escapes through the gate and arrives in cemetery where he is attacked and overpowered by his brother. Awakening on a mortuary slab, Jody holds him down as The Tall Man attempts to saw Mike\'s head open. A panicking Mike strikes the tuning fork, immobilizing his opponents, and attacks Jody with sphere. The Tall Man quickly revives and telekinetically takes the fork from Mike. Again, Mike escapes through the gate back to Death Valley, this time pursued by his nemesis. Reggie tries to shoot but is overpowered by The Tall Man. Mike then summons the sphere he built and uses it to impale The Tall Man in the neck. Amused by what he calls Mike\'s "toy", The Tall Man is momentarily distracted. At this moment, Mike activates the hearse\'s motor, which turns out to be the true weapon  against the Tall Man. The Tall Man is once again supposedly vanquished after the explosion consumes both him and the car. However, a new Tall Man immediately comes through the gate, revealing that The Tall Man is but one of many. Resuming the surgery started by his predecessor, The Tall Man removes the golden sphere before passing through the gate. Close to death, Mike pleads for help before Reggie arms himself and chases after The Tall Man by passing through the gate. The final image Mike sees is a childhood memory of him climbing into Reggie\'s ice cream truck as they both drive off into the dark night.'] ["{{plot}} A television reporter named Angela Vidal  and her cameraman Scott Percival ([[Steve Harris  are assigned to follow firefighters Jake  and Fletcher  on their night shift. The crew responds to an emergency call from an apartment building. The apartment manager Yuri  says that he and other residents heard screams from the room of an old woman named Mrs. Espinoza , who has locked herself in her apartment. Jake, Fletcher, Yuri, police officers Danny  and James , and the camera crew go to the apartment, where they find Mrs. Espinoza in serious condition. She is bleeding severely and foaming at the mouth. Moments later, they are attacked by Espinoza who bites James in the neck. They take him downstairs for medical assistance, while Fletcher stays with a now sedated Mrs. Espinoza upstairs. However, when they get downstairs, they find the apartment doors have been locked from the outside, leaving everyone, including several residents, trapped inside. Upstairs, Fletcher is attacked by Mrs. Espinoza and thrown from the railing to the ground, leaving him in serious condition. Lawrence , a veterinarian, starts tending to the injured as best as possible. Angela and Scott return to Espinoza's apartment where they witness the cleaning woman die. Jake and Danny show up and find Espinoza, with blood on her mouth and dress and her eyes bleeding. She charges at them, but Danny shoots and kills her. Jake, Scott, and Angela head room to room to bring down anymore guests; they bring down Randy , Jwahir  and Nadif  , and Elise , a woman who has many similar symptoms as Mrs. Espinoza. The residents begin to panic as the CDC quarantines the building. Meanwhile, Angela interviews the tenants. A little girl named Briana  is sick with bronchitis and says that her dog Max is at the vet because he's sick as well. After the interviews, Lawrence explains more about the conditions of Fletcher, Elise, and James as they all have symptoms similar to those of rabies, however, presenting themselves at an alarming rate. Angela and Scott follow residents Bernard ([[Bernard White  and Sadie  back to their apartment to check the TV news. On the way, they witness Randy being killed by a dog who corners him in the elevator. Once inside the room, they watch the televised report where the Chief of Police  states to a news reporter  that everyone has been evacuated from the building, then the power goes out. Elise appears, turns violent and starts attacking the others, but Scott bashes her head in repeatedly with his camera, killing her. While going over the status of the tenants, Danny learns that Randy and the cleaning lady are dead, Jwahir has a paralytic father living with her and Nadif in their apartment, and a man from Boston that rented the attic apartment hasn't been seen for days. Two CDC Agents  wearing hazmat suits arrive and attempt to treat Fletcher and the policeman by taking a brain sample. Suddenly, Fletcher attacks and bites one of the inspectors. While evacuating, Lawrence is trapped with the infected and is bitten. The surviving health inspector reveals that the previous day, a dog was taken to a local veterinarian. The dog became violent and killed or infected the other pets at the clinic, causing them to be euthanized. The CDC traced the dog back to the apartment building. The CDC Agent tells the residents that this unknown but highly virulent disease turns people into bloodthirsty savages. Angela discovers that the infected dog was Briana's dog, Max. The remaining survivors become skeptical that Briana's illness is actually bronchitis. Suddenly, Briana becomes savage as well and bites her mother Kathy  before escaping upstairs. Kathy is handcuffed to the stair railing to stop her from trying to protect Briana. Angela, Scott, Jake and Danny find Briana in Mrs. Espinoza's apartment. When Danny attempts to sedate the girl, Briana bites him. When Mrs Espinoza attacks, Jake kills her with a sledgehammer. They rush downstairs only to find everyone else running upstairs in fear, for they find the infected have broken through the shutter. Jake tries to close the shutter, as Angela tries to free Kathy. When they can't find the key, Jake drags Angela upstairs leaving Kathy to die by the infected. As everyone runs upstairs, Jwahir and Nadif are both separated and bitten. Angela, Jake, Scott, Sadie, Bernard, Yuri, his wife Wanda , and CDC Agent lock themselves in an empty apartment. The CDC Agent locks himself in an adjacent room when he realizes he has been bitten. They also realize Sadie has been bitten when they notice she is eating her own fingers and soon after coughs up blood on herself. Bernard pleads with them not to kill Sadie, and out of desperation, attempts to break through the apartment window to call for help, but he is killed by a sniper positioned in a building across the street from the apartment. Yuri remembers another way out in the basement, where there is a large drain that is connected to the sewers, but the keys are in his apartment. Suddenly, the health inspector and Sadie succumb to the infection and bite Yuri and Wanda. As they try to escape, they must fight off the infected as they work toward Yuri's apartment as Jake uses the sledgehammer on the dog in the elevator. After Jake and Scott break Sadie's neck, the group reaches Yuri's apartment and find his key ring. Jake is bitten by Yuri, leaving Angela and Scott as the only survivors. Rather than making their way to the basement, they are forced upstairs to the attic apartment by Danny and the remaining infected. They search the apartment and discover that its former tenant was a member of a doomsday cult. He broke into a chemical weapons lab and stole a virus. As Angela and Scott continue through the apartment, a door opens from the attic and Scott uses the light on the camera to investigate. An infected boy  swats at the camera, breaking the light. Scott turns on the camera's night vision. Scott and Angela hear loud banging noises inside the apartment. When Scott looks around, he sees a ghoulishly emaciated man ([[Doug Jones  searching the kitchen area unaware of Angela and Scott's presence. Scott tries to escape but trips and is viciously attacked, dropping the camera. Angela retrieves it and sees the man eating Scott. Unable to control herself, she cries out and is subsequently attacked, dropping the camera in the process. Strangely unharmed, as the attack deflected off the camera, she crawls slowly through the darkness for almost ten seconds, in a vain attempt to escape. Suddenly, she is dragged backwards by her legs into the dark, screaming as the camera continues recording."] ['The duo of Jerry Miles and Mike Strager are employed as Broadway press agents. Miles and Strager\'s latest idea is to hire a genuine zombie for the opening of a new nightclub. The boys head to the Caribbean island of San Sebastian  where they meet the beautiful cabaret singer Jean la Dance. In exchange for her help, Jean wants passage off the island. Miles and Strager eventually meet up with the zombie expert Professor Renault. Unknown to them, the professor\'s zombie has captured Jean and brought her to the Professor\'s secret laboratory, While Miles and Strager investigate the house, Jean awakes to find herself gagged and strapped to a table as the Professor\'s next test subject. Before he can proceed to give Jean the serum his guard dogs detect intruders. Jean is quickly spirited to a secret dungeon where she is tied up but manages to escape. Strager becomes "zombified" by being under the spell of Renault\'s secret formula and Miles, la Dance, and Strager return home. When Strager comes out of his trance, the boys must face the wrath of Ace Miller, a nightclub owner, who is more frightening then anything they\'ve seen yet.'] ['The first scene sets up the danger of the "Sumatran Rat-Monkey", a hybrid creature that, "according to legend", resulted from the rape of tree monkeys on Skull Island by plague rats: Stewart, an explorer returning from the depths of the island with his guide and team, is carrying a rat-monkey in a cage and is stopped by fierce warrior natives that demand the return of the monkey. Stewart escapes with the cage to the rest of his team and a waiting Jeep, leaving his guide behind and the natives in hot pursuit. As the jeep takes off, Stewart\'s guide catches up and jumps on board. In the ensuing melee, Stewart gets bitten by the Rat-Monkey. Seeing the mark of the monkey\'s bite on his right hand, Stewart\'s men immediately hold down the infected explorer and amputate the appendage. A bite mark is then seen on his left arm, which swiftly results in the removal of that limb. Finally, they see a set of bloody scratches on Stewart\'s forehead and kill him. The title screen follows the man\'s dying scream, and as the opening credits roll the captured rat-monkey is shipped to Wellington Zoo in New Zealand. Wellington, 1957, Lionel Cosgrove lives with his domineering mother, Vera. To his mother\'s dismay, Lionel falls in love with a local shopkeeper\'s daughter, Paquita, and while snooping on the two during a visit to the zoo, Vera is bitten by the Sumatran Rat-Monkey; she subsequently crushes its head. The animal\'s bite slowly turns her into a ravenous zombie. Lionel is horrified, but, ever the dedicated son, is determined to care for her. Despite his efforts to keep her placated with periodic doses of veterinary anesthetic, Vera starts murdering other townspeople, turning them into zombies. He tries to keep them locked away in the basement, while simultaneously trying to maintain his relationship with the completely oblivious Paquita. Vera escapes, however, and is hit by a tram. As the townspeople assume she is dead, Lionel tranquilizes the still-kicking zombie for her funeral. After she is buried, he returns to the graveyard to administer more anesthetic, but is accosted by a gang of hoodlums. Vera bursts from her grave, resulting in more deaths and zombies. As their numbers grow, Lionel manages to keep the zombies under relative control with repeated injections, and tries to keep them concealed in his home. However, Lionel\'s uncle Les, arrives to try to wrangle with Lionel over his mother\'s estate. Uncle Les discovers the "corpses" and blackmails his nephew into giving up his inheritance in return for his silence. Lionel reluctantly administers poison to the zombies  and buries them, just as Uncle Les and a crowd of his friends arrive for a housewarming party. However, the "poison" turns out to be an animal stimulant, and since the zombies come from the bite of the animal , it only gives them even more energy. The zombies burst from the ground to attack and infect the party guests in a gory finale. Lionel, Paquita, Rita, and Les are now fighting hundreds of zombies, animated intestines and spinal cords, severed heads, and disembodied legs. Despite Rita and Les being killed in the process they successfully destroy all the zombies until Lionel\'s mother, who  has become a gargantuan monster, pursues Lionel and Paquita to the rooftop, where Lionel finally confronts his mother about the truth regarding his father\'s demise. She picks him up and stuffs him back into her womb, and in an over-the-top Freudian "rebirth", he cuts his way out of her grotesquely changed body and she falls into the fiery house below. Lionel and Paquita escape the burning building, and walk away arm-in-arm covered in gore, as the local fire department arrives on the scene to put out the flames.'] ['Peter Blood  is a young doctor who experiments with bringing the dead back to life. His early subject is the deceased husband of Linda Parker , a woman he is attracted to. Hidden in a Cornish tin mine, he conducts his ghastly experiments using curare to remove living, beating hearts from undeserving people in order to bring the deserving dead back to life.{{cite book}}'] ['The film begins with Alice  apparently waking up at the mansion, as in the beginning of the first Resident Evil. Alice defeats obstacles she had encountered or watched being encountered in the first film, though she is eventually killed by a bouncing mine. Her body is dumped into a pit that is full of Alice clones. The camera zooms out from the underground facility\'s camouflaged entrance. Despite all the Umbrella activities and attempts to quarantine and sanitize Raccoon City, the virus managed to leave the quarantine, and it has spread around the world. As organisms were infected, the environment became destroyed. Umbrella has placed facilities underground to prevent the human survivors from finding out about Umbrella\'s experiments. Five years after the spread, the rest of the world eventually turned into deserted wastelands. Meanwhile, the original Alice wanders the deserts of the Southwestern U.S. She has separated from the rest of her group for their own protection, as Umbrella is tracking her and she is afraid that they will kill anyone linked to her. She searches for supplies and travels on a motorcycle. Alice hears a call for help during this and goes to investigate, only to discover it is some survivors playing a cruel joke. They catch her and a man starts trying to sexually assault her. She warns him not to touch her, but he just slaps her, so she kicks him, killing him. Another man knocks her out. She wakes in a pit, and the sadistic survivors force her to face zombie dogs but she defeats them, also collapsing the ground, allowing the dogs to get up to the survivors and kill them. Alice escapes, unhurt. In the Umbrella facility, Dr. Sam Isaacs  considers Alice\'s re-capture a top priority since she has the ability to bond with the T-virus. He tries to persuade the Umbrella board that he can use her blood to develop a permanent cure, as well as tame the infected. The new Umbrella chairman Albert Wesker  refuses the re-capture, and orders Isaacs to use the clones to create a cure, with no authorization to recapture Alice until they are aware of her location and ability to capture her. Meanwhile, Claire Redfield\'s  convoy, which includes the Raccoon City survivors Carlos Olivera  and Lloyd "L.J." Jefferson Wade , along with new survivors K-Mart , Mikey ([[Chris Egan , Chase  and Nurse Betty ([[Ashanti  along with others, travels cross-country, looking for medical supplies, food, water, gas, and permanent shelter. One day, in a deserted town, while searching for supplies, L.J. is bitten, but keeps it a secret. The next morning, the convoy is attacked by infected crows, whom Claire deduces were feeding on the infected flesh. The crows almost overpower the convoy, killing Nurse Betty and taking out the flamethrower operator, causing the weapon to careen out of control. Alice appears and saves Carlos and others. She uses her psionic powers to cover the sky with a blanket of fire from the flamethrower, killing the remaining crows. But after that she passes out, having pushed her powers to the limit. Carlos catches her, holding her close, hinting that they may become close. She comes round later, safe with the covoy and being watched over by K-Mart. She is introduced to Claire, giving her a diary she found. The book claims there is a "safe zone" in Alaska. Alice and Carlos convince Claire to take her convoy to Alaska. They agree to go to Las Vegas to search for supplies for their trip to Alaska. Meanwhile, in the facility, Dr. Isaacs\' attempts to domesticate the infected have led to a new zombie breed. Wesker\'s security officer, Captain Slater , is adamant about Isaacs not disregarding Umbrella\'s regulations. Slater does admit that the "super zombies"  would be useful, but reiterates that Isaacs is out of control with his new horde, and he is losing his mind trying to re-capture Alice. Umbrella triangulates Alice\'s location based on her psionic abilities. Dr. Isaacs has a crate of his new zombies sent to ambush the convoy, against Wesker\'s orders. Most of the convoy, including Chase and Mikey, are killed in the ambush and Carlos is infected by L.J. as he turns. Umbrella tries to shut Alice down remotely, but she breaks free from their programming and continues to fight. She finds and kills the Umbrella team at the scene and Isaacs becomes infected as he flees. Alice and K-Mart use Isaacs\' computer to track the helicopter\'s flight path, leading to Umbrella\'s underground location. The convoy arrives at the site, which is surrounded by infected. Carlos begins to slowly succumb to the virus, and he sacrifices himself by plowing his truck into the infected mob and blowing them up, giving Alice and Claire time to load survivors into the helicopter. Alice decides to stay behind. She finds the pit full of her clones, and determined, enters the facility. Ordered by Wesker to liquidate Isaacs, Slater finds him locked in his lab, injecting himself with massive doses of anti-virus in an attempt to counteract the infection, which causes him to mutate from overdosing. Slater shoots Dr. Isaacs, triggering his mutation into a powerful Tyrant, and he devours Slater instantly. Issacs kills all the facility employees, but the facility\'s AI, the White Queen  manages to temporarily lock him in the facility\'s lower levels. Entering the facility, Alice meets the White Queen, who informs Alice that her blood is the cure to the T-virus and puts the facility at her disposal to develop a cure. She then tells Alice about Isaacs. Alice agrees to deal with him. On her way to the lab\'s lower levels, Alice discovers one of her clones, still in development. The clone awakens, but seems to die from premature exposure. During a battle between Isaacs and Alice, they find themselves in a replica of the Hive\'s laser corridor. The grid activates and slices Isaacs apart. Just as Alice is about to meet the same fate, the system is deactivated by her clone, who has inexplicably revived. Meanwhile, Claire has left with survivors in the helicopter for Alaska. Later, in Tokyo, Japan, Wesker informs the rest of the Umbrella board that the North American facility has been destroyed and now rendered unstable, and he will now control everything from Japan. Alice\'s hologram makes an appearance, declaring that she is coming for him and Umbrella. Standing beside her clone, Alice looks out onto the hundreds of pods containing her developing clones, as the scene blacks out.'] ["The story tells of a young man who defends his town from evil forces, aided by a magic sword. He saves a girl called Sarah from a malevolent evil that has begun plaguing a farmland town, in search of an amulet that had belonged to Sarah's uncle. The couple set out to get to Sarah's house safely, while traveling through streets, fields, churches and underground tunnels and being pursued by hordes of demonic creatures.Fading of the cries - DVD Drama.com"] ['Three construction workers discover an abandoned cave and are promptly attacked by a creature not shown on screenDVD review at Cinenews. Afterwards, the population of the city of Athens is turned into zombies, while the last remaining group of people attempt to surviveDVD review at DVDtown.'] ['Six friends, Christian , David , Kate , Johnny , Sara  and Melody , are traveling in an R.V. to get to the wedding of their friend, Kelly , in Galveston, Texas. However they become lost in a small town called Lovelock, and decide to spend the night at the local Bed & Breakfast, owned by the creepy Mr Wise . While staying, the group insult the chef, Henri , causing an argument to break out. After everyone goes to bed, David goes to the kitchen to get a snack, only to discover Henri brutally murdered, before Mr Wise suffers a heart attack. With the phone line broken it takes until morning for the Sheriff , and his Deputy, Enus ([[Mark Kelly , to be summoned for help. The Sheriff is quick to suspect the group, and takes the keys to the R.V. away, so they can not leave the town until the investigation is over. The group goes into town, while the Sheriff arrests a mysterious drifter , who quickly becomes the prime suspect. The drifter warns Christian and Sara of ancient exotic wooden box, that Sara realizes belongs to Mr Wise. However it is too late, as Johnny arrives back at the bed & breakfast and opens the box, unleashing the "Kuman Thong" which possesses him, causing him to savagely murder various people. Meanwhile, Christian and Sara meet town local Lisa Belmont  who swears she saw Mr Wise dig up the body of his dead son and perform a form of black magic on the body. Sara and Christian return to the bed & breakfast and discover Johnny has opened the box. Sara and Christian alert the Sheriff, who drives them to a local party, that David, Kate and Melody are attending with the rest of the town folk. The possessed Johnny arrives and a bloody massacre ensues, with the town folk, including Enus, becoming zombies as Johnny puts various body parts of his victims in the box. In the chaos, Christian is decapitated as David, Kate, Sara and Melody escape with the Sheriff in a truck. They accidentally run over the drifter, knocking him unconscious after he escapes from his prison cell. Taking him with them, the radiator soon blows in the truck, forcing the group to take shelter in the bed & breakfast. They gather weapons, before the drifter tells them they must retrieve the body of Mr Wise to kill Johnny. The zombies arrive at the bed & breakfast and the group fend them off, before the Sheriff, Melody and the drifter sneak out the back door to retrieve the bones of Mr Wise. At the bed & breakfast, the zombies retrieve some of David\'s blood that was on the step of the house, placing it in the box causing him to become possessed. David beats Kate to death with a metal pole, before attacking Sara. However Sara manages to kill David with a chainsaw. At the cemetery, the Sheriff, Melody and the drifter retrieve the body of Mr Wise and perform a black magic spell, taking the bones from the body. As they travel to the bed & breakfast they encounter a group of zombies. The Sheriff has his neck snapped, killing him, before Lisa arrives and rescues the drifter and Melody, who continue on to the bed & breakfast. Meanwhile, at the bed & breakfast, the zombies break in. Sara fights them, but is soon cornered. The drifter and Melody arrive outside, where Melody shoots Johnny through the heart with a bone from the body of Mr Wise, killing him and the other zombies. Sara reunites with Melody and the drifter, and together they leave Lovelock in their R.V.'] ['Soldiers of the British army clear a small collection of farmhouses with two scientists who take a tissue sample from a deceased civilian who appears to have been reanimated, then shot. The film\'s first chapter, "The Outbreak," begins in the city of London, emphasizing both the dismissive and paranoid reactions of the population to an unspecified disease outbreak that is gradually making its way to Britain. The film then moves to footage of a documentary crew\'s travel to the countryside, where, in the process of filming material related to the virus, the characters encounter the zombie outbreak firsthand. The story of these four individuals is revisited in the second half of the movie. The second chapter, "The Scavengers," takes place one month later. Two men  and one woman travel around in a small car armed only with a rifle, in search of food and radio parts. The final chapter, "The Survivors," tells the story of a larger group of uninfected people who have set up camp on a farm. They divide their time doing reconnaissance of surrounding areas, holding off the endless stream of incoming zombies, and bickering amongst themselves. In the opening scene of the chapter, the audience watches as "the survivors" calmly execute the approaching infected. By the conclusion, in which the film goes back in time to the first nights of the documentary crew at the beginning of the first diary , the word "survivors" becomes an ironic title, as all but one are killed by two uninfected psychopaths. Both of the murderers also survive, one having disappeared after helping slaughter the film crew and the other kills off the "survivors".'] ['This original story marries three different elements into one plot. The movie is basically a film noir, where a self-destructive, down-and-out investigator takes on a case that may be more than he can handle. Incorporating standard elements like a beautiful woman, excessive drinking and subtle voiceover, the piece is set up like a standard detective film. Later a science fiction angle, which is part conspiracy and part nouveau alchemy, is introduced. This component, to some degree, extends the common understanding of quantum physics. Within this framework the unbelievable is now possible and the story is set up for special effects and general creepiness. One final ingredient is comedy. Mostly situational, the laughs come from the somewhat uncommon characters thrown together in this extraordinary scenario. Rather than punchlines; reactions, comparisons and slapstick are used to ease the tension and create a more fun atmosphere. Not to be forgotten, this is first and foremost a horror movie. Where the film consists of a variety of different genre elements, Aversion is simply a suspenseful film of demonic possession.'] ["When slave traders bring back an evil voodoo entity that is accidentally freed by the Confederate Army during the Civil War. The entity possesses the bodies of the dead soldiers to create an army of its own bent on conquest, using the corpses of both the North and South. When both Union and Confederate soldiers are mysteriously murdered by the entity during the Civil War, the opposing troops must overcome their differences and band together to investigate the gruesome deaths. It soon becomes apparent that these killers are anything but human. Instead, they are a maniacal regiment of supernatural forces, and it is solely up to these united American soldiers to fight the slaughterous evil of the Ghost Brigade. The film centers around Captain John Harling, a Union army man that has been awaiting his parole but it is cut short when there are unusual murders of Union troops. To discover the culprits behind this Harling seeks Colonel Nehemiah Strayn, a former Confederate regiment commander, now sitting in a Union prison at Bowling Green who was once Harling's teacher. The two officers, along with Colonel George Thalman supervising, set out with a small detachment of troops and a runaway slave named Rebecca. When they reach the site where several Union troops were murdered, Strayn tells about what happened to his regiment, whose gruesome end happened at the same place where the Union corpses were found. After leaving the site and wandering deeper into Tennessee, they come across a group of Confederate soldiers, who quickly surrender much to the surprise of the Union troops. The Confederate in charge tells Thalman that their group was attacked by a band of undead troops who took many of his men away, yet he was unaware of why he and his people were taken. Thalman, deciding that they required reinforcements, took off leaving Harling in charge. But during the night, while Strayn & Rebecca are talking just a few yards away from the camp, they are assaulted by Stayn's old regiment, now a bunch of walking zombies. His former second-in-command, Major Josiah Elkins, tells him to lead this new regiment. Strayn refuses the offer however, and escapes with Rebecca to the camp. Strayn warns everyone at the camp and they all hide behind the carts that the Confederates had with them and waited until the zombie soldiers approached them. After holding them off, they are surprised to see Thalman reappear again, but he has been changed. So after being burned by Rebecca he returns to his former self. But before he dies, he puts Harling in charge, in hopes that Harling would see the men out. The next day, since they don't have time to leave the area, they set a trap for the Ghost Brigade. Using Strayn to lure them back to the Union camp, he surprises them by picking up a pistol and killing one of them with a silver bullet which was created from the silver that the Confederates were carrying. The Ghost Brigade goes into a fury and attacks the joint Union/Confederate troops, who were positioned behind a trench filled with water and wagons turned into barricades. Strayn personally fights with Elkins in hand-to-hand combat before Elkins stabs him. But before he can finish Strayn, Rebecca leaps on top of him. The short struggle continues until Rebecca shoots Elkins by aiming at her chest when he was behind her. While barely alive, Harling realizes that she is infected and has to be shot. Strayn tries to intervene but Rebecca is shot. The last remaining zombie soldier cries over Elkin's corpse before he is shot by Harling. With the Ghost Brigade defeated, they head back for Union territory, where Strayn is sent back to Bowling Green prison for a short period, before he escapes and rejoins the Confederate Army. He fights with distinction during the battles of Gettysburg and other major Civil War battles, but his unusual stand against slavery alienates many of his countrymen. While Strayn is fighting in the Confederate Army Harling decides to not take his parole and stay with the Union Army for duration of the war, serving under General U.S. Grant for the remainder of the Civil War. The film ends with Harling telling the story of Strayn going back to the creek where his regiment was murdered, where he is never seen again."] ["A spaceship from a previously unknown planet lands in the Scottish moors, bringing an alien creature to earth near the observatory of Professor Elliot , just days before the planet will pass closest to the earth. When the professor and his friend, American reporter John Lawrence , discover the creature, they help it when it is in distress and try to communicate with it, but fail. They leave, and the alien follows them home. A colleague of the professor, the unscrupulous and ambitious scientist Dr. Mears , discovers how to communicate with the creature and tries to get from it by force the formula for the metal the spaceship is made of. He shuts off the alien's breathing apparatus and leaves it for dead, telling the professor that communication was hopeless. Soon, Lawrence discovers that the alien is gone, as is the professor's daughter, Enid . Tommy, the village constable , reports that others from the village are missing as well. Lawrence takes the constable to the site where the spaceship has been, but it is no longer there. With more people now missing &ndash; including Mears &ndash; the phone lines dead and the village in a panic, they get word to Scotland Yard by using a heliograph to contact a passing freighter. When an Inspector  and sergeant fly in and are briefed on the situation, it is decided that the military must destroy the spaceship. Lawrence objects that doing so will also kill the people who are under the alien's control. With the mysterious planet due to reach its closest distance to the earth at midnight, Lawrence is given until 11:00 to rescue them. He sneaks up to the ship, and learns from Mears that the alien intends the ship to become a wireless relay station in advance of an invasion from its home planet, which is dying. Lawrence orders the enthralled villagers to leave and attacks the alien, shutting off its breathing apparatus, then escapes with Enid and the professor. Mears, however, returns to the ship and is killed when the military destroys the ship, just before the planet approaches and then recedes back into outer space."] ['The story focuses on a theatre troupe, led by Alan . He is a mean-spirited director, who travels with the others by boat to a small island for buried criminals to have a night of fun and games. Once on the island Alan tells his group he calls his "children" numerous stories relating to the island\'s history and buried inhabitants. At midnight using a grimoire, Alan begins a séance to raise the dead after digging up the body of a man named Orville Dunworth . Though the original intent of the ritual may have been solely as a joke, Alan appears disappointed that nothing happens. Afterwards the party continues and Alan goes to extremes to degrade the actors, using the corpse of Orville for his own sick jokes. Then, however, animated by the fell ritual, the dead return to life and force the troupe to take refuge in the old house. They must decide whether it is best to stay put until day  all try to escape through the pitch-black cemetery and forest to the boat, or have one person try this and bring back help. Unfortunately for the group, the dead get their revenge, and in the movie\'s closing credits we see the group of corpses boarding Alan\'s boat with the lights of Miami in the background.'] ['{{plot}} The movie opens with the first trailer of Machete. In a rural town in Texas, go-go dancer \'Cherry Darling\'  decides to quit her low-paying job and find another use for her numerous \'useless\' talents. She runs into her mysterious ex-boyfriend \'El Wray\' ([[Freddy Rodriguez  at the Bone Shack, a BBQ restaurant owned by JT Hague  and his sheriff brother . Meanwhile, a group of military officials at a nearby US military base, led by the demented Lt. Muldoon , are making a business transaction with a chemical engineer named Abby  for mass quantities of a deadly biochemical agent known as DC2 . When Muldoon learns that Abby has an extra supply on hand, he attempts to take Abby hostage, and Abby intentionally releases the gas into the air. The gas reaches the town and turns most of its residents into deformed bloodthirsty psychopaths, mockingly referred to as "sickos" by the surviving humans. The infected townspeople are treated by the sinister Dr. William Block  and his unhappy, unfaithful bisexual anesthesiologist wife Dakota  at a local hospital. Random zombie attacks begin along the highway, leading El Wray, with Cherry as his passenger, to crash his truck. In the aftermath, several zombies tear off Cherry\'s right leg. Also falling victim, fatally, is Tammy ([[Fergie , who was on her way to into town to reunite with her former lover Dakota. When Tammy\'s body arrives at the hospital, Dr. Block recognizes her and by comparing text messages on the cellular phones of Tammy and his wife, realizes Dakota was about to leave him. He then attacks Dakota with her own anesthetic syringe needles, stabbing her repeatedly in the hands, rendering them useless, before locking her in a closet to tend to other patients, including multiple arrivals showing signs of infection and Cherry, who despite her injury does not die. El Wray is disarmed and detained by Sheriff Hague based on past encounters between the two men. As the patients transform into zombies, El Wray leaves the police station and arrives at the hospital, attaching a wooden table leg to Cherry\'s stump. As El Wray and Cherry fight their way out of the zombie-infested hospital, Dakota escapes to her car, but in struggling to open its door with her numbed hands, accidentally breaks her left wrist. She eventually manages to drive away. Meanwhile, Block becomes infected and others, including Cherry and El Wray, take refuge at the Bone Shack. Dakota retrieves her son Tony and takes him to her father, Earl McGraw, a Texas Ranger. Tony, who was given a revolver by his mother, accidentally shoots himself in the face after being told not to point it at himself. Cherry and El Wray make love in JT\'s bedroom. Due to a missing reel, what happens immediately following this is unknown, but when the film returns, Sheriff Hague has been shot in the neck by one of his own officers, and zombies are massing outside the Bone Shack, which is set on fire. Dakota, Earl, and Tony\'s crazed babysitter twins arrive at the Bone Shack. With Sheriff Hague badly injured, the group decides to flee to the Mexican border, before being stopped by a large mob of zombies. Muldoon\'s men arrive, and kill the zombies before arresting the group. They learn from Abby that the soldiers are stealing Abby\'s supply of the gas because they are infected with it and the only treatment is by constant inhalation of the gas, which delays mutation. They also learn that a small percentage of population is immune to the gas, suggesting a possible treatment, which is why Muldoon quarantined the survivors. As Cherry and Dakota are taken away by two soldiers , the others defeat the security guards. J.T. sustains a gunshot wound in the process, and the group searches for Muldoon. Discovered by El Wray and Abby, Muldoon explains that he killed Osama bin Laden before he and his men were infected with DC2 and were ordered to protect the area. El Wray offers a respectful recognition of Muldoon\'s military service before he and Abby shoot the mutating Muldoon. Meanwhile, Cherry is forced to dance by Rapist #1 while being held at gunpoint. Cherry attacks by breaking off her wooden leg across his face and stabs the remaining jagged-point in his eye. Dakota, after realizing she has regained feeling in her hands, quick-draws her syringe launcher and stuns Rapist #2. El Wray and Abby arrive to rescue Cherry and Dakota, and El Wray replaces Cherry\'s broken wooden leg with a modified M4 Carbine with a M203 grenade launcher attachment. She promptly kills Rapist #1 and other zombies with it. J.T., wounded and lying beside his dying brother, stays behind to detonate explosives  to eliminate the zombies still in the complex while the others flee. The survivors make plans to escape by stealing helicopters but must fight past the remaining zombies. Abby dies  when a ballistic projectile blows his head up. An infected Block then arrives and is killed by Earl, shortly before the survivors use the blade tips of their transport helicopter to decapitate all the remaining zombies. However, while saving Cherry from a zombie, El Wray is fatally wounded. In the epilogue, Cherry  leads the group and many more survivors to the Caribbean beach at Tulum, Mexico, where they start a peaceful new society amid a world-wide zombie infection. In the final moments of the film, it is revealed that Cherry Darling has given birth to El Wray\'s daughter . In a post-credits scene Dakota\'s son Tony is sitting on the beach at the survivor\'s "base" playing with his turtle, scorpion, and tarantula.'] ["Edges of Darkness tells the tales of three groups of survivors held up in an apartment complex during a zombie apocalypse. With their food supply dwindling, a vampire couple kidnaps a young girl. They intend to bleed her slowly to survive, but things don't go exactly as planned. Dean, an obsessed horror writer is holed up with his neglected wife, Dana. Dean keeps his sanity by burying himself in his writing. He installs a new processor to run his computer on their limited generator power, but soon finds out there's a high price to pay. Heather, a survival nut, rescues a young mother and her son from a horde of zombies. She takes them back to the complex. However, she soon discovers the mother and son are on the run from a group of renegade priests hellbent on destroying the boy.EDGES OF DARKNESS director opens his TRAP"] ["The story revolves around a wealthy older couple who are murdered during a robbery by three young perpetrators. The event results in a supernatural reversal of time, symbolized by the fast, counter-clockwise movement of hands on the house's many clocks. Eventually, this leads to the resurrection of the older couple, who subsequently seek to terrorize the three burglars."] ['The story begins with a military truck transporting barrels of Trioxin. These barrels contain the substance from original Return of the Living Dead, which caused a zombie outbreak. The soldiers driving this truck  driving through a downpour, don\'t notice when a barrel breaks loose from the truck, which falls into a river near new housing development in the town of Westvale. The barrel is found by some boys who release Trioxin gas, which subsequently enters a nearby cemetery causing the dead to return once again. Several actors from Return of the Living Dead Part 1  as different characters. The "Tar-Man" zombie from part 1 also appears.'] ["Studying under a disciple of Aleister Crowley, the leader of an upper class group invokes a supernatural force that slowly devours the village of Marienbad and its inhabitants, threatening to spread beyond its geographical limits. The mayor from the town nearby commissions the building of a dam which would flood the valley and therefore submerge the village forever sealing the evil force under water after leader and his followers were incapacitated to be kept from escaping. However, fate ensured the leader's freedom as he remained in the depths when the waters covered Marienbad. Now 40 years later an array of disappearances and deaths in mysterious circumstances are threatening the town next to the reservoir that now covers Marienbad."] ['This movie opens with a news montage explaining that it is set in a dystopic near-future in which George W. Bush has been elected to a fourth term. The United States Congress has been disbanded; public nudity is banned; the United States is embroiled in wars with France, Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, Syria, Venezuela, Canada, and Alaska. With more wars than there are soldiers to fight them, a secret laboratory run by Dr. Chushfeld  in fictional Sartre, Nebraska, has developed a virus to re-animate dead Marines and send them back into battle. However, this virus has broken containment and infected test subjects and scientists, and they are at risk of escaping the lab. A team of Marines codenamed the "Z" Squad is sent in to destroy the zombies. One of the Marines named Byrdflough  is bitten but escapes. He ends up in an alley outside an underground strip club named "Rhino". The Marine dies and awakens as a zombie who goes into the strip club. "Rhino" is run by Ian Essko . A new stripper named Jessy  has arrived at the club to save up enough money for her grandmother\'s operation. She is introduced to the club\'s star dancer, Kat . Kat begins her dance on the stage, but is attacked by Byrdflough. Essko is concerned about losing his best dancer, so he lets her go back on stage as a zombie. To everyone\'s surprise, Kat is a better and more popular dancer as a zombie than she was as a human. The other strippers now find themselves faced with the prospect of losing their customers, as the customers prefer zombie strippers to human strippers. One by one, the human strippers become zombies, some by choice in order to compete or  for fun. During private dances, the zombie strippers bite and kill their customers. Essko tries to keep the zombies hidden in a cage in the club\'s cellar, but eventually, the zombies escape and overrun the club. Kat and the underrated stripper Jeanni  fight for supremacy. The remaining humans in the club struggle to survive until the "Z" Squad burst in to destroy the zombies. But they discover that the zombies were allowed to escape by the Bush Administration, in the hopes that the ensuing zombie plague would distract Americans from their gross mishandling of the war effort and the economy.'] ['In the near future, the entire world is struck with a bizarre malady which affects every girl between the ages of 15 and 17 years old. Victims first experience a period of giddiness called "Near Death Happiness"  before expiring. Within minutes of death the victim rises again as a flesh-eating zombie—a "Stacy". These Stacies run amok until they are cut into pieces in an act called a "Repeat-Kill" . The government has organized the poorly-trained "Romero Repeat-Kill Troops," who ride around on garbage trucks, ordered to act out the disposal of the Stacies. By law, a Stacy may only be Repeat-Killed by her loved ones or the Romero Repeat Kill Troops. Through research, it is discovered that a key to the Stacy phenomenon is the "Butterfly Twinkle Powder"  that accumulates on the Stacies\' skin.'] ['Some time after the events of Dawn of the Dead, zombies have overrun the world. The remaining fragments of the U.S. government and military hide out in fortified enclaves, attempting to find both survivors and a solution to the zombie phenomenon. Survivors Sarah, John, McDermott, and Miguel arrive in Fort Myers, Florida, encounter a zombie horde, and escape to an underground Army base in the Everglades, where a small group of scientists search for a way to stop or reverse the zombie process, assisted by a skeleton crew of Army soldiers. Dr. Logan, the lead scientist, believes that zombies can be trained to become docile, and accordingly has amassed a collection of zombie test subjects, over the objection of base-commander Capt. Rhodes. The tension between the soldiers and the scientists is worsened by dwindling supplies, loss of communication with other survivors, and a lack of progress in research. During a zombie wrangling mission, two soldiers are killed after a zombie escapes its harnesses; whereupon Miguel attempts to kill the creature, but is bitten on the arm, which Sarah amputates to stop the spreading infection. Rhodes then calls off the experiment and demands all specimens to be destroyed. Dr. Logan, meanwhile, continues his research, being especially proud of Bub, a docile zombie who remembers parts of his past life. Sarah is mortified when she learns Logan has been using the bodies of the dead soldiers in his research, and devises a plan to escape the complex with John and Miguel. Their plans are thwarted by Capt. Rhodes, who kills Logan; locks Sarah and McDermott inside the zombie corral; murders Dr. Fisher, a fellow scientist; and attempts to force John, their helicopter pilot, to fly them away from the complex, which John refuses. Bub finds the corpse of Dr. Logan, and in a display of human emotion, breaks into tears, while Miguel, in attempting suicide, allows the zombies to enter the complex and is devoured in the process. While two soldiers investigate, John overcomes Rhodes and another soldier, steals their weapons, and goes to find Sarah and McDermott, while the zombies kill the remaining soldiers. Rhodes attempts to escape, but is shot by Bub and killed by a nearby zombie horde. John reunites with Sarah and McDermott and they escape to the surface. Sarah boards the helicopter, only to be attacked by a zombie inside; but wakes to find that the final zombie attack was a dream and that they are now living on a tropical island.'] ['After the death of his parents and brother, 24-year-old musician Jody Pearson is raising his 13-year-old brother Mike in a small town disturbed by the mysterious deaths of its citizens. Reggie, a family man and ice cream vendor, joins the brothers in their suspicions that the local mortician, dubbed the Tall Man, is responsible for the deaths. Mike relays his fears to a fortuneteller and her granddaughter about the possibility of Jody departing and leaving him in the care of his aunt, along with his suspicions about the Tall Man. Mike is shown a small black box and told to put his hand into it. After the box grips his hand, Mike is told not to be afraid and as the panic subsides, the box relaxes its grip. The notion of fear itself as the killer is established and is what propels Mike toward his final confrontation in the film with the Tall Man. Mike is pursued by minions of the Tall Man, alien dwarves , who are made from the bodies of the recently deceased, and tries to convince his brother of what is happening. After convincing his brother and Reggie, they find a strange white room with containers in the mausoleum. There is also a gateway to another planet that Mike enters briefly where he sees the alien dwarves that have hunted him through the movie being used as slaves. While trying to escape the Tall Man, Reggie is stabbed and appears to die while Mike and Jody barely escape. They devise a plan to lure the Tall Man into a local deserted mine shaft and trap him inside. After doing so successfully, Mike wakes with a start in his house, lying by the fireplace with Reggie sitting next to him. Reggie tells Mike he was simply having a bad dream, something that has been a common occurrence since Jody died in a car crash. Mike goes into his room where the Tall Man is waiting and an alien dwarf pulls Mike through his bedroom mirror.'] ["An apparently abandoned yacht drifts into New York Harbor. When the Harbor Patrol investigates, a huge decomposing man kills one of the officers by biting his neck. The remaining officer shoots the hulking man, a zombie, who topples into the sea. The body of the deceased officer is deposited in the morgue. Ann Bolt  is questioned by the police, since the boat belonged to her father . She only knows that her father left for a tropical island to do research. Reporter Peter West ([[Ian McCulloch  is assigned by his news editor  to report on the mysterious boat. Anne and Peter meet on the boat and discover a note from Anne's father saying he is on the island of Matool  suffering from a strange disease. Anne and Peter decide to investigate together. They arrive in the tropics and enlist the aid of a seafaring couple, Bryan Curt  and Susan Barrett , to help find the island. Matool is a cursed place where the dead rise to attack the living. Dr. David Menard ([[Richard Johnson , a resident on the island and physician at the local mission, is investigating its secrets. His contemptuous, highly strung wife Paola  wants to leave the island in fear of the increasing zombie attacks, but Menard insists on staying to continue his research. Anne, Peter, Brian, and Susan reach Matool. As they investigate, the zombies attack en masse, killing most of the mission's occupants, including Dr. Menard. Susan is later killed and returns as a zombie, infecting Brian. Peter and Anne escape by boat, taking the reanimated Brian with them as evidence. On reaching the open ocean, however, they receive a radio report that a plague of zombies has attacked New York City."] ['A mutated strain of mad cow disease infects the Irish countryside, turning people into ravenous, flesh-eating zombies. Caught amid this chaos are a young Spanish tourist and the local gravedigger. Together, this unlikely duo must fight for survival or become part of the Zombie Fest. The gravedigger is also furnished with a deadly shovel, presumably used for digging graves and/or slaying zombies, dragons and other mythological creatures.'] ['In 1978 a meteorite fell in the Swiss mountains, releasing a deadly virus which killed everyone within 20 miles. The incident was covered up by local officials. Now thirty years later the virus is released on an unsuspecting island off the coast of Britain. A group of survivors must band together in order to survive the death and destruction of the once friendly locals.Invasion of the Not Quite Dead by Antony Lane'] ['The three short sequences are based on the following Poe tales: "Morella", "The Black Cat" which is combined with another Poe tale, "The Cask of Amontillado"<ref name"Morella""The Black Cat""The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar" Dying from a painful disease, M. Valdemar  employs a hypnotist, Mr. Carmichael , to alleviate his suffering by putting him under various trances. He then remains between the world of the living and the dead. In a trance, Valdemar begs Carmichael to release his soul so he can die but Carmichael cruelly refuses. Months pass and Valdemar\'s putrifying body remains in his bed under the complete control of Carmichael. The hypnotist tries to force Valdemar\'s wife Helene  to marry him. When she refuses, he attacks her. Valdemar\'s putrid body rises from the bed and kills Carmichael. Helene is rescued by Valdemar\'s physician  and carried from the scene of horror.'] ['When attempts to break into the pop business leaves him with nothing but a bloody nose songwriter Jason Jones  decides to take a break with "Hairy Holidays", an outfit run by shifty, gay travel agent Pollock . After failing to chat Jason up, Pollock sends him to pseudo-health farm- Brittlehurst Manor. On the train journey there Jason meets Judy  who is also on the way to the same destination to meet her long lost Aunt. Both are unaware that the health farm  is a front for Dr Storm  and his lobotomy experiments that turn wayward hippies into his mindless zombie slaves. The wheelchair bound Doctor surrounds himself with an entourage that including Judy\'s aunt, and erstwhile brothel madam, Olga , dwarf Frederick  and numerous zombie bikers thugs. Dr Storm also has a Rolls Royce fitted with a giant blade that decapitates escapees and interfering parties. Abraham  arrives at the Horror Hospital "looking for his chick" and is promptly whacked around the head by the motorcycle zombies. Frederick, fed up at literally being Storm\'s whipping boy helps the kids escape- paving the way for Seventies youth to put the final spanner in the works of Storm\'s scheme.'] ['Three years after a zombie apocalypse, survivors have set up outposts across the United States, one of which, in Pittsburgh, contains a feudal-like government. Bordered on two sides by rivers and on the third by an electric fence, the city has become a sanctuary, with the rich and powerful living in luxury on the Fiddler\'s Green while the rest of the population subsists in squalor. The city\'s ruler Paul Kaufman  has sponsored Dead Reckoning, a heavily armored vehicle that can travel through the zombie-infested areas with ease. Armed with remote-controlled heavy machine guns and video cameras, Dead Reckoning functions as a moving fireworks launch base, on the premise that zombies are fascinated by fireworks and will stare at them, ignoring their environs. Riley Denbo , designer and commander of Dead Reckoning, has recently retired. Unlike Kaufman, Riley is respected for his work in protecting the city from danger, as well as for bringing critical food and medical supplies which the citizens can no longer acquire safely themselves. Using the moving anti-dead tank, Dead Reckoning, Riley and crew ventured into the neighboring cities that are overrun with zombies in order to procure supplies from abandoned stores and warehouses. One of the interesting things they noticed on these missions is that many of the zombies appear to exhibit some kind of thought process or planning. One such zombie, "Big Daddy" ([[Eugene Clark , who was a gas station owner in life, is shown to be especially capable of comprehending and learning. Back in the protected city, Riley discovers Chihuahua  entertaining his bar\'s patrons by bear-baiting a woman, Slack , to some zombies. Riley and Charlie  save Slack but kill Chihuahua and all three are shortly arrested. Slack reveals she was being executed on Kaufman\'s orders, because she works for Mulligan , a former co-worker of Riley\'s trying to instigate rebellion among the poor. Meanwhile, the assassin Cholo DeMora , second in command of Dead Reckoning, is denied an apartment in Fiddler\'s Green. Upon being rebuffed, Cholo threatens to destroy Fiddler\'s Green with the Dead Reckoning, seized by himself and his assistants Pretty Boy , Mouse , Anchor , and Foxy . Zombies attack as they are leaving, but Cholo orders his crew not to intervene. Kaufman sends Riley to stop Cholo, alongside Manolete , Motown , and Pillsbury . Manolete is bitten and subsequently executed by Slack. Once they come across Dead Reckoning, Riley devises a plan to approach the vehicle alone. Against Riley\'s orders, Charlie, Slack, and Pillsbury follow him, but they disable Motown and leave her behind on the grounds of her loyalty to Kaufman. Cholo realises that Riley is working for Kaufman and holds both Riley and Charlie at gunpoint. Before Slack and Pillsbury can react, Motown, who has come round, opens fire and nearly kills both Riley and Cholo, before being bitten by a walker and executed by Slack. With this distraction, Riley de-activates Dead Reckoning\'s weapons systems and convinces Cholo to allow him escape Northward, while Cholo goes west. Cholo is later bitten by a zombie and returns to kill Kaufman. Zombie leader Big Daddy perceives that the river is no obstacle to invasion, he leads the zombies against the human city, and himself follows Kaufman to an underground garage. When Big Daddy leaves the garage, the now dead-and-reanimated Cholo attacks Kaufman; but both are killed by Big Daddy when the latter causes an explosion. Riley and his crew discover that although most inhabitants have become zombies themselves, some had followed Mulligan to escape. Pretty Boy has the opportunity to kill Big Daddy and the zombies; but Riley orders her against it. Riley and his friends then use Dead Reckoning to leave the city.'] ["On arrival in Haiti, Madeleine Short reunites with her fiancé Neil Parker, with imminent plans to be married. On the way to their lodging, the couple's coach passes Murder Legendre, an evil voodoo master, who observes them with interest. Neil and Madeleine arrive at the home of the wealthy plantation owner, Charles Beaumont. Charles' love of Madeleine prompts him to meet Murder secretly in Murder's sugar cane mill, operated entirely by zombies. Charles wants to convince Madeleine to marry him and solicits Murder's supernatural assistance. Murder states that the only way to help Charles is to transform Madeleine into a zombie with a potion. Beaumont agrees, takes the potion, and surreptitiously gives it to Madeleine. Shortly after Madeleine and Neil's wedding ceremony, the potion takes effect on Madeleine, who soon dies and is buried. Murder and Charles enter Madeleine's tomb at night and bring her back to life as a zombie. In a drunken state, a depressed Neil sees ghostly apparitions of Madeleine and goes to her tomb. On finding it empty, Neil seeks out the assistance of the local missionary, Dr. Bruner, who recounts how Murder turned many of his rivals into zombies, who now act as Murder's closest guardians. The two men journey to Murder's cliffside castle to rescue Madeleine. At the castle, Charles has begun to regret Madeleine's transformation and begs Murder to return her to life, but Murder refuses. Charles discovers he has been tainted by Murder's voodoo and is also transforming into a zombie. As Neil enters the fortress, Murder senses his presence and silently orders Madeleine to kill Neil. She approaches Neil with a knife, but Bruner grabs her hand from behind a curtain, making her drop the knife and walk away. Neil follows Madeleine to an escarpment, where Murder commands his zombie guardians to kill Neil. Bruner approaches Murder and knocks him out, breaking Murder's mental control over his zombies. Undirected, the zombies topple off the cliff. Murder awakens and eludes Neil and Bruner, but Charles pushes Murder off the cliff. Charles loses his balance and also falls to his death. Murder's death releases Madeleine from her zombie trance, and she awakens to embrace Neil."] ['After the loss of their father, the Doyle family, Leslie , Jonathan  and Jamie , move to the Fowler Mortuary in hope of starting a new life. The three find the mortuary to be in a bad condition. Jonathan goes to the local diner where he meets Cal  and his two girlfriends, Tina  and Sara . Cal tells Johnathan about the legend of Bobby Fowler, an abused and deformed boy who lived in the mortuary. Jonathan also meets Liz , the love interest; Grady , Liz\'s best friend; and Rita, Liz\'s aunt, who employed her to work at the diner. Jonathan, Liz and Grady become friends quickly. That night, Cal, Sara and Tina go to the graveyard outside the mortuary and vandalize it; they then go into one of the crypts, where they are attacked by Bobby Fowler. The next day, Jonathan, Liz and Grady go back to Johnathan\'s house, where Grady gives them some drugs. Shortly afterwards, Sheriff Howell shows up to welcome Leslie to the town. He also informs her on his attempt to stop "graveyard babies". He also is looking for Cal, Sara and Tina. Sheriff Howell then goes and investigates the crypts, where he is infected by Bobby Fowler. The next day at the diner, Johnathan and Liz are working, when Cal and Sara arrive messy. Cal has a rage attack and Sara begins vomiting black ooze. Rita comes in to calm her down, but is infected in the process. At the mortuary, Leslie is doing her first embalming. While doing so, she screws up making a mess of the embalming fluids. While going to clean it up, one of the bodies gets up and infects Leslie. Jonathan, Jamie, Liz and Grady return to Jonathan\'s house for dinner, where Leslie, now infected with the mysterious ooze, has prepared a sort of ooze soup. The four also notice a black fungus growing on the wall. Liz pours salt in her soup which makes it bubble and sends Leslie into a rage in which she attacks Jonathan and Jamie. Liz and Grady quickly escape. Shortly afterwards, Jonathan fights off his mother and saves Jamie. The four escape outside but are forced to retreat into a crypt, because they are chased there by an infected man. The four make the shocking discovery that Bobby lives in the crypt and dug tunnels under the cemetery. They find Tina, who is still alive, but are attacked by the mother before the five find a ladder, which leads back into the house. The five barricade themselves in the house. They question Tina and eventually cut her hand to see if her blood has turned into the black ooze, a sign of the infection. Soon, Sheriff Howell begins barraging the house with shotgun fire. Tina goes into the kitchen to clean the wound but finds the water has become infested with the ooze and she is infected. Grady accidentally pours salt on her, burning her. The group now knows the weakness of the infected, but their victory is short-lived after they find that Jamie, who Jonathan had left in her room to keep her safe, has been captured. They decide to go into the tunnels again, as a rescue mission. Shortly after entering the tunnels they begin seeing and hearing things; a hand suddenly punches through Grady\'s chest, giving him enough time to say quietly, "run", before dying. They soon find the source, a well filled with black ooze. Shortly thereafter, Jamie is found, but captured by Bobby Fowler and taken back to the lair, where they confront him by throwing salt in the well. Cal is killed by getting his head blown off by the Sheriff, and the other infected are burned with salt; Bobby is sucked in and the three escape the house. The three, happy to escape but still grieving the deaths of Leslie and Grady, are about to leave the house, but Jonathan is pulled underground, and Leslie, alive again, pulls Jamie into the house, and Liz\'s fate is left untold.'] ['The movie begins as a sexually insatiable woman named Dexy implores her husband Nathan to find her "someone to play with," implying a polyamorous relationship. Immediately afterward, a man armed with a one-handed sledgehammer and a number of long spikes is engaged in hand-to-hand combat with a zombie, which he ultimately kills by overpowering it and driving a spike into its head with his hammer. His name is revealed to be \'Matool\', a reference to the movie Zombi 2, as he has the same name as the island in the movie.{{Or}} He then sees another zombie approaching him, which appears to annoy him more than frighten him. He is also shown being extremely protective of his glasses, since zombies have overrun the world and he might find it difficult to acquire another pair. As the opening credits roll, short clips are shown of Matool running around the deserted streets of Albuquerque, New Mexico, while Nathan is driving his pickup on those same streets, showing that the city is devoid of human life. Afterward, a young woman is shown trapped in her car by a group of ravenous zombies outside, while her male companion is pulled down and devoured. Matool hears this and utters "Fuck yeah!" while rushing off to her rescue. Though she is obviously reluctant, she allows herself to be saved, but Matool is forced to resort to carrying her, as she is overcome by panic. They take refuge in a rundown, abandoned house, which is already occupied by a middle-aged man and two young boys. The older man, Mr. Rainville, seems not to be bothered much by what is happening outside, and neither does one of his young friends, but the other boy does not speak at all or show any kind of emotion. After some amusing introductions, Matool inquires as to the identity of the man who was just killed, and the young woman replies that it was her brother, much to Matool\'s joy, but she is incensed by his subtle advances, and still believes that they can save her now-dead brother. Rainville continues to do nothing but sit and watch as all this happens, though he does not hesitate to jump in with a witty comment about he\'s "not going to fuck you either" to Matool, mocking his attempts to get the young lady in bed. The woman then loses it and tries to leave to save her brother, but is pulled down and devoured by several zombies while Matool has no choice but to run. Rainville and one of the boys are eaten alive, but the quiet one simply hides, showing no emotion whatsoever. As Matool runs, Nathan hits him with the door of his truck. Matool later wakes up bound in the back of Nathan\'s truck as they arrive at Nathan\'s house in the mountains near the city. Also in the truck is the quiet boy who Rainville had taken in . After being taken inside, he is cut loose, welcomed, allowed to bathe, and is bluntly informed that Nathan and Dexy have an alternative lifestyle, which involves Nathan watching while other men engage in sexual activity with Dexy. Matool is intrigued by this and goes along with the idea, but their first time, Dexy\'s sister Sassy smacks his bare rear with a ruler, surprising Matool, who is even more surprised when he sees that this new woman has a mutated human face on her side, the result of some kind of conjoined twins situation . Matool apologizes for freaking out, seeing that Sassy is very sensitive. After a few days, during which Matool gets used to his new surroundings, and after a few fights with zombies lurking outside, Nathan and Matool become fast friends, and Matool is shown a shed behind the house where Nathan keeps a naked female zombie that he likes to "look at", prompting Matool to remark "Yeah, she\'d be pretty fucking hot if she weren\'t decomposing." Shortly thereafter, a small group of soldiers arrive in the rain. Two are carrying a third, who is badly injured. Their leader is Mandel, the other is Vega, and the wounded man is Sepulveda, who talk their way inside. A flashback reveals that they were part of a larger unit surviving on the roads after the zombies overran civilization until a zombie attack  cost them two soldiers , and wounded Sepulveda. Mandel becomes acquainted with Matool who tells him that the house is well-supplied, has power from an electrical generator, a well, as well as "more". Sepulveda is placed in an unoccupied bedroom where Mandel and Vega take turns watching him, knowing that death and reanimation are inevitable. Also, Vega becomes acquainted with Sassy, who later admits to Mandel and Matool that the face on her side is "disturbingly sexy" . Later, Mandel and Vega begin having sex with Dexy while Nathan watches, causing him obvious frustration, leading him to, while the others are having breakfast, sneak back to his shed and have rough sex with his chained female zombie. A flashback reveals that the female zombie was one of two survivors who had arrived sometime earlier , who, after seeing Dexy\'s attraction to them both, shot the man and strangled the woman, keeping her for sexual purposes. As the days pass, Vega and Sassy begin a relationship, while Sepulveda continues to die in agony, while Mandel resists Matool\'s suggestion that he be put down right away. Nathan and Matool continue to fight and destroy zombies  as they show up at the house. Things inevitably fall apart, however, as the quiet boy who has not yet said a word begins feeling an attraction towards Dexy, and takes Nathan\'s keys and frees his female zombie, leaving it contained in the shed. Meanwhile, Sepulveda wakes up and sees Sassy for the first time, as well as her conjoined twin, freaking out at how disgusting it is, causing Sassy to lose it and kill him with a pair of scissors. Mandel, who was watching Sepulveda, instinctively shoots Sassy, killing her. Nathan goes out to the shed for a tryst, but is killed and devoured by his zombie companion. Meanwhile, Matool, Mandel, and Vega take Sassy and Sepulveda\'s bodies out before they reanimate as zombies, while attempting to reassure Dexy that it was "an accident". Matool smashes Sassy\'s head with a cinder block over Vega\'s objections who is then attacked and killed by a reanimated Sepulveda. As more zombies begin to gather at the house, Matool demands that Mandel go back into the house to get his MP5 submachine gun, but he can\'t, as the boy has locked them out. Mandel then kills the Sepulveda zombie with his knife. Then they head to the shed to find Nathan. They open the door and see him being devoured by his female zombie and proceed to lock her back in. As more and more zombies arrive, Mandel punches Matool, claiming Dexy as his own, but Matool fights back. As they fight, they find themselves surrounded and are forced to run down the same road to escape. Dexy, meanwhile, looks out the window as the zombies approach the door while the boy comes up to her, still not speaking or expressing any emotion. She looks at him and says "Nathan will be back." The boy then holds Dexy\'s hand. The movie ends with Matool and Mandel running down a gravel road together, making their escape.'] ["A doctor implants a strange electronic brain component in a man's skull and a psychotic killer is born. A weird scientist brings a zombie to life and sets out to avenge the enemies of the psycho."] ['The film is about an extremely sadistic and patriotic American soldier named Sam Harper who is killed by friendly fire in Kuwait during Desert Storm. He is brought back to life on the Fourth of July, as Uncle Sam. He then proceeds to wreak havoc on the unsuspecting, yet unpatriotic citizens of his hometown.'] ['In 1913, in Carlton, Pennsylvania , the cruel owner of the Carlton mine exploits poor immigrant children. In order to excavate a new shaft quickly, he employs a dynamite charge, but the explosion causes the mine to collapse, burying a large group of the children alive. Following his later trial for wilfully causing the death of his workers, Carlton is acquitted and the mine closed down. In present day, eighty years later, Karen Tunny has just lost her husband after a long period of terminal disease and has inherited his birthhome near the since-abandoned Carlton mine. She moves to the house with her daughters, Sarah and Emma. The three stop by the local market for supplies and are told by Walter, the shopkeeper, that he doesn\'t deliver to the area they live in. While driving, Karen has a near miss with a man crossing the road. She exits the car, looking for the man, but he\'s nowhere to be found. They arrive at the house and Sarah points out the blood on the door while Karen declares it\'s just "paint." When Emma hears children giggling, she leaves the house, following the sound of it. Karen goes out looking for Emma and finds her in an old mine. As they try to find their way back to the house, it becomes nightfall and they get lost. They find a house, which is occupied by Hanks, and enter. Karen is advised by Hanks to stay at home during the night, and he also tells her that there is no need to thank him for the blood smeared on his and the Tunny\'s door. William Carlton, the last surviving heir of the Carlton estate, which has owned the mine since 1913, is hungrily devouring property and kicking people off his own property. Meanwhile, the zombie children begin to kill, which is dismissed among the community as disappearances, though it is hinted that most of the community is aware of the presence of the children. As it turns out, the Tunnys and Hanks, are relatives of the zombie children, who leave blood relatives alive while killing all others. Emma, who has had friendly contact with a less-violent zombie named Mary, informs her mother that the zombies won\'t eat her, and that Mary would not directly hurt her mother , but passes on the warning that the other children might. Karen finds some old family photo albums in the basement that contain pictures of her late husband, as well as the Tunny and Hanks children who died in the mine disaster, thus revealing that the family is related to some of the children who had died. Karen and Sarah leave the house to go look for Emma. As they exit the mine, not being able to find Emma, they become surrounded by a dozen of the children. They escape, with the children pursuing them, and find a car passing through with Carlton inside. They enter, telling him to drive, but the tires are slashed before they can pull away. Karen and Sarah run to Hanks\' house, unsure of what to do. Soon enough, Karen figures out that Hanks\' blood has a supposed repellent effect on the zombie children. As both Hanks and Carlton attempt to shoot the children, they realize the bullets are ineffective, and run to the barn. Hanks realizes that, as he and Emma are direct blood relatives, it turns out Mary has an older brother that\'s also a Tunny, and Karen is in some way protected by Emma\'s relationship with Mary. The children are really after Carlton, as they blame his family for the mining accident that killed them. After Carlton is killed by the children, Emma remarks that they won\'t be hurting anyone anymore. At the end, the Tunny family drives away and reveals that the house has not been sold. Now, Mary lives in the house, with the bear that Emma gave her.'] 